the combination was too much for me and i roared into her mouth as i emptied my seed deep inside her .
she turned around in time to watch me jerk my seed into the sheets .
his quick thrusts hauled him over the edge and then he was exploding , pouring his seed deep inside the writhing , moaning girl in his arms .
and as she reached her peak he pushed deep inside her , one long clean stroke , and then he was emptying his seed deep inside her .
and when he could hold it no more and shot his seed deep inside her she rode faster , bucking wildly , and then she screamed her orgasm out loud as her vagina walls convulsed around him .
and then he came , his body erupting as he shot his seed deep inside his dear , sweet melanie ; warm and willing melanie ; melanie who made him explode like no other woman had before .
moments after , tracy got no warning as his sticky seed erupted inside of her .
not long after , mr . hayes abruptly moved up and locked lips with her just in time to release his hot seed into her channel .
i could feel his come cover my insides , coating me with his seed .
a primal happiness filled me as he coated my insides with his seed , his h*ps bucking into mine in his body 's desperate attempt to completely fill me .
i urged him on with my hips , my ribs on fire , my insides aching for his seed .
he thrust the last of his seed , my hands grabbing his ass and holding him so that he could n't escape .
mr . hayes cried out , and began to loose his seed ... tracy awoke with a start .
as he cried out , i could feel the warmth of his seed as it filled my body .
there was something about pregnancy and her husband needing to know that any children were from his seed , but she banished that from her mind .
mykolas cursed , and a second later he was spilling his seed as he f**ked her mouth hard , his c**k hitting the back of her throat as he came in long strong spurts .
he spilled his seed into her mouth even as he continued lapping her up once more with slow and long licks so as not to miss even a drop of her come .
she came with another silent cry , grinding her bu**ocks into him as his c**k pistoled his seed into her with a force that made her body shake harder .
and she came , her body bucking as domenico played with her cl*t like a guitar even as his c**k shoved into her body for one last time , pouring out his seed .
a part of him was filled with triumph , urging him to take her now , and his c**k shot up just at the thought of pouring his seed inside her and creating life in her womb .
desire imploded within her body , and she gasped just as domenico growled her name , his c**k pumping out his seed until she felt she was drowning in his warm essence .
behind her , staffan tensed , and then he was biting her shoulder hard , his c**k pumping his seed into her , a furious rush of hot sticky cum that she wanted to taste because it was his .
several more shots of his seed followed the first and the feel of his warm cum , dripping between her folds and covering her mound sent her spiralling over the edge once more .
as his moans rose in loudness and frequency , she found herself moving faster , harder , wanting to feel him unload his seed deep within her .
she needed to feel his seed filling her in an attempt to make their baby .
feeling the beat of his stream of cum slamming against her inner walls sent her over the edge and she echoed his moan against his mouth as her pussy clenched and then released , milking his cock for every ounce of his seed while unleashing a flood of her juices to greet his shaft .
his balls became tighter , preparing to unload his seed into her needy core .
` ` grab the cup , i ' m coming kat , '' he half groaned , half growled as his balls hardened , his shaft throbbed and a rush of relief washed over him as his seed came spewing from him , and began to fill the cup .
he screamed my name against my lips , ` ` sienna - i love you - always been you , '' as he spilled his seed inside me with one hard thrust of his hips .
multiple - orgasms quaked and vibrated my entire body as he poured his seed in my womb .
only mine , '' i hissed through gritted teeth as i unloaded my seed inside her .
i felt his c**k pulsated thickly , squirting his seed inside me .
he pushed a few more times , his c**k twitched as emptied his seed in my womb .
` ` but what i love most , is the feel of you crying out my name , tensing as you unleash your nut inside me , making me yours , marking me with your sacred seed . ''
with an earth - shattering howl , i pummeled her one more time before i released all of my seed into her , while she tightened around me , sucking the life out of me to the very last drop while i panted into her ear .
i wretchedly breathed out , closing my lids when i felt the first spurt of my seed , burying it deeply into her .
it was n't long until i came , twice , before it was his turn , unloading his seed into my womb .
i was so out of it , but it did n't stop him from using me until he was done and ready to release his seed into my womb .
i want his seed in me .
he keeps my head in place with his hands as his thrusts become more and more urgent until with rigid muscles and a fierce groan , he buckles , and i feels his hot seed jet to the back of my throat .
i hold onto the exciting firmness of his bu**ocks as he finds his release and spills his seed inside my body .
firmly gripped by my rectum and the foreignness of what we were doing he came fast , spilling his seed deep inside me , crying out my name .
he buckles as hot seed shoots into my throat .
my seed is still leaking out of her .
his c**k jerks and spurts its hot seed into my desperately clutching cavity .
his seed is like thick hot drops of rain .
i grip my muscles hard to keep his seed inside me but it trickles out helplessly .
he comes snarling my name , his seed shooting into my body , mixing with my fluids in a long , hot release .
he wanted to pour his life into her , to be able to look at her across a room and know that his seed was deep inside of her , to see her slender body swell with his child ... clayton drew a long breath and slowly expelled it .
his body erupted like a volcano , pouring his seed into her welcoming warmth with a force that made his entire body jerk again and again .
when some of his strength returned , he slid one arm beneath her hips , the other around her shoulders , and moved onto his side , taking her with him , still intimately joined to her , his seed deep inside her .
then he surrendered to his own climax , and the sight and sound of him reaching completion inside her , the feel of his body shuddering over hers with the force of the pleasure he 'd found inside her , his seed jetting into her core , filling her to overflowing , had her in the throes of another orgasm until she was weeping , the world receding as pleasure overloaded her .
he roared , let go , his body all but detonating in ecstasy , his seed jetting endlessly into her , until he felt his essence flowing into her , never to return .
then he surrendered to his own climax , and the sight of him , the sound of him reaching completion inside her , the feel of his seed jetting his passion into her , filling her to overflowing , had her in the throes of another orgasm until she was weeping , unable to bear the stimulation .
and he joined his body to hers , took his pleasure inside her , spilled his seed and came to covet her , even love her , with the bond of children cementing her hold over him .
the meticulous doctor would have insisted on it if it had n't been her ultimate method of showing him she 'd wanted his seed to take root inside her , had trusted him with her body , her future and that of her child 's .
had craved another , had opened her body to his invasion , taken his seed , wanting it to bear fruit not his .
only when she started tumbling down the vortex of pleasure , crying out her love , convulsing around him , wrenching his release from his every cell , he joined her , spilled his seed , branded her as his forever , only sorry that he could n't give her another child right now .
primal longings burst there , to have his manhood driving into her as it once had , so huge and powerful it had breached her cervix , what remained of the core of her femininity , splashed his seed directly where the overriding forces of her love and his potency had smashed the odds , done the impossible , created the miracle of mennah .
on the final shearing spasms he joined her , exploding into a roar of completion , his seed filling her to overflowing .
where she 'd received his seed , took his essence , purified it , transformed it into the magic of life .
the feel and sight of her ecstasy made him surge to her womb , release his seed there , images of another miracle , a tiny replica of her this time , sending him almost berserk with its poignancy .
the feel and sight of her pleasure boiled his seed in his loins .
then he joined her in this darkest ecstasy , roaring his completion , his orgasm tapping into hers , boosting its power as his seed splashed into her womb , scorching her and putting out the fire all at once .
this time , when he jetted his seed into her womb , he roared his love .
and he 'd take his pleasure inside her , spill his seed where it would take root , as it ... ` ` i ca n't bear it . ''
convulsions seized his lithe body as he came , the condom filling with his hot seed .
i felt him come inside me , his warm seed mixing with my fluids and i followed soon after , arching myself into the air , offering vincent my body .
he thrust a few more times then i felt the condom fill with his hot seed .
and before seth went spreading his seed with her costar , he should probably know about the seed he 'd possibly implanted in her .
with a final thrust , he pressed inside her , spilling his seed into her mouth with a groan .
the friction increased as i tightened around him , but he continued at his even pace through the tension until he was spilling his seed with a long stroke and spilling my name on a low groan .
i 'll fill her up with my seed and i will make reparation to myself , by never telling her how that seed is as portuguese as her own .
but she wanted it all , his seed , his pleasure , his abandon .
she felt his jolt of answering ecstasy , was scorched by his seed as it pulsed over and over into her womb , bathing it , filling it , until the pleasure eddied in a downward spiral so violent her consciousness flickered .
his seed , filling her .
wanted to feel him pour his seed inside her .
with a prayer that his seed would take root in her womb , he jetted inside her , causing her paroxysm to spike .
he bellowed her name and his surrender to her as he found his life 's first true and profound release , ecstasy frightening in magnitude , convulsing in waves of pure culmination , jetting his seed into her depths until he felt he 'd dissolved inside her .
her convulsions spiked with every splash of his seed , her cries were stifled against his shoulder as she mashed herself into him .
but feeling his seed splashing her intimate walls , filling her , branding her , spread regret along with the pleasure .
he all but felt himself detonate in a violent release , the most intense he 'd ever felt , his seed burning through his length , jetting into her depths to mingle with her own gushing climax .
he 'd joined her in this darkest ecstasy , roaring his completion , his orgasm boosting hers as surge after surge of his seed splashed into her womb , finishing her with delight ... and desolation .
and he joined her in the abyss of pleasure , roaring his completion , jetting his seed inside her until he filled her .
he shouted her name , threw his head back , dug his hands in the depths of her silk fire and spilled his seed on her tongue .
he held himself at her womb as his seed seared through his length in jet after jet of excruciating pleasure .
she shrieked his name as the detonations of each orgasm severed all her nerves , as his seed shot inside her in one scalding surge after another , bathing her intimate flesh , filling her womb , fulfilling her ... . from the depths of boneless bliss , she felt his hands stroking awareness into her satiated body .
he roared her name , stiffened in her arms , plunged deeper , breaching her completely as jets of his seed filled her .
with a brutal groan , he wrenched her hips against him one last time as his seed shot into her , filling her with heat .
as he licked me for more , his shaft thickened between my lips , seed surging up his length .
he palmed me between my thighs - and began slathering his seed into my flesh .
his unguarded words were about to send me over the edge when he grated , ` ` you will wait for me ... wait for my seed on your tongue . ''
her pu**y contracted around him over and over , milking his c**k as he emptied his hot seed into her .
he emptied himself into her , branding her with his hot seed .
it twitched as he spilled his seed into her with a howl of pleasure .
mallory exploded around him , milking his c**k as he emptied his hot seed into her .
he released his seed on my face with a shout .
his body shook and his face tensed up as he came , flooding me with his hot seed .
pulling his head back to look deep into her eyes , he said , ` ` i ' ve always loved you , '' and then pumped into her , all the way to the hilt , rocking back and forth rapidly as he shot his seed deep within her .
mindless with the need to ravage her , to blow his seed as deep within her as he possibly could , he dragged her legs over his shoulders and rammed into her again and again .
already hard again , he plunged his c**k deep within her , taking immeasurable pleasure in filling her pu**y with his shaft , in shooting his seed deep into her womb , in hearing her cry out his name .
then i come hard , long jets of seed filling her tight little pussy .
give me one more , '' i growl , forcing my tongue down her throat as long jets of come shoot off inside her , filling her womb with my seed , setting off her third orgasm .
then i plant myself deep and come , filling her with my seed .
she laughs as i mimic her screaming for me to give her my seed .
a second later , both were groaning , their seed squeezing out against the pads of thumbs that ground down as hard as they could and could n't possibly have kept the stuff dammed up .
she rolled off the condom , heavy with his seed .
i want you to suck my seed down your throat like you 're starving for the taste of it . ''
connor covered her mouth with his own , capturing her scream , as his own release hit and his seed exploded out of him .
and then he pauses , holding tight to me around my waist as his body shudders and his hips jerk up once , twice , and then several more times as he empties his seed into me .
i continue slamming into her deliciously wet pu**y without any care for her wellbeing , only focused on getting my seed to spill forth .
when she sank her teeth into the side of his neck , he nearly spilled his seed right then .
it took a moment before she realized he too was shaking as he cried out in his own intense release and sent his ejaculation shuddering through her , her womb growing even hotter as his seed coated her insides .
she felt as if she were gliding along in the sky , and during that moment , that moment where the release began to ebb , she heard him cry out as he tensed , buried deep inside her , and then he shook , his own release washed through him , his hardness sending his seed deep into her womb .
his words only served to spur her on and speed her up , and he barely managed to muffle his cry as he spilled his seed inside the warm recesses of her mouth .
he thrust hard one final time , buried to the hilt as the hot seed pulsed up to soak me .
i dragged every rivulet of my seed back up into her sex .
she 'd just finished sucking the last drop of seed from my tip when i yanked her up on the bed and flipped her onto her back , legs spread wide .
i jarred into her hard with one last brutal thrust and emptied my seed deep inside of her .
i rocked into her roughly and shot deep inside , rubbing out every bit of my seed , letting her milk me to the last drop .
i hit the end of her , poured my seed into her womb as she clenched and milked me with her own orgasm , and started again .
` ` you can use your hands now , '' i told her , and she did , taking me back into her hot little mouth while her hands twisted and squeezed me until i felt my seed rolling up my shaft i stroked her face and praised her as she milked a quick , powerful orgasm out of me and down her throat .
i was completely insatiable , marking my territory in the most primal of ways - with my seed deep in her flesh .
when i finally felt my balls drawing up , my seed pumping to my tip , then shooting into her , it caught me by surprise .
he thrust with more ease as his seed eased his passage so he could easily slide to the hilt .
she felt the warm slide of his seed spill over her aching flesh as he left her .
he paused to let her swallow before thrusting again , deep , and he held himself at the back of her throat while his c**k pulsed more warm seed .
i felt roth slamming into me , his hips thrusting madly as he came and came and came , his hot seed flooding into me , stream after stream jetting against my walls .
the motion of his c**k was accentuated by a wet sucking sound as he pushed back in , and he growled , groaned , letting loose one last gush of seed .
i felt the relentless gush of seed shoot out of me in spurt after spurt , and now i was pulling out and thrusting in , coming still , coming again , and she was pushing back into me and whimpering my name , and i was coming again , fires of orgasm raging unquenchable inside me , white - hot and catalytic .
opening my throat , i took him as deep as i could and felt the final spurt of his seed sluice down my esophagus , and backed away to swallow it .
` ` you 're my everything ... . '' i gasped , groaning as another wave of seed flooded out of me and filled her .
he gritted a warning past clenched teeth , ` ` i ' m coming , oh god , i ' m coming right now ... '' he came , hard , unleashing a flood of hot , salty , thick seed into my mouth and down my throat .
a single thought passed through my mind : i wanted him bare inside me , so i could feel his seed wash through me .
at the furious clench of my muscles , the helpless shriek of my breath in his ear , he exploded as well , releasing his seed in a gush of heat , driving me further into the wilds of orgasmic detonation .
i drew him higher , past climax without release , the chemical rush of orgasm blasting through him and i both but he could n't spend his seed until i let him , until i let myself fall forward .
his hot seed filled me and his body surrounded me and there were no more thoughts but the plunge of body into body , heat into heat , and i could barely support my own weight on his chest for the shuddering , rocketing thrill of orgasm climaxing through every cell of my body .
` ` oh god , leo , yes ... all of it , only for you ... '' and then he exploded , a shuddering groan , and a dozen thrusts within me , each with a spill of hot seed splashing into me , filling me , completing my own orgasm with a clench of muscles around his rigid , pulsing cock .
` ` ah , fuck , that 's good , '' he grunted as his seed began to pour into her throat .
more tears scattered down her flushed cheeks at the sensation of his cock throbbing while his seed jetted powerfully into her womb .
he held her to him , fucking her tight , wet mouth with his convulsing cock , giving her his seed and whatever else had been ripped loose from inside his spirit .
she collapsed beneath me as i poured my seed into her sucking pussy my hands holding her close .
and when she came and i turned her over onto her back so i could pound into her the way i needed to , i fell over the cliff and all the way in love with her as i emptied my seed inside her .
it was the first time i 'd touched her like that since i 'd first told her ; my first acknowledgment of my seed in her womb .
i stroked my cock over her tits emptying the rest of my seed all over them .
she refused to release me from her clutches after i emptied my seed inside her and i was only too happy to stay right where i was ; buried to the hilt .
when she slammed her ass back into me and screamed i finally flooded her with my seed .
she bit down on my tongue as she came and i slammed pass the opening of her cervix and into her womb where i spewed jet after jet of my hot seed into her .
he jetted his seed into my anal cavity , flooding me with heat .
he groaned loudly as his cock throbbed and he shot a stream of his seed into her awaiting lips .
as she came close to coming again she felt dane 's cock thicken and harden in her ass and with a low grunt of satisfaction he slammed into her ass , releasing his seed .
it was killing him not to rip her clothing from her body and take her hard and fast , filling her exquisite body with his seed .
once the last spurt of his seed left his shaft , she licked him clean before releasing him and looked up to meet his gaze .
her pussy milked his cock , begging it for his seed .
with a low groan , he thrust up in her , meeting her downward thrust and unleashed , his seed spilling into her .
the feel of his seed slamming against her inner walls took her over the edge with him , she screamed out as her body erupted .
her pussy gripped his cock , milking it for every last drop of his seed before exploding and surrounding his dick with her juices .
he growled , pumped deeply and spilled his seed inside me .
he gave me one last inward thrust then jerked out , spilling his seed on my stomach .
grey eyes dilated as she looked up , waiting for me to bless her with my seed .
i let out a pained sob when his shaft penetrated my other opening , inserting half of his dick in me as he immediately released his load , pumping in precise strokes as he spurt his seed inside me .
i need to bury myself inside you , or so help me god , i wo n't stop until i ' ve filled you with my cock and seed , burying it deep in your cunt 's moist , tightened walls . ''
i chanted my promise to him as he took my body to new heights , riding along the waves of my ecstasy as he spilled his seed into my womb .
ropes of my seed spurted furiously , and it felt like it would never end .
i ' m going to flood your cunt with my seed .
i could feel his hot seed as it pulsed and squirted into my belly .
the feeling of his warm seed inside me spread a grin across my face .
i swallowed as quickly as i could , taking his salty seed down my throat and into my belly .
filling me with the warmth of his seed .
i grabbed the back of her head and held her there as the heat of my release radiated through my body and my movements became jerky before i spilled my seed down her throat .
when he 'd emptied all of his seed , his head fell forward and he looked me in the eye .
his thrusts became uneven and staggered as the last of his seed sputtered forth .
noah came , his whole body seizing up as he spilled his seed inside me with a strangled growl .
it was all the permission i needed to finally let go myself and spill my seed into her with a final strangled grunt , my hips jerky with incomplete strokes until i was spent .
slamming my hips into her one final time , i came , spewing my seed inside the woman i would do any fucking thing for .
i felt his seed inside me , coating me .
his seed rushed into me and the warmth and intensity made me shudder .
i hear him growl in a guttural moan as i feel his seed squirt deep inside me .
i do n't know if he is making sounds or not , i am drowning in my release when i feel his seed spurting within me .
he kisses my cheek , gathering my tears on his tongue and presses himself in me for one last thrust , his seed emptying into my body .
my head bobbing up and down as i felt his hand guiding me , encouraging me , filling me with his seed .
i feel his seed buried deep in my body just as his heart becomes attached to my soul .
` ` as much as i want to feel your tongue flicking the sweet spot on my dick while you suck down my seed , i want to be balls deep in your pu**y when i come . ''
feeling this pu**y milking every drop of seed from my dick .
the heat of his seed against the hot tissues of her anal walls eased his every short , fast jab .
` ` i want you to look at yourself and know you 're sticky beneath your shirt , wearing my seed . ''
he murmured , ` ` but it 'll give me another hard - on , looking at you and knowing you 're wearing my seed beneath this prim - and - proper blouse . ''
he wanted to watch his seed dripping down her leg , knowing he 'd put it there .
thinking of his c**k pumping his seed over her tongue and feeling her swallowing part of him seemed more intimate that the act itself .
he arched , plunged his c**k as deep as it would go and stopped , blowing his seed inside her with a hoarse shout as her muscles clamped down and milked him dry .
as he groaned , her inner tissues were so swollen and sensitized that she felt the tip of his sex twitching as he bathed her insides with his hot seed .
cord arched as the spasms sent his seed jetting down the back of her throat .
his eyes glittered with satisfaction as his seed dripped off her hard ni**les .
a surge of heat flashed and kade hammered into her , his balls damn near crawled inside his body and his c**k jerked as pulse after pulse of hot seed shot out .
` ` is it chauvinistic to say i like seein ' my seed runnin ' down your leg ? ''
she wanted to stand up and see his seed trickling out of her sated and swollen sex .
he shouted as spurts of his hot seed shot out , dotting her torso , marking her as his .
she 'd stopped giving him handjobs or blowjobs , unless it led to him sticking his dick in her and filling her with his seed .
he rammed in to the hilt as his balls lifted and he bathed her channel with his seed .
cam kept his grip on her head as his seed pulsed out and she swallowed every spurt .
` ` as much as i wan na feel those gorgeous throat muscles teasing my dick as you swallow every drop of my seed , i want to see my come marking you . ''
when she started to bear down on him during her third orgasm , cam rammed into her and let her swollen , pulsing pu**y muscles milk him of every last drop of seed .
he groaned , hell , he howled when those rigid anal muscles clamped his c**k and milked every drop of seed .
she felt every hot spurt as he filled her ass with his seed .
slidin ' my dick in here until i ' m ready to explode- '' he dragged his index finger through the center of her cle**age , ` ` -and then comin ' all over your chest , seein ' how those freckles look covered in my seed . ''
her throat muscles contracted around the head as his seed flowed down the back of her throat .
he shouted as pulses of hot seed shot out of his dick into the slippery , wet heat of her pu**y .
he finished by jacking off on her chest and belly , fighting the urge to roar with male satisfaction at seeing her marked with his seed .
kane craved the rush of sensation as his c**k emptied , feeling those close - fitting anal walls clamping down , milking every ounce of seed from his aching balls .
his entire body seemed to boil - blood , skin , balls and bones - when his seed shot out of his dick in a hot wash of pleasure .
the remnants of his seed would ease the way when he f**ked her first thing in the morning .
that 'd be damn embarrassing , spilling his seed before he even got inside her .
he buried his shaft deep one last time , spilling his seed inside her , whispering her name against her throat with such ferocity , it was as powerful as a scream .
he roared as he poured every bit of hot seed into trevor until his balls were drained .
his c**k jerked , sending blasts of heat against her pu**y walls as those muscles clamped down , pulling every bit of seed from his balls .
her hand pulled every last twitch from his cock , her finger rubbed every last pulse in his ass , and those actions together milked every last bit of seed from his balls .
those glove - tight walls sucked every bit of seed from his balls .
but he realized it was n't pain that caused her reaction but the long line of seed running down the inside of her thigh .
he sent her over the edge twice - multiple orgasms for her was another benefit of pregnancy - and he roared like a beast when his balls finally released his seed .
she clamped her inner muscles down on his shaft and felt every scalding spurt of his seed .
and he 'd feel this so deeply , he 'd come before he was ready , with the primal urge to spill his seed inside her , to put his baby inside of her , even though he knew she was on birth control .
she came , too , then , unable to fight it any longer , and she tremored around his cock , all but drinking in his seed as he released wave after wave of it inside of her .
the orgasm hit them both on a crashing wave , washing over them , as nathan 's seed spilled into her .
he pulled out of her but kept a hand cupped over her pussy , which was now leaking with his seed .
he could feel himself spilling into her wet passage , filling her up with his angry seed as the tension that had been building in him for eight long years finally released in wave after wave of cum .
and when she felt the hot stream of cum begin to release inside of her , another orgasm began to overtake her , this one ripping through every part of her body as his seed flooded into her hot and strong , spilling into her womb and sending her human over the edge .
he soon yelled out his own pleasure , and she felt the rush of his seed inside of her .
and continued to scream as his hot seed flooded into her womb , her own pussy swelling around his knot and locking him in despite the fact she was pretty sure they hated each other at the moment , that this might be the very definition of a hate - fuck .
the earlier anger still very present in the room , even as she milked the rest of his seed into her womb .
he remembered the way her wet heat had gripped him , demanding all of his seed , even in her anger .
neither of them realized he was n't wearing a condom until his seed flooded into her womb on a red - hot river of lust and recrimination .
soon after , she felt him swell inside her and then spill his seed into her in a rush of moving bodies , cold adobe wall , and lovers finally reunited .
his head lifted from her chest and he erupted , once again filling her with his seed , so much so that he could feel the hot , slick action on his own shaft as he emptied out inside of her .
` ` i like the sight of my seed on you , cassandra , '' he said raggedly in her ear .
he stiffened ever so slightly before his hot seed shot through her fingers .
glancing down , she saw her blood mixed with his seed on her mattress .
acheron ran his thumb over her lower lip where a trace of his seed was left .
he gasped as his warm seed coated his hand and seeped between his fingers and not inside a woman who loved him .
he came inside her on a loud roar , pumping frenetically as he emptied his seed inside her tight flesh .
she 'd stood passive against him - a giving female , the softness to his strength - as he 'd shuddered and spilled his seed upon the leaves ... ... whatever elizabeth saw in his expression made her suck in a breath , her cheeks pinkening .
when he felt her ni**les strain against his palms , he almost lost his seed .
his c**k was engorged with seed , the crown thick with it .
instead , she 'd been desperate to come , working his seed from him without using her mouth or hands .
too much ... gaze locked on her heavy - lidded eyes , he rasped , ` ` you want my seed . ''
daubing a finger in his seed , she gave him a saucy grin .
lothaire 's seed felt as if it scalded her skin , like acid upon her .
far from being disgusted by his seed marking her , she 'd seemed excited by it .
elizabeth had enjoyed watching his seed spill .
my balls are heavy , laden with seed .
he cupped her sex - gods almighty , she had liked sucking him and swallowing his seed .
his seed shot free in waves , pooling beneath him as he licked and licked her orgasms .
take her blood , flood her with seed .
every time he left his seed anywhere but in her , he reminded her of all his many insults .
when he finally released her , she drew away to wash off his seed , her eyes pricking with tears .
she could feel his seed rising , thought she tasted it .
he carelessly wiped away some of his seed marking his chest , then traced between her legs .
breaking his seal and spending his seed at long last .
would thronos not want to empty his lungs as he emptied his seed inside her ?
though she did n't feel seed , his wings rippled around her each time his mighty shaft pulsated .
she could ask him to pull out at the last second , but she doubted a virgin would have the willpower necessary - especially when his instinct would be clamoring for him to break his demon seal and spill his seed .
only for her would he release his seed , only inside of her .
he gave her only a drop or two of seed , but she hungrily drew on him for more .
his body knew exactly who he was claiming , knew it was to spill seed for her womb .
physically , his body was wracked - he labored to ease the pressure and claim his pleasure - but he also needed to give his fated mate his seed , to leave something of himself inside her .
just as he reached a crisis point - when he could n't think past pressure , and wetness , and heat - she broke away to whisper at his ear , ` ` when you feel me coming around you ... give me your seed . ''
as jet after jet of his seed filled her , his muscles tightened all around her , his claws digging into her skin , his wings shuddering .
his roar reverberated within his wings as he bucked furiously against her , grinding back as he started pumping his seed .
ohhh ... '' and felt obligated to say something before he tasted his own seed .
when he thought about how eagerly his lusty mate took his seed with her body , her hands - and yes , her mouth - he could n't prevent the grin that spread over his face .
he sucked on her lips , he drew the life out of her into himself , and felling his seed explode within her , heard her cry out .
at last his seed filled my mouth .
i felt my excitement even on the surface of my skin then , and so it was now , sucking these various organs and being filled with their seed .
holding her shivering body tightly to his , max pumped gently , draining his seed while prolonging her pleasure , absorbing her cries with pure infatuation .
at the last minute he turned from her and began to spill his seed onto the ground .
she raised her face , and somehow she knew he wanted her to meet his eyes , not watch the actual spilling of his seed .
he brushed her aside and stood , rinsing his seed away , staring at the stunning , evil creature still on her spread knees , hands on her thighs as she panted .
he no longer cared if he spilled his seed into his pants .
he groaned toward the ceiling , neck tensed , as his seed began to pump from him .
his shaft was swollen with seed , the pressure visibly paining him .
once his seed descended again , and he was n't in immediate danger of release , she removed her robe .
he dug his heels into the bed to thrust , to shake her hand loose , desperate to lose his seed in any way .
unable to stop himself , he sank into her as far as he could go , grinding against her , yelling out , about to lose his seed right then .
he gave a brutal yell as his seed came .
he could no longer resist the pressure welling inside him , so he took as he gave , drawing her blood from her body as he emptied his seed hotly into it .
he 'd tried to claim his bride , and instead had humiliated himself by losing his seed before he could even enter her .
though he 'd spent his seed till his body felt emptied , his shaft was already hardening before he 'd even gotten a wet towel .
he was already struggling to hold on , his c**k throbbing with seed .
her sheath seemed greedy for his seed .
as soon as she felt his hot seed jetting so strongly within her , ecstasy lit his face .
on the verge , seconds from losing his seed , he bit out , ` ` about to ...
but he left his fangs in her flesh , growling against her damp skin as his seed erupted from his body in mind - numbing waves .
he 'd been so close that he 'd even given up a drop of se**n , which had never happened before , a maddening glimpse of what spilling his seed would feel like .
ride you till you clench for my seed ? ''
suddenly he wanted to bite her , to pump his seed inside her body , marking her as his own .
her sex clenched around his cock , milking it for the seed he could finally give her .
this female with her plump br**sts and sweet lips desired his seed , wanted to mate with him .
a rage demon could take release in sex , but could never spill his seed until he 'd claimed his female , and the seal was finally broken .
pumping his seed into her pale body again and again .
when he arched his back from the astonishing pleasure , she murmured , ` ` only your female can bring forth your seed .
i bet you constantly wonder what it would be like to mount a soft , writhing female and pour your seed into her . ''
he would at last know the feeling of releasing his seed , and would be able to forever after .
he sucked her slick finandshy ; gers , snarling in bliss , his seed palpably climbing .
he felt a savage thrill at the thought of spilling his seed into his woman , the seed he could finally give her .
he felt a savage thrill at the thought of spilling his seed into his woman , the seed he could finally give her .
shoot my seed so deep .
once she 'd gone , he stared down at his still semihard shaft , wincing at the blood and seed .
as rydstrom 's fated mate , sabine was the one female who could bring forth his seed the first time .
with his other hand , he worked his fist up and down his shaft , until it throbbed to release its seed .
as she blinked up at him in bewilderment , he ripped the bottom of his tunic to wipe his seed from her .
he had to make this last , but already his seed was climbing for her .
her body fell limp beneath his , powerless to do more than come for him and accept his hot seed as he marked her .
never to see those blond curls damp from his mouth or wet with his seed ?
` ` fill you with my seed ...
when his seed erupted from him , he yelled to the ceiling .
her sheath began squeezing his throbbing cock , and the power of her orgasm sent his seed climbing .
she grew aroused just recalling how he 'd worked the seed free from his shaft .
he had to squeeze down tight on the head to stop his seed .
at once , he began ejaculating in her fist , the crown of his c**k steaming with hot seed .
the drenched clench of her sex called for his seed , demanding ... ` ` i 'll never get enough of you , never , '' murdoch rasped with his brows drawn .
as he drew her blood , he flooded her with seed .
while he might not miss sex , he damn sure missed the feel of spending hot seed from his body .
her tight sheath nearly robbed him of his seed .
he bel owed when his seed erupted .
gritting his teeth , he somehow kept his seed as she scrubbed him thoroughly .
jet after jet of his scorching seed .
with one last brutal thrust , the throbbing pressure in his c**k gave way , erupting in a searing rush of seed .
` ` he did n't know wearing red meant that he was trying to spread his , uh , seed . ''
he 'd never spilled his seed inside his pants , but he was close to doing so with ava , his sac drawn tight , every inch of him wanting to crawl inside her - and if he could n't , punish him for the lack .
do you think you 'll dislike the taste of my seed ? ''
and maybe his seed really was a drug , an aphrodisiac like she 'd assumed , because knowing they were skin to skin , that there was nothing between them , that he was filling her up , the first man to truly touch her this way , had her coming again .
hot seed jetted from him , the most intense orgasm of his life ripping through him though he 'd never penetrated her .
and then he roared , hot seed jetting inside her .
his hands tightened on her head and hot seed jetted into her mouth , down her throat .
just like that , bride climaxed again , and this time devyn joined her , shaking , jetting hot seed inside her , skin now so bright the room looked swallowed by the sun .
he roared , not even trying to be quiet , his hot seed jetting into her .
you 're the only one worthy of my seed , '' he teased .
just like that , he erupted , her name roaring from his mouth , his hot seed shooting inside her .
and when he spilled his seed inside her , her inner walls clutching him in her own surge of satisfaction , he shouted the words that had been building inside of him since the moment he 'd met her .
hot seed spurted from him and onto the tub .
hot seed spurted inside her , pulsing deep ... so deep ... his muscles tensed .
with a roar , he spilled his hot seed into her mouth .
he roared her name as the climax ripped through him , shooting hot seed into her mouth .
he tensed , hot seed shooting from his shaft and onto the ropes of his stomach .
he roared loud and long , his muscles contracting , hot seed jetting from him and blending with his blood .
a shocked , blissful roar burst from his lips , hot seed jetting from him .
her nails dug into him , and he followed her right over the edge , roaring her name , seed jetting in a hot flow .
she could taste his seed .
shouldn't- '' then he was kissing her again , his tongue plunging , hot seed spurting onto her stomach , his body quaking and hers erupting again just from the thought of his pleasure .
he 'd pump inside her , spill his seed , deep and hot , and- again hear her tell you it was okay .
a release so complete he did n't care that he was jetting seed all over her stomach .
he 'd already soiled her , he 'd decided , by spilling his seed on her belly .
with a scream , she erupted , and as those lush inner walls gripped him , aeron hurtled over the edge himself , hot seed jetting inside her .
had to spurt his seed inside her .
mine , he thought , and then he , too , was hurtling over the edge , jetting hot seed onto her stomach .
his gaze was too busy drinking her in , and yeah , he liked the thought of his seed on her .
soon he was shaking as well , roaring again , louder this time , and warm seed was jetting onto her stomach .
she twirled her tongue around his slit , tasting the saltiness of his seed , then bore down , taking him all the way inside .
but she never loosened her hold , never let him create a necessary friction , and no seed emerged .
gideon , too , climaxed instantly , shouting her name , jetting hot seed inside her .
she clutched at him , practically jerking the seed out of him in the next instant .
he erupted , hot seed jetting onto his stomach .
she claimed him wildly , wantonly , as if she could n't live another moment without his seed ; soon he was helpless to do anything but let her have every drop .
he bucked up as she slammed down , and that seed rose up his length and exploded from him .
he , too , broke , her body practically ripping the seed out of him , the hot jets shooting inside her .
and like that , paris erupted , the orgasm churning in his spine , shooting through his sac , up his erection and into her , pumping his seed straight into her body .
it was one female after another , their hands and mouths everywhere , as they tried to steal my seed .
he roared her name as his seed jetted into her mouth .
only the worry that she 'd feel used kept him from letting go and spurting his seed all over her fingers .
sensation sizzled through their connection as his balls drew up close and his seed pumped deep within her trembling body .
in reality , my father was a phantom who bent my mother over at a truck stop and inseminated her with a rush of seed in a heated exchange of lust that could only be classified as primal and dirty .
or worse , demetri implanted her with his demonic seed without her knowing .
oh , god , stace ... '' and suddenly he 's brutally gripping my hips again and pushing inside me , as hard and as deep as he can , and i feel him spill his seed inside me .
he fought the cl**ax that threatened to explode so he could take in her beautiful face awash with pleasure , the vision of her hair all over the sheets , the feel of her arms and legs gripping him tight , the brilliant torture of her sex spasming around his driving c**k then he could n't fight it anymore and through five , deep , hard strokes he poured his seed inside his wife .
he was n't shoving me face first into the bed and taking me from behind like i was nothing but a warm vessel to receive his seed .
gods willing , he will live to gather his own bounty and spill his seed in his wife to guarantee the future of the horde , as i have done and my father did before me .
` ` you have rare beauty the like i have never seen but you will be more beautiful heavy with my seed , '' he stated softly .
it is akin to straddling him but also is a ceremonial offering from warrior to horse on the night a warrior lets in the new most important being in his life , as , while straddling his horse , his new bride will leak his seed which , i think you both have come to understand , is vital to any warrior .
` ` i claim the dax , '' dortak shot back , ` ` the first thing i do is thrust my c**k into the yellow one , spilling my seed until it leaks out of every orifice in her body . ''
while i was driving it inside her last night , my queen gasped that she loved my c**k right before i planted my seed in her womb , seed that might make a warrior , seed that 's already more warrior than you . ''
then he murmured in a deeper than normal voice , ` ` my tigress , you sit astride me leaking my seed in my lap , you do not have to call my name . ''
i was steadfastly ignoring the fact that i was having unprotected sex , repeatedly , with a very virile man whose ` ` seed '' was probably as virile as he was .
and he shares it as you sleep underneath me , my seed leaking from between your legs .
lahn again did n't look at me when he turned back to his warriors and kept thundering , ` ` my seed has been planted in her womb and she carries my child .
` ` i will not spend my seed on your skin . ''
he wiped up his seed and tossed the cloth aside .
when he did , his seed mingled with her juices glided from her , drifting between the juncture of his thighs , their essence mixed , the most intimate parts of them joined , he stared at the ceiling thinking he 'd never felt anything sweeter .
` ` i want you to take my seed down your throat , '' he commanded , and at his words , another rush of wetness saturated my sex .
* * * * * later , i remembered brunskar because i 'd cl**axed , so had apollo , his ` ` seed '' was seeping out of me and his hand was smoothing over my hip when he murmured , ` ` brunskar . ''
thus , he shot his seed inside her on a grunt followed by a low rumbling groan that shook through him .
he rubbed his ` ` seed '' into my delightfully sore ass and i closed my eyes , my thighs quivering as the intimacy of that , the sexiness poured over me making me warm and hot again , all at once .
and when you cl**ax , it spasms , milking me of my seed in a way i like very much . ''
` ` i could easily slice her from gut to chin and kill the spawn of your seed within her . ''
i intended to find another woman to carry my seed . ''
unable to deny temptation , she wrapped her fingers around his shaft , exploring down to the heavy testicles before slowly skimming back up to find the broad tip that was already damp with his seed .
he did n't mind a predatory woman , but he did draw the line at offering his seed to a woman who shared her bed with a dozen men .
the sensation was enough to catapult him over the edge , and tilting back his head , salvatore roared in pleasure , allowing his seed to pour deep inside her .
at the same time , caine gave a shout of joy as he pumped his erection in her hand , the warm spray of his seed covering her stomach .
unfortunately , however , the sad truth was that he had absolutely no interest in placing his seed within her like that - ever .
he gave an animalistic growl , as if he were laying claim , closed his eyes and let go , willingly spilling his seed inside her .
` ` as every man spills his seed inside you , the marriage is consummated and you 'll be made holy like ethan , bride to the whole church . ''
maybe he was thinking about the fact that his lover would be the first to ` ` spill his seed '' into the vessel ` ` god had prepared . ''
i felt her milk my dick as she came again , and i let myself go with a long yell , spilling my seed into the condom and bucking my hips , drawing out as much of the pleasure as i could .
when i lift her into my arms , bracing one of her legs on either side of my waist , the hot juice of her orgasm mixed with my seed seeps out of her and wets my groin .
i want everyone to know my seed is inside of you . ''
he shouted her name and spilled his seed , his hips still pistoned madly , wringing the last drop of pleasure from both of them .
my hot seed jets into her , and she throws back her head and clamps down again , a second climax chasing my own .
when her muscles compressed around him , massaging his cock , he let out a hoarse cry , spilling his seed inside her .
i ' ve felt your seed pouring into my body .
it spilled into her , through her , over her just as his seed spilled deeply into her body .
she drank him down as graham spilled his seed , knowing he had to have this woman forever .
` ` you reek of sex and his seed .
graham slammed into her one last time , groaning , his seed scalding inside her .
he gathered her hard against him , feeling his seed build in its need to reach her .
he felt his seed go and felt her take it , heard his own shouts drowned in hers and another , final victory roar from the arena .
deni still felt the ache of their rough lovemaking , and knew she carried his seed inside her .
jace lost his seed into her , pumping his hips while she laughed to the stars .
ellison wanted to hold on , to drive into her in his growing frenzy , to spill his seed and slake his need .
he 'd spill his seed soon .
` ` feel my seed , '' he almost snarled .
` ` take my seed .
spike was back inside her right after that , his face softening as he felt her , eyes staying dark , beautiful brown , mouth finding hers as he spilled his seed .
steven groaned as he lost his seed for the second time .
` ` feel my seed , kim , '' he whispered .
liam held her tightly as he came , his seed scalding , his mouth hard on hers .
she felt his seed as he groaned with it , and she hoped against hope that this time , she 'd conceive .
liam pumped into her for a few more minutes , then dragged in a breath and filled her with his hot seed .
his seed sped out of him to be swallowed by the heat of her sheath , but still he went on , thrusting again and again inside her .
he 'd spilled his seed but was hard again , ready , still inside where she could squeeze him .
his seed scalded her even as she hit her own climax .
she wanted his seed .
` ` i want my seed on you , '' he said savagely .
his eyes flicked to shifter as his head rocked back , and his seed shot out to land , scalding , all over iona 's hand and her bared belly .
she held six feet six of shuddering male in her arms , his skin slick with sweat as his hot seed roped over her fingers .
eric 's body relaxed even more as he thought of how she 'd touched him in wonder , then the erotic pulse of his coming , his basic need to mark her with his seed .
she 'd been shown that when she 'd held eric last night , the pulses of his seed spilling over her hands .
iona 's little moan of pleasure almost had him spilling his seed .
she wanted all of him , he knew , his c**k filling her up , the shifter female craving the male 's seed .
a shout tore from his lips as eric 's seed shot into her , her cry echoing his .
he groaned low in his throat , and she felt his seed scalding her , filling her up , heady heat and pleasure .
the afternoon sun had reached its highest point by the time eric hit his climax , spilling his seed in her while iona bit and licked his shoulder .
as she hit the top of the highest wave , shouting his name in pleasure , carly felt tiger 's seed flood inside her .
he continued to rock into her , and she was crying out in joy by the time he spilled his seed .
the slight pain as she began to suckle made him want to spill his seed .
i felt him shudder , felt the pulsing inside him , and then suddenly he let out a loud groan and filled my mouth with his seed .
` ` when i took your seed inside my mouth , it was the first time i 'd ever done that .
his seed spilled all over her hand and his , wet and scalding hot .
his seed burst out of him into her , and then they were twined together , arms and legs , lips and tongues .
she felt him move in little pulses , and then his warm seed spilled into her mouth .
when he spilled his seed all over her hand , he gathered her into his arms and kissed her until she could n't breathe , think , or worry about anything but dissolving into his warmth .
nature , damnably controlling , wanted him to bury his seed deep inside her .
he yanked a handkerchief from the coat behind him , wrapped it around his hardness , and spilled his seed into the innocent cloth .
not until he knew he was hardening again for the next round , did cameron realize he 'd spilled his seed inside her .
he shouted out loud as his seed spilled from his body , and he did n't want to stop when she demurely pulled away and wiped her lips with her fingertips .
the astonishing feeling of her around him made him drop his seed before he was ready .
hart 's words were lost in his groan as he pushed up into her , holding her , and let go of his seed .
crazed with need , elliot took one , two , three strokes inside her , before his seed released , and his shouts mixed with hers .
he pulled juliana to him as soon as he spilled his seed into her , and wrapped his arms around her , holding her as she clung to him .
she smiled at her questions - what will i do in the time between that and when he spills his seed ?
by the time daniel had spent his seed , they were curled together on the narrow confines of the sofa .
he made a harsh ahh sound as his eyes closed , and he lost his seed into her .
he wanted to bury his seed deep inside her , but even more than that , he wanted to feel the sweet clamp of her orgasm around him again .
she took away his will and replaced it with raging need , turning him from a controlled sexual connoisseur into a feverish greenhorn who could barely hold his seed .
he would go to her tonight and plant his seed within her .
if there was any mercy in the world , his seed would take root and he could leave here , leave her .
god willing , his seed would soon find fertile ground and he could seek the solitude he craved .
but as the weeks passed into months , he found himself hoping his seed would not take root within her womb .
she could not put aside her fear that , once he knew his seed was growing within her , he would no longer have need of her .
now , looking at her , he found himself wanting to spend his life with her , to plant his seed within her , to watch her womb swell with new life .
his first reaction was that he did n't like the idea of savanah carrying another man 's seed , but when he thought it out , he realized he was being foolish .
i waited for him to turn around and see me , to see me and leap down from the hayloft , his eyes burning hot and wild , his blood racing throughout his body and concentrating into one big , thick , hard , throbbing missile of seed .
i felt his hot seed pouring out , and i held on as i milked every last drop from his shaft .
with one last hard thrust , he began to come , his hot seed spraying my inner walls , and i moaned .
i felt his seed spill into me .
his hot seed spilled inside me , and my body gulped it in like i was a dying man in need of a drink .
the feeling of her tight , warm walls clenching around me was almost enough to get me to spill my seed .
the joy of feeling his seed spill inside me was like nothing i 'd ever known .
i actually felt his hot seed pump into me , and it almost brought forward another climax .
i followed right behind her as i spilled my seed .
pleasure streaked and he roared as each pump of his seed left his body .
he spent every last drop his body had made for her , the body pretending to be jose , but his seed belonged to him , could n't belong to anyone else , and that 's what he put inside her .
she felt his seed and her wetness begin to spill out of her .
he spilled his seed but did n't slow .
a third orgasm pounded on her , rushing through her as he jerked inside her and pumped and jerked and filled her with his seed .
at the same time she felt antony 's pleasure , the pull of her well along his pulsing cock , the extreme pleasure of his orgasm as he once more spent his seed , the heady rush through his abdomen , chest , and head , pleasure upon pleasure .
if this had been a wet dream , he would have been covered in his seed .
this was a man 's essence , his seed .
that absurd imperative had swamped him , screaming at him to get inside her , to release his seed into her , to take her blood , to penetrate her mind , all at the same time , to make her his , now and forever .
she moaned at the same time , and he could feel the grip of her core pulling at him as he spent his seed .
she screamed again and then his mouth was on hers as he pumped the last few bits of his seed into her , his harsh breaths battling her own deep pants .
she felt the faint bump on her groin again , then her hand went between her legs and she felt his seed .
but he knew , he knew , that havily was what he needed right now , her honeysuckle scent in his nose and her body taking him deep inside until he released his seed .
marcus groaned as he released his seed , his body writhing as his ejaculation continued on and on , his groans harsher , his throat releasing a series of anguished cries until finally he was spent .
by the time he had released the last of his seed she was panting hard and he was gasping for air .
she wanted to be the rain , to cover him with moisture , to bring life to his seed .
she was so tight around him that she felt every sensation as he slammed into her core then jettisoned his seed into her .
she felt the path of his seed and now in her mind she could see a golden trail .
he cried out as he filled her with his seed .
how had quinlan done this to her in just a few short weeks , or maybe just overnight because he 'd filled her with his seed and pierced her personal frequency , taking her hard , bringing her to the brilliant flash of ecstasy over and over .
he wanted to pump his seed inside her , nowhere else , at least not right now .
he 'd been inside her , branded her with his seed , made her his even if they had n't completed the joining that would mark her permanently .
` ` enjoy spreading your seed with abandon . ''
i reached my peak as his hot seed exploded inside of me , our bodies , our lives , sinfully and passionately entwined .
one rogue seed spurted between her fingers and spiraled to the carpet .
apollo bent to kiss her shoulder and then took a corner of the sheet to tenderly wipe his seed off her belly and thighs .
he shuddered , like a horse at the point of collapse , his head thrown back , his strong throat working , and she watched his face as he thrust into her one last time , holding himself deep within her as she felt the hot spill of his seed .
she leaned forward and delicately licked the salt sweat from his lips as his seed flooded her .
he spilled his seed .
his seed .
he stiffened behind her , his hips still working , even as his hot seed filled her , as if he did n't want to stop .
his cock was buried deep and she swore she felt the pulsations , the searing heat of his seed , filling her to the brim .
his seed still seeped from inside her , uselessly , but then that was nothing new .
he 'd poured his soul along with his seed into her .
he jerked against her , his finger pressed hard against her as his cock slammed all the way into her passage , and he simply held himself there , twitching , as his seed flooded her .
he 'd need to press his palm on her belly to hold her , but still she 'd scream- his crisis hit him hard and fast , making him groan as he spilled his seed on the floor .
even then he did n't stop but kept humping her as he filled her with his seed .
and he convulsed above her , shuddering as he flooded her with his seed .
his foreskin was already pulled back by the swelling of his cock , and his seed gleamed between his fingers .
she could continue this , sucking him until he lost control and spewed his seed into her mouth .
but his body had to speed up , the imperative to plant his seed overtaking the luxury of a slow coupling .
he shook his head , his teeth clenched , his body rigid , and she felt the hot wash of his seed into her body .
so ` ` 3 '' > right now , though , she deliberately licked her lips , tasting his seed , and said , ` ` i want to . ''
his seed flooded her , warm and alive .
ride me until i fill you with my seed . ''
and she looked up in time to see him grit his teeth and tremble , undone as much as she , as he released his seed within her .
she could feel the heat of his seed flooding within her .
she thought it was his seed , but when she looked , it proved to be a more familiar stain .
the explosion , when it came , was mind - numbing , her body clamping down hard on his , gripping with surprising strength , rippling around him , squeezing and grasping greedily , so that his seed jetted deep into her .
he flooded her body with jet after jet of his hot seed with her orgasm pulsing around him , still gripping hard and milking the last drop from him .
he emptied himself into her , pouring out his heart and soul along with his seed .
just as she thought she 'd hit the peak and the rolling ecstasy was subsiding , her body gripped his even harder and hot seed splashed deep , triggering another , even more powerful inferno that engulfed her completely , sweeping her body into a frenzy of flames so that she writhed , so that strangled cries emerged .
he felt the boiling in his balls , the rise of his ejaculation , jet after jet of hot seed , the hot release milked out of him by her strangling grip .
she felt the hot splash of his seed deep inside , but instead of his hoarse cry , she felt his mouth at her ear , his lips moving , small , soft brushes against her lobe .
this was the moment , this tightening of her body to the point of pain around his cock , strangling , gripping , drawing thick jets of seed from him so that ecstasy tore through him , taking him soaring .
he collapsed over her , his hair damp , a fine sheen of sweat glistening over his skin while the aftershocks rippled and danced around him , her muscles tightening and releasing , taking the last of his seed from his body .
he felt her body dragging the hot seed out of him , filling her while she pulsed around him .
she screamed , her body imploding around his , melting and gripping his with fierce need until he emptied himself into her , filling her with hot seed , collapsing over the top of her , a little shocked at the fury of his body taking hers when he thought of her as fragile .
he could see her thighs wet with his seed .
she screamed and her body pulsed and clamped down , ripping his seed from him , suckling so strongly the sensation washed up his spine and nearly exploded out his skull .
jet after jet of hot seed soaked deep , triggering more violent ripples around him .
his seed had been smeared all over her face and on her protesting lips at the very moment she 'd understood he would have her life too .
very gently , using a soft cloth , he washed the blood and seed from between her legs .
a soft curse tore from him as he slipped deeper , as her throat constricted tightly around him , milking at him until his seed boiled up hot and vicious .
gator could barely get the words out , his body tightening , the explosion rocketing through him as he emptied his seed deep inside of her .
and then he was pouring his seed into her , hot and strong and deep .
he heard his own hoarse cry blending with hers as jet after jet of hot seed filled her .
her body gripped his so tightly that she heard his roar of release and felt the hot spurts of seed filling her .
he let his head fall back as she milked him , drawing his seed out in long , rocketing spurts while her orgasm roared through her , tearing through her core in vicious waves that ripped through her stomach to her breasts .
she enjoyed standing there , his seed running down her thighs while his hands massaged her buttocks .
then he was gripping her even tighter while he roared again , his seed spurting hard over and over .
her body accepted every last drop of his seed .
the warm gush of his seed filled her and god help her , she peaked again .
the change of angle brought on a small burst of his seed .
unable to talk while his body rocked with hers , his c**k found the back of her womb , making it want his seed .
why did he fill her with his seed knowing damn well the chances of it taking root and bearing his child was high ?
fin 's eager thrusts lasted only seconds longer until she felt his heated seed flow deep inside her .
his mouth gaped and his arms held her close as his seed filled her .
if he slid home now , he 'd hardly be able to control his seed from spilling .
` ` todd , '' she cried as her frame stilled under his and her body clenched around him , gripping his seed from deep within to explode along with her .
needing no further encouragement , he joined her mind , body and soul , his seed spilling deep inside her womb .
he throws his head back and groans and i feel his hot seed pouring into me , completely filling me and then he falls limply to the side .
he barely remembered to pull free of that hot , sleek place just before his seed spilled , twisting his hips away as he released her neck .
he 'd just pumped his seed into her , just drained his c**k dry , but now he wanted to f**k her again .
colin came , pumping into her , shuddering , and spilling his seed in the hot depths of her body .
she 'd taken his blood and his seed .
the man likes to spread his seed around . ''
the desire to rub it in and keep my seed on her was strong .
he had spilled his seed in his sleep more than once while dreaming , an occurrence that left him faintly shamed and uneasy in mind .
she tasted faintly sweet , of her own musk and a trace of blandness with an animal tang that he recognized as his own seed .
i could see the moment when my ... seed ... reached her ovum .
i pull my lips up and then back down , fucking him with my mouth , hard and fast , and he comes again , and this time i taste it , a thick hot wash of come in my mouth , and he comes a third time , and i ' ve got to swallow before the next wave surges out of him , and i ' m bobbing and stroking him with my tongue , feeling spurt after spurt of seed explode out of him , until i ' m sucking it from him and he 's groaning and stroking my head and feathering my hair away from my face .
he groans wordlessly as his dick twitches in my hand and then another stream leaves him and sloshes onto my chest and down between my tits , and i angle my torso so his seed spills in dripping rivulets on each of my tits and over my nipples and down my stomach and he 's watching with heavy - lidded eyes .
i could n't let my seed go to waste on the bottom of the shower floor .
billie moved atop her , feeding his seed inside her day after day .
her new husband , a man with few teeth whose name was leroy tuttle , had forced his way with her , hoping to replenish his seed inside her body whether or not she agreed to it , which she did by lying and saying she loved leroy and wanted his children inside her .
big as he was , their lovemaking was surprisingly gentle but even so he took her to orgasm very quickly , then emptied his seed deep within her .
at the end he groaned , thrust upward as far as he could go , and his eyes turned all black as his seed flooded her .
blindness was right his seed could provide unstoppable storm troopers for the great ritual of sacrifice that was to come finally the great lizard stared into the distance , mouth open , and gave one last powerful thrust that threatened to drive her pelvis up into her spine .
he felt the release coming , and pulled her hard against him as he began to fill her with his seed , kissing her hard as she joined him in passion , feeling him flowing into her , knowing that this would result in a child .
he filled her with his seed as she orgasmed a second time , then lay , her arms wrapped around him , sated , filled , and more at rest than before the terror of the vortex flight .
when he delivered his holy seed to a whore , he would be bringing her closer to god .
her brother had shot his vile seed into her , and now what if she became pregnant with his bastard child ?
you know jab el , i think after i have sex with her , ill strap her down and put peanut on her groin and let the rats eat her and my seed at the same time .
that s not a bad meal for a rat , feminine flesh filled with my seed .
jab - el wondered if she would be just as willing tonight , when he deposited his seed in her .
the helicopter seeds look and smell like pine .
deep inside her body , his c*ck jerked and pulsed and he spilled white - hot seed in her depths .
without thinking , he shifted his weight off her , pulling his c*ck free with a pang of disappointment and a slide of wet seed as he rolled to his side .
hot seed pulsed from his cock , coating the inside of her p**sy as he emptied his balls into her .
he lay on the sofa downstairs , covered by a crumpled blanket , and masturbated into his underpants , his hot seed spurting across his stomach .
she could feel his seed within her .
and if his seed quickened , she expected he would see to the child 's needs .
he bit at her throat , hard , in the moment of his pleasure , and when he lifted her off , his seed filled her and trickled down the inside of her thighs .
` ` home , '' she whispered as he entered her and filled her with his seed , but suddenly the stars were gone , and across the blue sky swept the great wings , and the world took flame . ` `
his climax came on him sudden as a storm , and he filled the girl 's mouth with his seed .
` ` i spill my seed on her belly , my lord . ''
` ` jon snow , '' she told him , when he 'd spent his seed inside her , ` ` do n't move now , sweet .
he could feel cersei 's heart beating in time with his own , and the wetness of blood and seed where they were joined .
as she did , her fingers found his ni**les , pinching till he spent his seed within her .
i spill their blood upon the sea and sow their screaming women with my seed .
` ` never spilled my seed in ... in her ... '' ` ` ...
usually he rolled off and went to sleep as soon as it was done , and was snoring before his seed could dry upon her thighs .
his caresses had been clumsy , his kisses nervous , and the first time they were abed together he spent his seed on her thigh as she was guiding him inside her with her hand .
he asked , as he watched his seed dribble out of her onto the bed .
he f**ked her till she screamed , and then again until she wept , before he finally spent his seed inside her womb .
he was all but promising me the world by the time his seed burst from him and filled my mouth .
i looked up with his seed still all over my face and realized half the people in the house including the female wolf were starting at us .
do nt feel guilty for leaving me here to marry a complete stranger who wants nothing more than to see my stomach swollen with his seed .
she was nothing more to him than a bottomless hole in which he could pour his empty seed .
oh , yeah , she s milking my seed .
peter had nt admitted to the man he knew only as mr . x his real reason for the endeavor : because i want to sow my seed with enslaved and tortured black females instead , he had been much more scientific in his approach .
he had placed his seed within her so now it was not just himself but the new life he had created which lived on in her .
then she felt the man push himself deep inside her and his pubis slammed against her buttocks and he ground himself against her and emptied his seed deep inside her .
he had heard that could happen from spilling his seed on the ground .
ok , i certainly would nt be surprised if gladstone had spread his seed around .
alexandra hurled herself into the deed with full frenzy , drawing his seed as if drawing blood from his veins , raking her nails into his flesh to join the pleasure with pain .
she could still feel the man 's filthy hands on her breasts , his revolting , rapist 's seed on her face , in her mouth .
but when she broke the news that she was pregnant , he disappeared , leaving dolores with the curse of his seed .
then , with a raw groan that drew her gaze back to the sight , his seed came , pumping out into the shower .
` ` ah , god , yes , '' he yelled , then returned to his bite ... she did feel him ejaculate , forcefully , pumping his seed so hotly inside her .
when he followed , yelling out , his seed shot from him , pumping into her ... hot ... relentless .
he gritted his teeth and let out a sharp roar as his seed exploded out of him and deep into her .
lord , in a few moments she had him in such a state he was like to spill his seed right on his belly as though this were a wet dream when he was fourteen .
his seed pulsed into her , on and on , stripping him of all his fluids .
but as the shudders of completion ripped through us both , and the warmth of his seed flooded deep inside , a tiny part of me wished i was with another .
molten heat coiled around him like a volcano , and he was crying out , his seed spilling into her , his body going up in her flames .
he could feel every muscle in his body taut and ready , waiting , waiting , the perfect moment with her body clenching around his , taking his seed from him as he surged into her again and again , a torrent of color and beauty and miraculous pleasure .
his body 's seed spilling triggered a ravenous , sensual hunger , the beast in him totally aroused .
she had the taste of him in her mouth , the smell of him on her body , his seed trickling along her leg , and they were still locked together , her body clenching sensuously , hotly , around his .
he matched her movements deliberately , felt her take his blood , his seed , the essence of life into her body .
she loved touching him and tasting him and drawing out every drop of his seed just to see how fast she could bring him back to a fever pitch .
his body shattered , from his toes to his head , burst into flames as jet after jet of seed was drawn from him .
her sheath gripped him , milking insistently so that he erupted into a torrent of passion , spilling his seed deep within her .
he was so hard and thick , swollen with his seed and the fury of the fire between them , that her body seemed to be exploding , shock after shock ripping through her as if it would never cease , could never cease .
his hips thrust again and again , burying him deep as he poured his seed into her , as he took the essence of her life from her throat .
he poured his seed into her , his hoarse cry mingling with hers .
the climax continued , a brutal hot release that tore through his body , so that he plunged into her tight depths repeatedly , flooding her with his seed .
she felt him exploding , jetting into her with his seed , hot spasms that had a guttural sound tearing from his throat .
her body refused to go alone , gripping and milking the seed from him so that he thrust helplessly , spilling the essence of life deep inside her .
she was naked , blood and seed seeping from between her legs , her beautiful eyes glazed with shock .
her mouth moved as he had commanded ; her hot sheath , slick and velvet soft , tightened in demand , squeezing and kneading until his body clenched and thrust helplessly , mindlessly , aggressively into hers , spilling his seed deep within her , claiming her for all time .
he erupted into her , over and over , a volcano of molten seed , of burning fire , and the terrible darkness that haunted his soul .
her body rippled with her release , driving him over the edge so that his hot seed erupted again and again into her depths .
he felt her body convulse around his , grip his , squeeze tighter and tighter until he was pouring his hot seed into her , filling her mind and body , her veins , with his life .
she was slick with his seed , her tongue closing the pinpricks over his heart , her body so exhausted that she could n't move .
she took him with her over the edge , her muscles clamping around his thick erection and dragging every last drop of his seed out of him .
his body was shuddering , spilling his seed deep within her .
blood and seed trickled down her leg , and he sought inside himself to remember his taking of her innocence .
she looked like she 'd been thoroughly made love to , but he wanted to see his seed running down the inside of her thighs .
he will spill his seed in her .
impossibly , he felt his erection grow , locking down inside of her as his balls drew up and hot seed jetted into her depths .
he looked at the mixture of his seed and her cream glistening on her thighs and the intriguing v of curls at the junction of her legs .
she wept with the force of her release , the beauty and wonder of it , as she felt her body take his , forcing him with her , hearing his hoarse shout as his hot seed emptied into her .
he felt the first ripple , strong - like a quake - ripping through her from breasts to sheath so she clamped down on him , dragging his seed from him .
jet after jet of hot seed poured out until he was drained and empty , her delicious screams echoing around him .
he could n't stop his hips from moving , could n't stop his seed from its want to boil over , his release on the verge of exploding .
lucan turned his face away from the temptation of gabrielle 's fast - ticking vein as his seed flooded her and she went very still against him .
the hot rush of his seed flooded her , and she came with him , panting and mewling as her body detonated around him , her senses shattering into a million glittering pieces .
as he gathered her close and felt the hot rush of his seed erupting deep within her , hunter knew a bliss that eclipsed everything else .
slowly , he turned his hand over to see his seed glistening there .
with this first hint of seed , he would believe she was his demon mate .
the instinctive drive to plant his seed - the seed she 'd brought forth - was overwhelming him .
though he had n't released his seed , the orgasm had been mind - boggling .
soon his shaft would be buried in her secret flesh , pumping his seed deep inside her wetness .
his seed was rising , feeling like it would erupt against his will .
he bit back a groan when she lapped up that hint of the seed .
no way to tell her what being inside her would mean to him , the trust he would bestow when he gave up his seed .
if he 'd claimed her that last day , his seed could have been ` ` uickening inside her right now .
' t was one thing to know that she 'd been with another male , but this reminder that one had planted his seed within her was too much .
she began rubbing the head , up and down the slit , coaxing until it gave up drops of seed for her .
for four hundred years he 'd waited to ejaculate , to offer his seed to another .
now that he was to give her his seed , he noticed the way her sex milked his cock , demanding its due .
just as the tension left her body , he groaned , emptying the last of his seed .
he could n't hold back , feeling the wild rush of his seed shooting through him , filling her .
he came on a roar , hips bucking wildly , unable to stop even after the last of his seed had poured out of him .
with mira 's orgasm still crashing over him , kellan came too , shouting with the ferocity of it as his seed blasted out of him , scalding and ferocious .
he came with me , but still he pounded into me , as if determined to ensure that every last drop of his seed spilled into me eventually , he collapsed and rolled to one side .
his orgasm hit , his body jerking and thrusting as his seed spilled out across my hand .
he nearly spilled his seed just then .
` ` i want my seed marking your soft flesh , '' he bit out between gritted teeth .
` ` i want my seed on you , my scent on you .
as she gazed up to gauge his reaction - utter bliss - she tasted the delectable bite of his seed .
if hints of seed were making her feel like this , she could n't imagine what his orgasm would do to her .
can you feel my seed rising up my cock ? ''
his legs quaked around her ears as that bulge of seed in his shaft climbed all the way to the top .
in each nightmare , he powerlessly surrendered something - his seed , his lifeblood , even his f**king heart .
somehow , just before he ejaculated , will exerted control for just long enough to prevent that claim- a roar burst from his lungs as his seed jetted out of his cock , torrents so powerful that even the beast shuddered in awe .
when i came , you see , your last greedy pull harkened back to a time when my seed was taken by one of your ilk .
with ruelle , he 'd surrendered his seed , fully aware that she would have it from him whether he wanted to give it or not .
between deep licks at her entrance , he said , ` ` my seed 's going right in there .
he roared as streams of hot seed shot into her .
if he did n't spill his seed inside her soon , he 'd perish .
he wanted to fill her with his seed .
and as the shudders of completion ripped through us both , and the warmth of his seed flooded deep inside , i found myself wishing that this wolf was fertile , that he and i could make a child .
as his body convulsed and his seed poured into me , my orgasm hit .
his seed boiled up , and he shuddered as a trickle of hot liquid spurted into her body .
he plunged deep , felt the rush of hot seed jetting up his shaft , erupting from him in a gushing wave as elise 's sex milked him like a hot , wet fist .
as his body went rigid she felt his c*ck swell within her , pumping his seed deep within her .
when she ground against his shaft , nearly robbing him of his seed , he hastily tucked her beneath him .
he ground against her , struggling to hold his seed .
as his semen spurted before her dazed eyes , he buried his face in her hair , groaning deeply , grinding his shaft into her fist as arc after arc of seed poured from him ... .
he was quaking with anticipation , fearing he 'd spontaneously lose his seed .
still gazing up at him , she sucked it deeper , with her little cheeks hollowing - no , no ... canna hold my seed !
as he ejaculated , her body quivered with each drop of his hot seed .
gritting his teeth to keep his seed , he thrust up again , harder .
she could feel his spurting seed , his shaft pulsing with each forceful wave .
because the last time i 'd felt anything like this , he 'd been kidnapped and milked for his seed .
he went taut with the force of it and plunged as far as she could take him , burying his face in her shoulder and giving a hoarse shout of release as his seed exploded from him in a heated , liquid rush .
take him deep , making him give up his rich blood and hot seed to her body at the same time .
fifteen seconds later she heard his incredulous , guttural curse against her ear , felt his futile resistance and the vibration of his harsh groan as his seed spilled , dampening his jeans against her hand .
it was an agonizingly sweet pleasure , the sensation of blood and seed entering her from different points .
his hot seed jetted over her wrist and arm , even the front of her shirt , the warmth contrasting with the cold shower of water .
if he has to arouse himself enough to fuck a man , shoot his seed into him , that 's a whole other level of self - discovery . ` `
she nodded , then started as jacob lifted a cloth napkin , pressed it between her legs just as his seed began to tumble from her , keeping it from traveling down her legs .
he came as she was riding the second crest , and it pushed her onto the wildly rocking sea of a third , her cunt spasming , her clit so sensitive she screamed when his testicles slapped against it over and over , as he shot his seed into her .
with a sound of fierce triumph , he shot his seed into her , his powerful shoulders flexing under her hands , his head pressing down against her sternum .
and because she felt the truth of that flood her with the power of his jetting seed , she felt her heart ease as well .
cas gave a deep bellow , his mighty body jerking as jet after jet of his seed erupted .
though much was foggy , three things had been etched into her mind : the pleasure of his mouth on her br**sts , the new and wondrous feel of his shaft , and the scalding heat of his seed .
at the idea of piercing one little mound , he nearly lost his seed , but he refused to repeat his shame from their first night together .
when he took her luscious scent into him , he felt the beginning tremors in the base of his shaft , seed rising against his will .
he struggled to draw them out , withholding his seed from her .
she replayed feeling his hot seed on her hand - and watching it arc thickly over his torso .
her ass grinding over his aching shaft nearly robbed him of his seed .
keep your seed , keep your seed , trehan 's mind chanted .
the pressure of his rising seed mounted ; his muscles tensed in readiness , his mind blanking .
jetting hard , he bathed her inside with his seed as he heard his brother bellow in the grasp of a climax just as intense .
` ` wherever we 're going , i want to know that my seed is sticky between your thighs .
and with the release of his seed came a wave of strength .
his body , his mouth , his desire , his seed , perhaps even his soul - because he wanted to give her even more .
with a deafening roar , he climaxed , hot seed pouring from his cock and straight into the water .
he shouted with his release , spurting his seed straight to her core .
that was how a man spilled his seed inside a woman .
the rising seed in his shaft made it throb for relief .
with his free hand , he enclosed hers in a fist , pumping their hands hard , rasping , ` ` i canna hold my seed , mari . ''
` ` only if you want to see a man instantaneously spill his seed . ''
with just his cock head inside her , he pumped hot within her , shuddering with ecstasy to be filling her with his seed .
i rose up on my elbows so as not to hurt her with my weight , and looking down at her , i felt the seed explode inside her .
i slammed against her , harshly , over and over , feeling the seed spill again , the sight of her red face filling me with an all - too - human sense of power .
this sublime gesture , this maidenly gesture , this sweet gesture stripped me of the very last control i ever possessed in this or any other body , and i shot forth my seed for the third time , groaning aloud .
his seed is now in her body and it can stay alive in there for up to five days .
she had resented her role , loathed being restrained , despised him , and yet pulled him into her bed ; and when they f**ked , she drained him so completely , he felt blissfully empty , as if he had poured not only his seed , but his pain into her .
it was like being impaled with a spear and i could have sworn i tasted him at the back of my throat as he came , every white - hot burst of his c*ck spilling millions of his seed , marking his territory , making me his in a way no man ever had - or ever would again .
something connected in my brain , the thought of all that male seed locked up inside him , waiting to gush out .
my jaw was pleasantly sore but i felt cheated that i had n't tasted his come and felt the hot jets of his seed wash over my tongue .
farfalee can wear her hair long and just not roll it up over her seed . ''
cupping his hand against the back of her neck , he caught her seed as it came free .
` ` my seed went bad , '' he said evenly , rubbing the back of his neck .
` ` most of my seed already fell off .
is it one of them big ole haulin trucks that i ve seed on the highway ?
i never wanted it again so i submitted to his power the next year i found he made me pregnant and i vowed to not allow any more mean children come from his seed .
meekas body slacked as waves and waves of rolling orgasm accepted his seed .
his roar erupted as she clenched tight and felt his hot seed fill her and gift her womb with his love only she had claim over .
unfortunately i would lose even that soon enough till i had you in me and your seed filling my womb .
your seed is now a drug i can no longer live without the first time you spilled it in me .
when you release come in me , what you feel is my inner muscles taking your seed right into my womb .
i do nt care how enticing your scent becomes , the lashes from a thousand orcs could nt convince me to lay my seed in your rotten belly .
he groaned so lewdly as he came then , his shaft pulsing as he spurt thick , virile seed into her depths .
heedless of the mess he d make he yanked his dick out of her , leaving her to drool his seed onto the rich bedspread .
he stared down at the sight of her tan ass being crammed full of his pink dick , her puffy pussy lips below drooling his pearly white seed , still so fresh .
his thick cock spasmed wildly as it disgorged its seed , filling both her ass and cunt with the rich , pearly white essence .
she closed her eyes by instinct but her mouth still hung wide open as he defiled her face with his seed .
the mans seed was slow to taper off , coating her in its rich flow until at last he was done .
a noisome affair , he yanked out of her first , gripped his shaft and beat his thick cock off so that he spurt his creamy seed all over her tanned ass cheeks and up her back .
suddenly she felt naked in an unprecedented way , even as he wiped her free of another mans seed .
the spurts of his creamy white seed from his swollen glands not enough to end his ravaging , nor even slow it as he growled out her name as if reciting the title of a goddess .
even then , as she leaked his seed from their countless climaxes and was too worn from the vigorous activity to move , he still had it in him to grope and fondle her .
his body blasted apart , his cock shooting his seed deep into her , pumping it deeper still , needing a piece of him to remain within her as long as possible .
she could feel his seed , still warm and taking root in her womb .
rianon instinctively rubbed her womb and once again she could feel his seed burying deeper inside her .
he cares for nothing but wine and spilling his seed in whores .
when the king lies with you , you must remain in bed the entire day so his seed may take hold in your womb .
she could not rest soundly again until you and your seed had been eradicated .
but most come with a penetration : a giving of themselves , a yielding , a surrendering ... into his mouth , up his ass , jerking off with seed upon his bodyspreading it out , seeding his total flesha purification by moonlightno artist could have beheld it : no mind describe it : it is fitting .
she clambers off the bed , sucking his seed up her asshole , sucking him in through her back - door , dragging her face on the ground , grinding it into the swept dirt , crushing her cheeks , seeking a scar , a permanent sign of his dominionlaughing inside herself , seeing with her third eye his posturinghis submitting of jerd and of so many ... the proud way he now strokes his cock , holds the fagged little snake in his hands , cupping it exultant in power , praising himself , letting the ravaging lust fire through his bloodhis eyes see himself grown four kin high ... it is his sword , his lance , his one - is - one with god the father almighty .
the woman touched his forehead with her fingers and the vision of his seed appeared to him , not as a dream , but of the things that were to take place .
i seek to stop my seed from choking the earth , and scorching it , and commanding thousands of thousands that all may burn under his power .
` ` because i hate the thought of the goblins with you tonight , because i want you with me more than i want you happy , because i am a selfish bastard , i ' m going to fill your body with my seed , and i ' m going to pray while i do it .
i felt him spill himself inside me in a hot wash of seed and power .
` ` but when they shove themselves inside you tonight they 'll be shoving my seed farther in . ''
i want to pour my seed inside your body until it spills down the sides of you , and trails down my own hips .
nicca drove himself one last time inside me , as galen spilled himself down my throat , and kitto spilled hot against my skin , and decorated my hair with his seed .
` ` it was my seed in her hair , but i do not think i caused it . ''
especially if i ' m an amoral , lying she - devil who only wants to steal your seed . ''
he f**ked her through her orgasm , but when her cries settled he allowed himself to come with a roar , his seed exploding into her .
she nearly gagged as his seed filled her mouth , bursting into the back of her throat .
bercelak came with a roar , pouring his seed into her hot , tight body as she came yet again , this time screaming his name .
clinging to her as his hot seed poured inside her waiting body , talaith held back tears she 'd never allow to come .
he needed to fill her with his seed until it lubricated her eyes .
she had n't been livid when she 'd found that pathetic woman sitting on gwenvael 's bed , waiting for a male to show up and use her as a receptacle for his seed .
he emptied his seed inside her , and nothing had ever felt more amazing to him before - and he 'd moved a mountain once .
on the other hand , she had a vivid image of lucan and sabelle entwined in bed , lucan 's fingers in her hair , his body between her long , spread legs , taking her with force and need until she cried out in ecstasy beneath him and took every bit of his seed inside her womb .
his hot seed bathed her walls , and he felt her contract around him again with a cry , creating another starburst of feelings .
even now , the shitty bastard was sating her need and would soon fill her with seed .
instead , he moaned against her mouth as he poured his seed deep inside her , vowing he 'd make it up to her .
then his choked cry as he released into her again and the feel of warm seed jetting against her womb .
everything tightened before the damn was unleashed and i poured into her , wanting my seed to go further , to implant itself somewhere deep inside her where a part of me would never , ever leave .
you 're so beautiful ... so beautiful with your mouth full of me ... more beautiful still when i pour my seed into you ... '' i shivered , making a small groan of desire .
they did n't want to risk spilling their seed anywhere but between my legs , wasting a chance to father the next heir to the throne - a chance to make themselves king to my queen .
the ache building in his groin was eroding everything but the need to mark her in the most basic way , with his seed .
then he joined her in a shimmering world of passion , the crash of it washing through his body as he poured his devotion and seed into her , lighting up his heart , where he knew she would stay forever .
he would not waste his seed in any way that would not gain him a child with me , but now ... ` ` i want you to go into my mouth , '' i said .
every contraction of her internal muscles was met with a hot gush of his seed , as if she milked it from him .
as she began to flow and ripple around him like lava , he thrust deep and erupted , overflowing her with his seed .
it was his turn to dig his fingers in , denting the soft globes as he ground her down on him , spilling his seed into the hated barrier between them .
could they tell that he had not found his pleasure and released his seed inside her ?
he pulled bram aside , growling , ` ` you mean if i fail to spill my seed inside her , something i have not achieved with any woman in fifteen centuries , she will die ? ''
but he could not guarantee that he could give her his seed at all , much less regularly .
robbed of breath and control , marrok poured his seed into her .
did being finally able to spill his seed mean he 'd thwarted morganna 's terrible curse ?
she did her best to block out the quivering of her womb as he splashed it with hot seed , ignore the heavy ache of unfulfilled desire in her weeping body .
he filled her with seed , with need , with everything he was .
cursed as he was , he dared not spill his seed wantonly .
for a moment , he let himself pretend he was a normal man , let himself believe that she could be his , that he could take her as his wife and safely spill his seed within her womb .
juliet felt climax rushing toward her as each savage thrust sent her body inching down the table 's smooth surface , cried out as her name burst from his lips and his seed burst from him , exploding into her and sending her spinning out over the edges of reality .
` ` when he had his great pleasure , his warm seed flowed into my womb like liquid gold .
she had directed the pulse at the point of her own ecstasy , guiding the warm seed exactly as she wanted , against her own hard bud .
have you not felt the terror in your soul when that gay whore spit out your seed and made you the slave of his passion ?
and then , suddenly , she was pushing herself free of the couch , taking advantage of the momentary relaxation of his grip , and he was falling free of her ; as he fell , he felt his cock spurt , and saw the four separate pulses of seed fall on her thigh , on the couch , on the floor , and felt suddenly lost and ashamed .
one of his two principal physicians recommended a gentle approach to intercourse to avoid loosening the tenuous purchase of his seed in her virgin womb .
i want you to lay quietly so i can fill you with my seed . ''
she refused to share his bed , but the demon had forced his seed upon her in another , even more horrible way .
it frantically pumped arching the back and contracting the muscles of the gluteis for the effort and , to the top of the pleasure , when its seed and all of its energy materialized him in that abundant seminal liquid , the two eyelids sealed of the corpse under of him opened showing two deep black eyes , wide open for the amazement and for the terror together .
it felt his seed strain among his legs and it tried an unheard of shame of it .
it got up of hit with the red face for the shame and it tried to apologize to dafne that was laid down still , with the open breasts and among the legs his seed that it showily dripped .
if someone has been able to enter his / her computer , to steal his intimacy , misusing to his / her insaputa of his / her same skin as of his / her seed , if someone has been able impunemente to close the mouth to laura unloading him the guilt , that someone you / he / she would not have attended further for also closing her / it to him .
feeling him breathing harder , his cock pulsing as his warm seed spilled down her throat .
kelton felt himself getting aroused at the thought of the coming conflagration of the house , and before he lit the match , he satisfied himself , spraying his seed into the middle of the living room .
i held her down and planted my seed inside of her while she pretended to wither in agony .
he pumped his seed into the queen 's cloaca , his eight legs stiffening like those of a corpse .
she rubbed him up and down upon the crimson hourglass until she was in an orgasmic frenzy , then dropped the tarantula into her wet and waiting lap , where he spent his seed immediately into her vagina as she attained orgasm with him simultaneously .
he should n't have pressed her face against his shoulder because he got his own seed on one of his nicer t - shirts .
his seed filled me completely , finding every possible spot that his c*ck had n't heated already and finalizing my sultry fire .
she smiled a little in the darkness , his seed still trickling with slow warmth from between her slightly parted thighs , and her smile was both rueful and pleased , because the phrase her man summoned up a hundred feelings .
but in sleep she did believe them , and in sleep , with her husband 's seed still drying on her thighs , she felt that the three of them had been permanently welded together - that if their three / oneness was to be destroyed , it would not be destroyed by any of them but from outside .
they 'd giggle over his erection and take his seed in their mouths , passing it between them like schoolgirls sharing bubble - gum .
jones , his seed refreshed by foul means , a course of witch therapy and excruciating testicular injections , had impregnated bad nancy , filled her womb with twins .
usually that s when they ran for the authorities and when he suddenly had to make himself scarce , but there was the one time when two pre - pubescent girls , made braver by their shared company , concentrated hard on their first sighting of a mans penis , erect and cross - veined , and just watched it in awe as he shot his wriggling seed high into the air .
he groaned then shuddered violently , spilling his seed deep inside kristins quivering body .
` ` yeah , his seed , '' daniel added , under his breath .
we may feel less like men when in reality we are more manly by passing our seed into condoms and iud d uteruses across the world .
he peered at her ripening femininity , felt a quickening in his loins , a yearning to communicate that wakened seed , to impregnate her .
she laughed and told him that he was attached to jake , and that he felt it was his seed that made him , that he felt jake was his biological son .
she could taste him there , and fought the urge to force her finger down her throat , to vomit up his seed from within her .
you can let yourself fall back and submerge into sex and experience the soft release of seed over and over and over again for a long and satisfying life .
he 'd spill his seed into her and eventually , she 'd get pregnant .
i hide my cock and push the seed deeper in with my fingers .
she felt better than any human woman he had ever made love to and when he spilled his seed she shuddered and her large pale iris - less eyes sent wonderful energy into his own .
flesh sodden with his sweatsweat of his flesh , thick spit of his seed , the sucking of his soul ... sweating she hears his resounding naming , his naming of her self ... '' you are nothing !
watching the seed flow within but not really ever leave the cock .
frightfilled ... he , worshipping himself , playing himself , drawing his seed , splattering it into his hands - most amazingly : the moment shattering vision - shaping from his seed another woman : not her but like her : sister face , sister soul , but it is clear , it is vision , it is seen : sister sees only him !
frightfilled ... he , worshipping himself , playing himself , drawing his seed , splattering it into his hands - most amazingly : the moment shattering vision - shaping from his seed another woman : not her but like her : sister face , sister soul , but it is clear , it is vision , it is seen : sister sees only him !
taking him to ` ` big '' seed within her : the seed of his emptiness .
my seed made him .
his mother broke down and cried and his father could not believe that his seed had produced such a deformity in a child .
jett 's groan joined my cry , and his hot seed spilled deep inside me , filling me with a new sensation .
at the last moment he withdrew , gripping himself with one hand as his seed spurted out through his fingers .
she sat up and grimaced at her sticky belly , still covered with his seed .
a moment later , hot seed splashed on her stomach as he stroked his cock , groaning .
she felt the wash of his seed inside her , and she shivered again .
the thought of another man touching her is enough , but to think of another man planting his seed in her body , unimaginable .
his seed trickled down my thigh , spreading a damp stain on the sheets .
my body clenched and quivered , welcoming q 's orgasm as he filled me with his seed .
` ` my seed is strong , woman .
` ` baby , i almost spilled my seed before i got inside of you .
he spilled his seed and ripped her name from his lips .
he shuddered beneath her and followed , and she ached for the feel of his skin against hers , ached to get rid of the condom and take his seed deep inside her body .
when i say the word ` ` baby , '' he comes unglued , comes apart , goes completely spastic and frantic , each thrust a shuddering blast of seed inside me , and he 's whispering my name , gasping i love you brokenly in my ear , and i come apart with him , breathing with him , each breath synced with his , each sigh breathed together , the only words uttered each other 's names and i love you .
and at that moment , drunk on wine and lust , the beach at my back , his seed still hot on my skin , i did n't mind being javier 's .
he went to his knees beside me and started slowly , softly rubbing his seed into my stomach and up onto my chest .
it was his seed inside me right now .
he came too , floored by his orgasm and i felt higher than the clouds as he poured his seed inside of me , my convulsions bringing it out of him and harboring it deep inside .
he came on my chest , not even trying to contain the warm seed that coated my br**sts in spurts .
i gag , nearly vomit , which is when he finishes , filling my throat with his seed .
he explodes , and i feel his seed fill me , hot and wet inside me and i love that , too .
then , she felt his hot seed spurt , pouring down the back of her throat , and he gave a pained , ecstatic groan .
he 'd become a man seeking ultimate ecstasy , and she was along for the ride , mouth and fingers keeping up the rhythm , his hot seed spurting into her mouth as she eased up on the tongue pressure , slowing her wrist movements on his shaft , bringing him down as gently as possible from his cl**ax .
i keep stroking him , and more seed spurts out of him , dripping onto my skin .
i feel his seed dripping down my body , and i wonder if i should feel ashamed for what i just did , the whole night , and just now .
one of the final spasms inside her tipped him over , too , and he finished with deep , almost - frantic thrusts that burst through with a growl , like an animal making his mark on his mate , the feel of his hot seed pouring into her so ungentlemanly that he wondered at the power he possessed , ever at his access , her arms around him and scratching at his back as she tightened around him and came again , this time with god 's name pouring out of those luscious , beautiful lips .
she screamed and he groaned with her , their come mixing together , his seed so abundant it overflowed , leaking out of her pu**y and dripping down her legs .
with a loud groan of his own , he came , his body arching powerfully as he pumped his seed into her already - drenched pu**y .
he wanted mairi to come long and hard , wanted to fill her pu**y with his seed until she was bursting with it .
his seed gushed out the moment he said the word , and he roared , the sound mingling with mairi 's keening cry of pleasure as she came for the second time .
he held on to her , never stopping with the thrusts as he filled her with his seed .
her orgasm had her screaming , and behind her damen growled , his seed exploding out of his c**k even as his h*ps continued to pump in fast and furious movements .
his hot seed flowed into me , pumping , and setting off a second wave of my orgasm as he splashed inside me and my eager cervix swooped down automatically , as nature intended , kissing the top of his penis inside me , dipping and dipping against the fluid , and as he flooded me with his warmth and his passion , i shuddered and ground down against his hips , locking him inside me .
as i circled around and around my clit , moving faster and pressing down harder , i thought about big cocks , plunging in and out of me , and a man moaning , as hot jets of his seed sprayed into me , making my pu**y even hotter and wetter .
i imagined his hot seed spurting into me .
like nothing but a wet pussy , a vessel to receive his seed .
he gave himself a few more strokes and his seed shot out of the tip , landing on the laminate floor and the bottom part of the mirror .
he quickly cleaned his seed from the walls and mirror and stepped under the water for a quick shower to rid the sweat and the day 's grime from his body .
he growled in satisfaction as his seed spurted inside her .
in seconds his seed spilled from the tip .
she could tell he was close and with one final f**k inside , dean tensed and she felt the pulse of his c**k expand , his seed shooting inside her cunt .
dean pushed inside me and cl**axed , washing my womb with his seed .
paul collapsed to the side of her , but his seed was inside her body .
opening her lips she pressed the bulbous mushroom head into her mouth and slid it to the back of her throat , the glide leaving a trail of his seed along her tongue .
one final pull on her hair and she felt the splash of his seed as he roared out his release .
her cum mixing with their seed .
he thrust inside her , spilling his seed .
william pounded inside her until with one final shove , his seed exploded inside her waiting cunt .
he looked down at her watching her throat swallowing his seed , his cum sliding down her throat .
his seed pulsed inside the condom he wore , and the grip on her h*ps tightened even further with his cl**ax .
when he could no longer hold off his release , elijah wrapped his arms around her and moaned against her skin as his seed poured into the waiting condom .
his seed and her cum combined together on his fingers .
she felt his c**k pulse inside her and the heat of his seed coat her womb .
in seconds he lost control , shooting his seed into her hand and onto her leg .
then he took her hand , washed his seed from her hand and leg .
the desire to spurt his seed inside her was getting stronger by the second .
for a split second he thought about letting his seed go inside her and making a baby .
using his fingers , he brought her to another release seconds before he slammed inside her , his seed bursting out of his cock .
fisting his shaft , he watched his white , creamy seed coat her stomach .
he cried out as his seed hit the back of her throat .
to want to see his seed all over her body like a mark .
his seed had been everywhere .
to start off slow and sweet while i take your virginity , and then once i ' ve claimed your cunt and spilled my seed , do you want me to take you again , rougher and harder ? ''
already , his balls were filled to bursting with his seed .
thrusting into her one final time , he felt his c**k jerk and his seed pulse inside her cunt .
his c**k jerked , and she felt his seed pulsing inside her .
his c**k jerked and pulsed his seed inside her .
pressing inside her one final time his cum erupted , filling her body with his seed .
she felt his shaft pump with seed into the latex .
grunting from the power of the pleasure he spilled his release into her waiting pu**y , flooding her with his seed .
his seed was leaking out of her cunt , and another wave of possession slammed into him .
seconds later lash thrust against her one final time , and then she felt the spurts of his seed as they landed on her stomach .
staring down at her stomach he saw the droplets of his seed coating her skin .
a primal part of him wanted to rub the sticky seed into her skin .
his balls tightened , and with two quick thrusts inside her mouth he erupted filling her with his seed .
she went over the edge , and seconds later lash joined her , growling out her name as his seed filled her .
glancing down he saw the puffy red of her bare lips and the white of his seed escaping .
he got her to lean against the wall as he washed away his leaking seed from her ass .
his c**k jerked as his seed pulsed .
his seed mixed with hers as he ran his c**k over her slit .
he came also , his c**k jerking inside her , washing her womb with his seed .
his white seed was leaking out of her cunt and over the fine hairs of her pu**y .
she felt his c**k clench inside her then the spurt of his seed .
he let her down , and she was conscious of his seed sliding down the inside of her thigh .
she felt the pulse and heat of his seed when he growled his release into her .
he saw the line of his seed on her tongue before she swallowed it down .
the image he got of his seed inside her womb prolonged his orgasm .
he felt her pu**y milking the seed from his c**k as her ass did the same with his fingers .
for a few moments he watched his seed spill out of her .
his seed erupted from the tip and sprayed the wall of the shower stall .
she did n't think they 'd had sex , but he 'd been against her body and spilled his seed .
biting down and sucking on her neck , cadeon shot his seed in the shower stall .
he wanted to be the one to fill her beautiful body with his seed .
thrusting inside her one last time as his release went through him , his c**k kicked in the condom , his seed filling the latex between them .
to release his seed in the depths of her cunt .
thinking about her being filled with his seed brought him off .
his c**k came to attention at the thought of her swollen with his seed , ready to give birth to his children .
cadeon flicked her clit , bringing her to orgasm seconds before he released his seed inside her body .
for twenty minutes he would stand under a cold shower until he released his seed in the stall .
he slammed inside her innocent body and came with a roar , his seed shooting against her womb as he did .
noelle felt his c**k thicken as she sat across from him , his seed leaking out of her pu**y onto his lap .
his seed soaked her womb , and he stayed still inside her for several minutes after his orgasm finished .
his seed was inside her at her most fertile time .
his seed had taken within her .
the need to rub his seed all over her body was strong inside him .
the morning after scorch filled her with his seed , the pack looked at her differently .
the white drops coated her back , and with his other hand he rubbed his seed in to her skin needing to feel like he 'd marked her in some way .
his seed coated her skin satisfying the animal part of him .
fill me with your seed , mate . ''
his c**k jerked sending his seed deep inside her .
for the rest of his life he would be pumping his seed deep into her body .
when he was finished pouring his seed into her waiting body he helped her to her feet .
his seed escaped , and he grabbed some tissues from his desk to clean most of the mess away .
his seed spurted out coating the floor of the cold shower .
within seconds he spilled his seed and watched the cum go down the drain .
she heard whizz groan along with his thick cock jerk as he spilled his seed within her .
at last liam gave a shout of joy , his seed exploding from his cock in tiny pulses of bliss .
his shaft was in her mouth and she sucked at him desperately , wanting to feel his hot seed shoot down her throat .
later she would admire his force of will in pulling out of her , spilling his seed on her belly in several quick thrusts .
i do n't want another man 's seed inside your body . ''
i could feel his seed inside me , but god , i wanted more .
i ' ve been on the pill for a while , so i ' m not unduly worried about some of his seed getting inside me , but i wonder how careful he was .
she was dripping from nolan 's seed , slicking her passage for vince 's entry .
her body was still pulsing with residual pleasure as their seed slowly dripped from her well - used cored .
nolan 's hard thrusts rocked her body until he grunted in his effort to keep his cries muffled as he came hard inside her , filling her with his warm seed .
she swallowed like a good girl , taking every last drop of his seed until he was limp and spent .
a few hard thrusts into her tightness and within seconds , his own orgasm hurtled from his body , pumping his seed into her gorgeous ass .
before the buchanan brothers , she never would ' ve imagined that she could ever swallow a man 's seed the idea had been disgusting but she felt oddly territorial about dillon and thus , wanted every precious drop of his essence .
dimly , she heard nolan utter a hoarse cry as he collapsed , his seed dribbling from her channel as they took long , rasping breaths to recover .
a moment later he let out a hoarse cry , and then he poured his seed inside her .
will let out a harsh curse , muttering , ` ` too fast , '' even as he was shuddering over her , jerking wildly as he filled her with his hot seed .
it only took a few long strokes , a few persistent sucks , and then his seed spilled into her mouth and coated her tongue .
a fire of ecstasy burned in his blood , blazing hotter as miranda 's throat worked to swallow his seed .
he exploded inside aidan 's mouth in long , hot pulses that racked his body , groaning as he watched the other man 's throat working hard to swallow his seed .
` ` what i wan na do is come inside your pu**y and watch my seed drip down your thighs .
watching her suck his seed off his hand succeeded in turning his semi - erect c**k into a rock - hard spike of desire .
plowing into her again and again , hips pistoning , flesh slapping flesh , until finally he let out a hoarse cry and climaxed , emptying his seed inside her .
their skin was sticky from his seed and her juices , but jackson did n't mind and mia did n't seem to either .
fucking bang my tight little cunt and give me your fucking seed .
he jerked with each pump , and her body drew every drop of his seed from him .
his vision went white for a second as he began to release his seed into the condom .
just before he came he grunted , pulling her tight onto him and released , filling her completely with his seed .
his seed jetted into her in an orgasm that seemed to go on forever , ultimately setting off yet another climax deep within her .
he stiffened suddenly , his sex pulsing , his seed spewing hotly into her , his mind and body shattering in the maelstrom of orgasm .
he threw back his head and roared as his seed spurted out .
he d just spilled his seed .
his seed splashed her thighs and his hands cupped her breasts .
after the last tingle receded , he reached down and scooped his seed off her thighs .
his shaft bucked inside her , his seed exploding in forceful streams .
i wo nt chain you to my bed and cover you with my seed .
thrusting to the back of her mouth , he held her in place while he spilled his seed .
his mouth fastened on to her skin , marking her as he pumped his seed into her body .
he cried out , thrusting to the back of her mouth as he spilled his seed .
if you spilled your seed on me , i could still get pregnant .
then she went back to torturing him until she felt his hot seed flood her mouth , and the tangy taste of him almost undid her .
i done seed de blood on her .
joshua penetrated her fully one last time then clutched her hip to hold her tightly to him as a tremor of pure ecstasy rushed through him and he spilled his hot seed inside her .
after the delivery had been made to him , he was warned that the seed inside him was powerful and would attract the first woman he encountered because he was not strong enough to control it .
at the moment of transfer he had felt a huge pain in his own manhood as the seed made its way out of him and into the woman .
joe had no idea what was going through her mind right then , only that it had something to do with the hold the seed inside him had over women .
lah motioned his brother to move away from the doorway , taking one last look at the host of his seed languishing noisily on the bed .
then their father had found five suitable virgins who had just entered womanhood and were strong enough in their sexual energies to carry his seed .
he was sharing his power with her and drawing her into his life by giving her his seed .
her body wanted to receive his seed .
unless you can control your own body , you are going to be the receptacle of his seed any second .
her body however , relaxed at his climax and accepted his seed willingly .
on the floor before him , kathy lay quietly absorbing his seed and the experience of having lain with the giant .
he had hurt her and filled her with his seed .
he tried to convince himself that these emotions did nt exist or if they did happen to surface alone in bed at night , then they were viewed as nothing more than a means of relief an added twist to the sin of spilling his seed , and not something that anyone should know about .
his teeth cut through skin and muscle of her neck as his seed erupted from his cock head .
as long as i can still spill my sterile seed in you , i will not care .
i feel like making the most of my fertile seed while i have it , he mumbled against her mouth .
i just released my seed .
my seed , of course , would never make you pregnant , mores - the - pity .
did i release my seed ?
with a final thrust , he spilled his seed into her .
his hips jerked and one leg spasmed as i felt his seed pulse into me in strong , hot bursts .
i pump with my fist , spilling my milky seed all over her chest , her hair , her face until finally it ebbs away and i m done .
i could come right now , shove her down on her knees and plunge my cock in her mouth , spurting my seed down her throat , but something stops me .
i could taste his seed , which had splattered on his lips and now mine , as he muted my cries by covering my mouth with his .
instead , he thrust deep and shuddered wildly as his seed spurted from him into the hot , moist depths of her .
soon she would be able to look him in the eye and tell him her body was nurturing his seed .
mike groaned , too , then jerked , his body pouring its seed into her , though he pulled out abruptly as she flailed and moaned , too caught up in a cli**x that was now out of her control .
he released his seed deep inside her womb , while his body shook from the power of the orgasm .
he roared , a bellow of male pleasure , and i felt the hot jet of his seed wash through me , a pulse of liquid and a thrust , a growl , and then he rocked again , filling me with yet more seed , and now i was exploding on top of him , coming apart in his hands .
he roared , a bellow of male pleasure , and i felt the hot jet of his seed wash through me , a pulse of liquid and a thrust , a growl , and then he rocked again , filling me with yet more seed , and now i was exploding on top of him , coming apart in his hands .
he came , hard , so hard , and the fiery liquid of his seed filling me sent me over the edge , the mad thrust of his c*ck inside me sent me over the edge , his body going stiff in the throes of orgasm sent me over the edge .
he came , then , slowing his thrusts but driving deeper than ever and his fingers dug into my skin and he froze with his h*ps to my ass , deep and spurting seed through me .
i felt him tense , drive one last time into me , and then he was coming , flooding me with his seed .
he cupped the back of my head and lifted me up into a kiss , biting my lower lip as he came , a quick hard pulse of h*ps against h*ps and a flood of hot seed inside me .
his c*ck throbbed , pulsed , and released a flood of seed within me , hot and washing through me .
he came as i was lowering my lips around him , and felt his seed hit my throat .
i felt him fill me , each thrust of his c*ck into my throbbing channel like heartbeat , felt the jet of wet heat hit my walls , and then he thrust again and the wash of seed spread through me again , and my inner muscles clenched his shaft , lights bursting behind my tight - closed eyes , fire blossoming in my every fiber .
i felt him splash his seed into me as i burst above him , around him .
i pictured my hand loosely curled around his thickness , feeling the ridges and ripples and veins throbbing with life and desire and heat and seed .
i swallowed his moans of pleasure with my mouth , swallowed with my quivering folds his plunging shaft , and when he came , i swallowed his seed with my inner walls .
he grabbed her lower back and thrust up into her one final time , letting out a groan of pleasure as he spilled his seed deep inside of her .
she gripped him with her body , pulling every last seed from him as her legs remained tightly wrapped around his back .
it did n't take jennifer long for her body to throb once more , and they fell apart together as he released his long awaited seed deep inside her .
trenton threw his own head back and cried out as he slammed deeply inside of her , spilling his seed deep within her womb .
he cried out as he pumped inside her , spilling his seed deep within her womb .
he thrust inside her - in and out , then collapsed as he spilled his seed deep inside her wet folds .
i do n't think you have to worry about a pregnancy , because right now my body is certainly a hostile environment , and if your seed comes anywhere near my uterus , laser beams will strike the little swimmers down , '' she snapped .
still , she was momentarily caught off guard when he suddenly spewed his seed into her mouth , causing her to nearly choke on it .
the sight so overcame him that he was forced to pull out and shoot his seed onto her br**sts and stomach before he spilled it inside her .
a grin spread across his face as he watched her sprawled there , his seed coating her body .
` ` there 's egg donations , and you could have one fertilized with ... with your ... '' i could n't bring myself to say ` ` his seed '' despite the fact i was currently standing behind him without any clothes on .
no , probably not , so i swallowed his seed and fixed his pants and scooted up so i lay right next to him .
my inner walls clutched against asher 's cock , urging him to stay , welcoming his seed in its natural state .
his sticky seed splashed against my pink panties , leaving a line of white goo .
i hopped up and grabbed a handful of paper towels from above a hand washing sink and rubbed them against the fabric of my panties trying to scrub away asher 's seed .
apparently in solomon 's version of the story , he completely lambasted my cunt with his potent seed .
the warm gush of his seed enveloped me .
he forced himself deep inside of me before he came , and i felt the warmth and thickness of his fertile seed rushing into me .
he pulled her off his cock , allowing her to abandon her efforts in case she did n't want to swallow his seed .
jack hissed as her fangs sunk into his neck , piercing with practiced skill and flooding his entire being with a sexual pleasure so intense he almost spilled his seed .
releasing her throat , jack cursed , his entire body shaking with the need to finish this , to ravish her , to fill her with his seed .
crying out his name , she came again , her body gripping him rhythmically until he followed her with a haunting moan , flooding her with his seed .
it was hard not to imagine his seed taking root .
she collapsed beneath him as he surged forward again , his seed rushing into her body .
the hard throbbing of his c*ck was accompanied by the warm slipperiness of his seed running into her p**sy and then down her inner thighs .
he crashed into me , hot wet seed flooding through me , spurting against my walls with every thrust , his face thrown back to the ceiling and locked in a rictus of pleasure as he plunged into me .
hot seed flooded through me , and i felt my inner muscles clench and clamp , felt my belly ripple and my n**ples and scalp tighten , my blood boil in my veins and my hands claw into the blanket .
i felt his c*ck hard and hot inside , throbbing as if full again , but he 'd just come , i felt his seed inside me , but he was , he was pounding hard and fast , surprise rife in his ragged moans .
i moaned his name in his ear as i came , and then he shot his hot seed into me , his lips meeting mine with each thrust of his release .
he grunted away on top of her until he spilled his seed , and when she again begged him to tell her he loved her , darach just laughed , and said , ' of course i love ye , i love all women , they are flowers to be plucked . '
she did n't want to think about him now , did n't want to remember his overlapped - tooth smile , his bravery or anything else about him when she had another man 's seed still deep in her womb and she was about to embark on something as sordid as a cheap , temporary , meaningless affair .
his c*ck jerked and pulsed , bathing the neck of her womb in his white - hot seed .
i groan as i jerk my own release and fill her with my seed .
he groaned , a long , low , pained sound as his c*ck jerked inside her filling her with his seed .
he f**ked through them like a mad man , forcing his c*ck into grasping depths , dipping into the scalding cream that bathed her inner thighs and lured his seed .
her name was a tormented cry from his lips as he spurted , his hot seed splashing in creamy bursts through her fingers and mingling with her own arousal .
against his will , he came , flooding her grasping depths with his seed .
he watched , arrested , as his seed dribbled from between her legs .
he was nigh undone , his seed leaking in its eagerness to flood her with his lust .
when she cli**xed , he followed her , her cunt grasping at his cock , luring his seed , spasming as he flooded her with a guttural cry .
maria 's gaze dropped to his erection , goading him to take it in hand and pump it , bringing his seed to slip out over the head .
he growled his triumph , and the sound flowed through her , making her come harder , her cunt spasming desperately as he joined her , spurting his seed deep inside her in hot , hard bursts .
` ` al i felt was a physical desire to spend my seed .
more of his seed leaked out , dribbling down the long length , pooling in the val ey between her fingers and his rock - hard flesh .
only when she settled weakly in his embrace did he ride her to his own completion , his c*ck jerking hard , then spurting harder , fil ing her , flooding her with his seed .
he gasped , jolting as his seed spurted out in a desperate bid to relieve the torturous pressure in his bollocks .
despite this , at the pinnacle of the orgasm of his life , he had pressed against her womb and emptied his seed inside her .
she licked around and around , tasting the thick essence of his seed .
she released him with a last , lingering suck , her lips shiny with his seed and curved in a purely woman 's smile .
he wrenched out of her with an agonized groan , kneeling above her and fisting his cock , spurting his seed across her stomach in long , silky skeins .
he growled , grinding his teeth and fisting the pillows as she quivered around and beneath him , luring his seed into the spasming depths of her .
his seed would never find purchase in her womb , his future would never have her in it .
she heard his deep groan , felt his seed pulse and then spill out , but he did n't cease , did n't grow softer .
` ` please ... '' he thrust deep and groaned , burying his c*ck to the hilt and coming , burning her from the inside with hot , pulsing streams of his seed .
finally he paused , buried inside her , his body flush against hers as he quivered and emptied the last of his seed within her .
she tightened around him , spasming as his hot seed filled her , reaching the very depths of her .
if he let his mind tread that road , he 'd be well on his way to disgracing himself before her , spilling his seed like a callow youth in the first throes of lust .
his release followed swiftly , in strong pulses as his seed flowed into her , hot and steady .
then he slumped over her , pressing her into the mattress as he gave her his seed .
his seed purted forth and he kept driving , over and over , until her passage , so slick with his passion , released him .
she could feel his ass tightening and his back muscles growing taut below her grasping fingers then his c*ck twitched and jumped inside of her as his seed spilled into the condom .
just grab her , dragher down tothe carpet , push her skirtsupto her belly , crawl between her sweet legs , and thrust himself into her untilhe cried out and spilled his seed .
on top of that , what if his seed took ?
he shuddered , gasping , convulsing , and she felt the hot wash of his seed deep inside her .
i ca n't ... '' julienne ignored his direction and sucked him harder , driving him mad , until he came in an orgasm so intense he swayed on his feet , his seed flooding her mouth , pouring out the depth of his lust and longing .
her thumbs drifted over the engorged head , feeling the slickness of his seed everywhere .
he cursed , and then twisted his hips , releasing his seed in powerful spurts across the rug .
she gasped , and then she came , her orgasm milking his cock , luring his seed , until he spilled into her , flooding her , branding her in a way far more primitive than the ring she wore .
with a roar , sawyer pumped his h*ps and gripped her tightly , spilling his seed .
like a drug , he craved his next hit , though he just spilled his seed moments ago .
she shattered around him , never breaking her grip or the connection , and he spilled his seed inside her without the barrier of a condom , his teeth bruising her tender lips in a primitive masculine claim of possession .
his seed shot inside of her , but she never stopped the frantic pounding rhythm .
a tremor of pleasure rippled down her body , and she held him closer , hoping that her body would be receptive to his seed .
he released her neck and arched his back , a guttural cry torn from his throat as he spurted his seed deep inside her .
covered in her cream and his seed , his lubricated fingers slid lower .
lost in his love , her love , she felt his c*ck jerk and his come spurt in hot bursts , filling her ass with his seed .
ian 's body stiffened and he poured his seed into her , hot and steady , shuddering with the force of his release .
he thought about her belly swollen with his seed , her br**sts full and heavy , and the desire that stabbed through him was like hot needles .
i mean to have you lass , but i ' m so eager , i 'll spill my seed at the first thrust . ''
he 'd never been one to throw his seed far and wide .
with a shout , he felt his seed shoot out into the condom and for a moment , he thought of how great it would be to have his seed inside of her , possibly making a daughter that would look just like her .
with a shout , he felt his seed shoot out into the condom and for a moment , he thought of how great it would be to have his seed inside of her , possibly making a daughter that would look just like her .
everything and everyone fell away except raine as he poured himself into her , wishing he could mark her with his seed instead of the condom he filled .
his c*ck jerked , and he let go , unleashing a torrent of his seed to splatter her silken , clutching walls .
his seed scalding her womb could leave her with something more lasting .
if he stayed here , pressed against her softness , with his seed marking her , her face inches from his own , he 'd only try to f**k her again .
liam was dying to make every second of it last , yet desperate to fill her throat with his seed .
i fell beside him , with barely time to draw the heavy folds of the cloak up over us before the darkness filled me , and i lay weighted to the earth by the heavy warmth of his seed in my belly .
my thighs were slick and wet with jamie 's seed .
` ` his ... seed . ''
i want to leave the feel of me deep inside ye with my seed .
the movement left him trembling with need , as though he had been dragged from his woman 's body on the verge of spilling seed .
with one more thrust he was there , and he groaned in pleasure as he shot his seed into her hot accepting core .
the sight aroused him , luring his seed to leak from the tip of his cock .
his bollocks were drawn up tight and hard , his seed churning with the need for release .
` ` you deliberately spilled your seed inside me ?
his bollocks were drawn up tight , his seed churning and pushing its way up his shaft to leak out the tip .
eliza swallowed deeply and worked her hand on him , pumping his seed up the length of his shaft and into her eager mouth .
when he came , it was violent , his thick penis jerking inside her with every molten spurt of his seed .
jamie did n't feel the hot rush of seed when he spasmed , so he was wearing a condom , thank god .
as he shot the last of his seed into her mouth , the elevator came to an unexpected stop on the fifth floor , the bell dinging and the doors sliding open .
she had the taste of chase in her mouth , the musk of his seed from the elevator , the salt of his skin .
she 'd tasted him , taken him in her mouth , swallowed him , caressed him and brought him to completion , felt his seed fill her mouth , hot and salty and thick , felt his tip touch the back of her throat , felt his balls seize and clench , and she 'd taken more , wanting all of him .
he unleashed his seed into her in a thick , hard rush , feeling it shoot deep , and then he was totally lost in her , frantically and arrhythmically driving into her , milking his orgasm along with hers .
jamie felt his hot seed hit her inner walls , and his thrusting became deep - driving insanity , frenzied and wild .
chase thrashed into her wildly , and she felt his seed spread through her in a flood of wet heat .
he burst into her , filling her with his seed , thrusting hard several times , feeling her walls clench around him , her legs tense against his thighs , her fingers digging into his ass .
for one moment , their gazes locked , and then their mouths melded furiously as he pumped his seed into the barrier between them .
staring at her taut belly , shiny with his seed , sebastian was swept with an overwhelming wave of possessiveness .
i want to fill you with my seed over and over again , until you think of nothing but me and how well i can pleasure you . ''
with a wriggle of her hips , she positioned his c*ck at her entrance and engulfed him easily , her passage slick with his seed .
his sac grew tight , his seed rising , heating .
only when her head fell forward in exhaustion did he allow his own release , spurting his seed in endless bursts against her womb , his body wracked with a pleasure so piercing it robbed him of all thoughts but one : she wanted to keep him with her .
his skilled fingers slipped between her legs , dipping into her sex coated with his seed , and stroking until she moaned with desire .
instantly his torso bucked off the bed , lifting her with him , and he was coming deep within her , crying out hoarsely as his hot seed spurted with wrenching shudders .
his groans of encouragement spurred her on , making her wet and hungry for him all over again , and she felt little shocks of pleasure dart through her body as she claimed his seed in her mouth , making sure he never forgot just how much she wanted him .
and then she felt him come inside her , his body taut above her for a moment as his c*ck pulsed and throbbed insider her , his seed filling her with warmth .
then she felt his seed against her back as he lay against her , his chest heaving with exertion .
it was only after he 'd long gone from her chamber , that she realized he 'd spilled his seed inside her .
he buried himself inside her and let out a ragged growl while his seed pumped in hard spurts , filling her .
he 'd satisfy her and fill her up with his seed so there 'd be no more question that she was his woman .
he shoved her back to the ground and seated himself to the hilt while his seed shot into her .
i 'd spill my seed inside you .
logan wanted nothing more than to give her the pleasure of cli**x and to feel that cli**x flutter along his c*ck as he filled her with his seed .
his seed spurted deep , wringing another soft cry from hope .
his seed was inside her .
the muskiness of his seed was deep within her , and any sanguinar or slayer who met her would know in an instant that she was his .
the monster wanted him to hurry the f**k up and shove his c*ck into her - make her take it all and fill her up with his seed , over and over .
she was still slick from his seed .
pleasure filled him , surrounded him , bursting from every pore , driving away every thought but the pulsing , radiant joy that wrung every drop of seed from his body .
they 'd undress next time , after she was soaked with his seed and limp with satiation .
she was slick with his seed , filled with him .
he crushed her against him , his h*ps grinding against hers as he emptied his seed deep inside her .
lily reluctantly slipped off of him , felt his seed trickle down the inside of her thigh .
her mouth was swollen from his kisses and he could see his seed trickling down her thigh .
i felt him grow inside me and i came apart underneath him as his hot seed poured into me .
he reached out , his fingers brushing the sides of her br**sts , tickling her waist , dipping between her legs where his seed leaked from her .
* * * niall jerked himself out of sleep , cursing as he carefully rolled onto his back and pushed the bedcovers away from his straining , jutting penis , unable to tolerate even the slightest touch lest he spill his seed in the bed .
when i wake wi ' my seed spurting from me , it feels verra damn real to me . ''
he strode through the darkness , his step sure and strong as he effortlessly carried her on one shoulder and his huge sword in his other hand , climbing steps as easily as if he had n't just fought a battle and then emptied his body 's seed into her in a shatteringly intense coupling .
wet with his spurting seed , she climaxed again .
as the spasms rocked her body , he erupted , driving upward in an instinctive impulse to plant his seed deep in her womb .
if he was n't careful , he 'd plunge inside of her and spill his seed like a teenager .
the c*ck ring tamped down the urgent need to spill his seed , but his swollen flesh ached with the need for release .
i love the idea of coming deep inside you and watching my seed slip from your p**sy as i leave your body . ''
with one thumb he wiped a trickle of his seed from the corner of her mouth and then slid it inside her mouth .
there she lay , her hands above her head , her legs spread wide as the man who owned her lay between her thighs , her body full of his seed .
in the morning , after i ' ve taken you again , i 'll bathe you and wash my seed from your body . ''
tenderly , he bathed her thighs and cleaned his seed from between her legs .
he produced a damp washcloth and carefully cleaned his seed from her skin , his movements slow and gentle .
aware that he was close to spilling his seed , but unwilling to do so until she 'd found her release , balan caught her by the h*ps and swung away from the tree , then carried her quickly to a slanted boulder at the riverside , each step threatening his control .
only then did balan allow his seed to spill .
balan thrust into her one more time , and then he cried out as well , his body stiffening against hers as he spilled his seed into her .
all the while her body milked his cock , luring his seed , the pulsating spasms nearly brutal in their intensity .
as his hands began to rub his seed into her skin , his smile was cold and tight .
spilling his seed inside her had been a foolhardy lapse , one he would not repeat .
the moment she rested limp against his chest he withdrew , catching his c*ck in hand and pumping , spurting his seed outside of his wife .
you made me promise not to spill my seed in you ! ''
` ` i would resent you every time you sheathed yourself in a french letter or withdrew to spill your seed .
then he followed her , shuddering , spilling his seed in a rush of longing , giving her the promise of the life they would create together with boundless joy in his heart .
a coldness gripped his heart as he realized he had not pulled out before spilling his seed .
he felt her stiffen , then scream as the orgasm washed through her and pulled out , spilling his seed across her belly .
lyon shouted as he spurt his seed , this time inside her .
she took him without complaint , fondling his sac with one hand as she pleasured him , and soon he was shouting her name , spewing his hot seed into her mouth .
you are the damned , and his seed is cold .
i spat him out and sucked him back in slowly , and now he was groaning , arching his back , and his h*ps were rocking and i was matching his motion , and then he cried out and shot his seed into my throat , hot and salty and thick , not at all bitter , almost sweet .
i could n't speak then , driven to orgasm now myself , explosion after explosion rocking through me as he continued to drive into me , still coming , a flood of hot seed against my inner walls and even when his load was spent he kept plunging hard into me , wild thrusts split by a pause and his hands on my h*ps jerking me down onto him .
he came hard , blasting his seed into me , groaning and crying my name , ` ` shea , shea , yes , shea ! ''
he growled deep in his chest , coming at the same moment as me , gushing hot seed into me , thrusting hard and fast , coming with each plunge , not giving me time to fall back down before pushing back in .
he came so hard his seed shot down my throat before i had a chance to swallow , and then again .
his seed flooded my walls and his fingers rolled my nipple , his hand across my mouth smelling of my musk , mingling with the dank scent of the airliner bathroom .
his seed was running down my leg as he stripped me of my clothes .
until then , his caveman urge to fill her with every drop of his seed would have to wait .
he 'd just lost himself and flooded her with every ounce of his seed .
then warm seed coated her tongue .
he covered her tongue with his seed .
she felt the warm flood of his seed jet against her sensitive flesh , making her heart race and her body arch as pleasure rolled over her body once more .
she could feel the hot wash of his seed flooding her .
the caveman was beating his chest at the idea of finding my release deep inside her and letting my seed coat the tight little hole i was obsessed with .
my body shook as i drove into her one last time as my seed flooded her walls .
his hands would slide down over her smooth back to cup the round cheeks of her bottom , then he would urge her legs apart with one knee , and ease his way inside her , planting his seed deep in her womb .
she 'd just started to tense up , her fingers curling into her palms again to keep from hugging him closer and urging him on , when he 'd cried out and spilled his seed into her .
but the notion of being the first man to fill her tongue with his seed made his balls draw up even tighter , the lust crashing through him even more urgent .
his hot seed filled her mouth , salty , milky .
the mewls turned to pleas , then the pleas to a shout of spectacular release as her entire body bucked under him and her p**sy gripped him like a desperate fist , nearly milking him of self - control and seed .
he thrust up against her womb as the last of his seed spilled .
a moment later , his seed splashed hotly inside her .
when he could say that he did n't mind that another man had planted his seed inside her and not want to rip the bastard 's head off .
as she shuddered through her orgasm , his seed spewed with the force of c4 , detonating everything inside him .
taking her bare and feeling her walls clench down on him in cli**x before he spilled his seed deep inside her , hoping she would swell with their child ... hell , he had to stop thinking that before he lost all self - control .
the urge to explode inside her and mark her with his seed nearly overwhelmed him .
his hot seed erupted on her tongue , salty and thick .
he growled again , pushed home once more , and slumped against her , his massive body shuddering as he poured his hot seed into her .
he watched the fire in her eyes as she came , and then he let her witness the fire in his as he spilled his seed within her .
his seed spilled out in a rush of such pleasure that he was left gasping her name .
he kept f**king my mouth as i milked the rest of his seed from him .
i felt him swell within me and then with a guttural roar , spray his hot seed deep into my loins .
he rubbed his seed into her porcelain skin , determined to have his scent upon her , hoping it meant to her all that it did to him .
it had taken every ounce of restraint not to f**k her mouth like a wild man and shoot his seed down her throat in two seconds flat .
kent pumped his shaft until his seed released from the tip .
his c**k jerked inside her as his seed filled her womb .
one more deep thrust into her body , and his cry joined hers as he spilled his seed deep inside her .
he lifted them both higher and higher , built their pleasure and then spilled his seed within her .
as he slowed his movements and drained his hot seed into her , she attained her own release , screaming in ecstasy as she clenched against him .