he asked as he led her through the subtly lit trees and shrubs of the roof garden .
one whipped out a lighter and lit the candles then , just as quickly as they '' d appeared , all three of them disappeared into the forest of trees and shrubs .
maybe some bright curtains on the windows , some fat pillows and comfortable chairs on the front porch ... a handful of shrubs and flowers to soften the outside .
we were listening to an environmental discussion on saving the creeks and lakes , holding shovels as we prepared to work on soil erosion by planting some sort of shrub or bush , i ca n't remember what .
claire and autumn had searched every garden store for miles finding shrubs , perennials and annuals , and they 'd filled the boxes and borders as best they could given the time of year .
all four of them were standing outside ethan and autumn 's bunkhouse in the snow staring at an evergreen shrub that rob had been trimming .
and tomorrow , she had plans to visit several nurseries that might supply various plants and shrubs for her new business .
he was even able to identify many of the shrubs along the seacoast .
huge windows looked out onto a country garden where flowers , shrubs and stately trees cohabited in a harmony of nature .
she jerked her head back to face front and , headlight shining bright , she could see that they 'd left the road and had ended up in a shallow valley thick with shrubs and trees .
peggy had filled the yard with shrubs , herbs and abundant flowers of a variety of hues and fragrances .
as she took in the bubbling fountain in the center of the glass - enclosed area , the lush green plants and shrubs ringing the marble - tiled floor and impressive stone terrace , she did n't think she 'd seen anything more beautiful .
` ` because the shrubs do n't have pizzazz , '' she stated emphatically .
when he pulled into a large , beautiful house filled with mature trees and shrubs , she had the impression of a secret garden type of environment .
` ` just this afternoon , daniel saw you kissing brett hancock in the shrubs .
he turned sideways and squeezed into the shrubs , scraping his shirt as he reached the clearing - a place he had n't been in over fifteen years .
four windswept benches were centered on each side of the perimeter , four shrubs and the lawn they cornered were manicured , and various vines had spread across the trees behind the hedged borders .
he stopped her and backed her against the wall of shrubs .
the roman goddess statue , the protector of the garden , and the benches perched against all four walls of shrubs might have been weathered with time , and the trees and shrubs might have grown considerably , but every time andre came into the grove he was transported back to a time when he was no more than two .
the roman goddess statue , the protector of the garden , and the benches perched against all four walls of shrubs might have been weathered with time , and the trees and shrubs might have grown considerably , but every time andre came into the grove he was transported back to a time when he was no more than two .
trees , shrubs and flowers complemented a well - manicured lawn .
garden beds were a profusion of colour with petunias and geraniums mixed in with the greenery of shrubs .
most of the area surrounding it was paved with slabs of blue - green slate , but along the high side fences of the property , ensuring privacy , was a profusion of fern - trees , palms and tropical shrubs with shiny , colourful leaves , creating an environment that was visually exotic as well as inviting total relaxation .
protected from interlopers and sight - seers by a tall iron fence and a guard at the gatehouse , the glenmoor country club sprawled across acres of majestic lawns dotted with flowering shrubs and flower beds .
a shadow moved out from the shrubs near the doors , and austin 's carefully modulated , conciliatory voice stopped zack cold .
she was staring absently at the border of trees and shrubs at the edge of the garden - probably thinking up a list of questions for him , mitchell presumed wryly - when she stiffened suddenly and leaned forward .
sunlight glinted on the large panes of glass that marched across its front ; wide flights of shallow , terraced brick steps led from the drive to the massive front door , with stone urns containing clipped shrubs on both sides of every four steps .
he easily led them to the circle of benches nestled among the manicured shrubs .
from the looks of it , the home had been recently painted , perhaps that past fall , and squat shrubs sat in a row in front of the farmer 's porch .
right now the shrubs were still bare , but in the summer he imagined they 'd be alive with color .
there is just enough shade , and i do n't know how the gardeners do it , but every shrub and flowerbed looks amazing .
since they 'd come outside he 'd named at least ten or twelve different types of plants and shrubs .
turning her back on him , she flopped her purse over her back , raised her multilayered skirt , wrung its ends , took off one soggy shoe , then the other and dangled each over the marble balustrade , watering the shrubs with excess champagne before placing the shoes facedown to drain .
aside from the cluster of deserted - looking buildings , there was nothing for miles except cacti , shrubs , wildflowers , and tumbleweeds .
` ` great , my hair looks like a shrub . ''
thomas lived at the end of the driveway , beyond a section of thick shrubs .
there were more round boxwoods down there , and beyond that nothing but wide green meadows stippled with fall - colored trees and the occasional tall thin shrub gage had seen in photos of italy .
the shrubs were overgrown with ivy and there were loose branches everywhere .
because it was luis 's first day , the head guy asked him to walk around the campus and look for any shrubs or hedges that needed to be evened out .
the tall shrubs surrounding them were a temporary cool patch , one that gave no warning to the inferno dancing up the hill .
` ` the wind 's acting all squirrelly , and with the dry shrubs , the fire 's moving fast .
but when she saw that the shrubs all around his pool were encased in flames , which rose to twice the height of the plants , she stopped midstroke .
maya 's heart clenched as she uncapped the can and started pouring fuel onto the redwood decking and shrubs surrounding joseph 's cabin .
his vision starting to go , he hoisted himself onto a thick shrub he hoped would hold his weight .
flynn 's father , who rarely left his world of flowers and trees and shrubs , had taken the train into the city the day we moved into the apartment .
he does n't speak because he 's deaf and dumb , but he knows his way around a shrub . ''
i expected to see daryl waiting for me when i got back to the house , but there was no one except ethan who stood trimming the shrubs on the side of the house near my bedroom .
i found the hedge clippers on the ground next to the shrubs , but he was gone .
tall shrubs shield the spot entirely from view - it 's a perfectly quiet , perfectly private oasis ... in the middle of las vegas .
he glances toward the towering green shrubs that create a virtual wall around his estate , caging it in privacy .
on the right side was a raised box , filled with sand and stones and camouflaged on the back side by flowering shrubs .
he scowled and picked his way around rocks and shrubs , trying to keep the couple within his line of sight .
a small rustle of leaves coming from the shrubs .
a tall shrub swayed as if someone were behind it .
it looked out onto a beautiful , old - fashioned courtyard behind the house , complete with a rose trellis , greek statuary , and sculpted shrubs .
shrubs obscured most of the walls and tall plants blocked the streetlights from the area .
always paranoid about privacy , her father had hired gardeners to plant high shrubs all around her yard .
ravyn grabbed her and pulled her down behind a shrub as a car came down the street .
it was so complicatedly intricate , with twisting staircases that defied logic , misaligned arches , and backward - growing shrubs , that aidan could n't even grasp it .
she cast a suspicious glance to a shrub that turned from a whale into shark shape - one that tried to bite her as she walked past it .
the shrubs around them began to bleed .
skeletal bushes and shrubs rose out of the ground to tower like evil spirits .
he rose into that sexy predator pose with all his weight on one leg , while he scanned the landscape around them , and made sure that they were adequately shielded by the clump of shrubs .
so they walked past the fountain and to the maze made of bright green shrubs .
syn moved quickly and pulled shahara behind a tall shrub .
he motions out the window , where white blankets the grass and walkways , drapes every shrub and tree .
round shrubs stand in a solitary row outside .
if tanner notices the maneuver , he says nothing , leading us through a courtyard with mangy shrubs and dehydrated plants surrounding a rusted hibachi .
` ` now that 's just too much money , mary jane , '' he said , but he was thinking weed eater , lawn mower , brand - new electric shrub clippers , and sony color tv , and there was n't a reason in the world to declare this on his taxes .
when she bounded from the shrubs , her swords were already sheathed and twigs protruded from those haphazard braids .
jenks 's attention dropped to the twin statues spaced about ten feet apart , surrounded by new annuals and low shrubs .
breathless , i caught sight of two men vanishing behind a row of tall shrubs .
halfway through , we fell back , and i landed on that foundation shrub , my feet still dangling inside .
we were in someone 's backyard , fenced on two sides , with low shrubs separating it from the yard over .
large three - story buildings were situated around the property , and sidewalks surrounded by trimmed grass and small shrubs lined the walkways .
i could barely hear the muted passing of cars out on the main road and the quiet hum of insects in the shrubs outside .
flower beds ran the span of the house , and shrubs rose up to flank the freshly painted matching green door .
halfway home the pain in her stomach intensified , and she vomited into some shrubs planted under the window of a storefront .
the preschool was a large , white building with colorful letters splashed across the front and shrubs growing against its wal s. a wrought iron fence painted bright blue encompassed the grounds , and playground equipment fil ed the yard that was protected from the heat by a matching blue sunshade .
but my trek of rage drove me forward quickly , submerging me into an eerie surrounding , with the trail fading to thick shrubs , and at the end of it , only ugly , tangled trees and thorn - laced vines .
i felt so closed in , with low - lying shrubs and ferns at my feet and flowering vines covering nearly every other surface from floor to canopy .
it smelled like pine and fresh water , even though the maze was planted of shrub , and though the sun was bright outside these walls , the shadows behind them were thick , making it dark down here .
he released me and i scrambled back on my heels , stopping in the arms of the shrub wall .
the branches around my feet had shrivelled away from thick and bold to skinny and scrawny , the shrubs and grasses making way for cages of dead twigs .
yellow beams of summer light reached down through the pink leaves of oddly shaped trees , turning the shrubs along the path purple , like a canvas of endless colours to distract my lonely thoughts .
on the other side of the road , i could see her diving between the unruly shrubs in her yard and hear the slam of a front door .
the flower beds were full of more wire and trellis than actual flowers , dispersed among young shrubs , but once it matured , i thought , it would be a very pretty garden .
he pushed all that away , trying to focus on the tidbits of evidence he could find in the sand and shrubs .
i pull gage behind an overgrown shrub and we watch as a dull illumination emerges from the tree line .
a fire line erupts at our back , the shrub we were nestled in already reduced to cinders .
i park high up on the ridge behind a giant shrub and get out of the minivan .
i make my way over and pluck a dried shrub off her chest .
it 's not huge , it 's simple , but the view of the sound is breathtaking , and the white home itself is newer , with clean lines , tons of large windows , beautiful purple and blue hydrangeas lining the front of the house , and pruned shrubs lining the driveway .
beautiful shrubs and bushes border the tall privacy fence that encloses the yard .
there are shrubs lining the driveway , and flower gardens here and there .
instead of the solid , dependable dark grey from my childhood , it 's now a rust color , and the green shrubs on either side of the small porch look even brighter against the house .
his eyes drop down to my legs , which are criss - crossed by the bloody tendrils that infernal shrub left in its wake , and then they return to my face and i wonder what he sees there .
there were some tall , full trees by the parking lot , planted smart to throw shade on the cars in summer , well - clipped shrubs hugged close to the building .
and there was a line of short evergreen shrubs trimmed in perfect cones between the gazebos and the greenhouses , the shrubs delineating what my guess was the backyard , which was family - related , from what was probably more servant - related , the greenhouses .
and there was a line of short evergreen shrubs trimmed in perfect cones between the gazebos and the greenhouses , the shrubs delineating what my guess was the backyard , which was family - related , from what was probably more servant - related , the greenhouses .
all week , when she did eventually sleep , it was fitful , filled with strange dreams she could n't quite remember or disturbed by an odd tapping at the window that was most likely the branch of a tree or shrub but in the dark of night seemed something else , something sinister .
he shook his head and looked aside to the shrubs .
before she could remember why they should n't be smiling at each other , ford was heading across the bricks to a slight grassy rise on the side of the house that looked out over the water and was completely surrounded on the other three sides by tall , leafy shrubs .
she backed up , but her path was blocked by a thick shrub before she could get any farther from him and the words she knew he intended to use in exactly the same way he 'd used his kiss .
at first glance , it had n't looked too different from the way he remembered it , but now he noticed the peeling paint , the overgrown shrubs , the overly worn and slightly crooked front steps .
grayson parked in a dark corner behind a large grouping of shrubs at the very edge of the parking area .
before he could answer , she walked around the thick shrubs and finally saw the brightly lit barn , and the colored lanterns that were placed along the path from the parking area .
` ` it 's a damn nice planting , a hearty shrub . ''
glancing upward , he realized that she had picked one of the few stretches of stone that had no windows in it ... and it was shielded by the very long wall of tall shrubs that he himself was obstructed by .
even the shrubs that framed the front were neat and tidy .
with the highway heading out of town only a few feet away , and nothing but flat land and low shrubs all around , she felt like a target .
a couple of hummingbird feeders and a birdbath sat in a meticulously tended herb garden off to the right , but the trees and shrubs everywhere else were overgrown and the grass was a little too long .
hoping he could n't see her well enough to shoot her , she ducked behind any tree or shrub she could find .
if she got out and stood hidden in the shrubs , she might even be able to ascertain what went on at the door .
opening the door as quietly as possible , he slipped into the yard and maneuvered through the shrubs .
the woman is wringing her hands and crying about her new down pillow , but i block all of that out as i pick my spot next to a tree that is partially covered by a thick shrub .
for days it burned , killing every tree , every bush , every shrub and blade of grass , until nothing but ash and dust remained .
we spend the better part of the afternoon riding through copses and crawling on our bellies through shrubs and brambles to get close enough to assess the enemy 's position .
the trees and shrubs that grew in this portion of the grounds were among the oldest in villantry park .
the scenery rolled by , scrawny shrubs and flat land , its sparse - ness mirroring her bleak mood .
desert shrubs might look fragile and could even appear dried out and dead , but in truth they were tough and hardy .
short silvery grass trailed the path on both sides , flanked by a row of low emerald hedges , beyond which flowers bloomed : roses in a dozen shades , their heavy blossoms perfect ; constellation shrubs with bunches of star - shaped flowers in crimson , pink , and white ; yellow knight spears , their delicate flowerets shaped like tiny bells ... she would not be blooming .
somewhere between the shrubs , the dog glided , silent despite his bulk .
eggshell and white planters hung from the lattice , containing emerald green plants , mimosa , and edge vines dripping down to meet palms , carefully trimmed shrubs , and flowers growing in large planters on the floor .
cerise settled on a chair next to her , slipping the flower gadget under the nearest shrub .
she looked like she had sprouted from the mire itself , like some shrub from a mud bank .
the shrubs shook , as if taunting him , and a big square head thrust through the leaves .
it did n't like the light and stuck to the shadows cast by the shrubs , blending into the gloom , so the only thing she could see clearly were its eyes : two slits of uniform , slightly luminescent gray , like slanted holes into a skull stuffed with rain clouds .
amy brushed her curly blond hair from her face and squinted at the shrubs .
in front of her , wide windows offered the view of the lawn running into shrubs bordering the grass .
a tall , dark - haired man stepped into the road from between the shrubs .
declan unbuckled his sheath and leaned it and the sword against a shrub .
ornamental shrubs and flowers formed green barriers , slicing the deck into smal private sections .
slinging carly 's bag over his shoulder and taking her hand , tiger led her down the walk to the street , keeping to the shadows of trees and shrubs .
it came slowly , like molasses , from the dark spaces deep between the roots , washing over trees , leaching color from the greenery , drenching it in shadows , until the shrubs and foliage turned dark , almost gray .
i could almost see the road through the shrubs .
it came slowly , like molasses , from the dark spaces deep between the roots , washing over trees , leaching color from the greenery , drenching it in shadows , until the shrubs and foliage turned dark , almost grey .
* * * the scenery rolled by , scrawny shrubs and flat land , its sparseness mirroring her bleak mood .
save for a few ancient oaks , he had planted all the trees and shrubs that grew in such abundance around his house .
sitting on a stone bench , she admired the shrubs , the changing leaves on the trees , the smooth , green grass .
it was easier to imagine him living in a run - down house surrounded by gaunt trees and dying shrubs .
several tall trees and shrubs grew alongside the parkway , shielding him from passersby .
after pulling onto the road again , he drove a mile or two and then turned off on a one - lane dirt road flanked by shrubs and tall trees .
surrounded by tall trees and shrubs , the building looked like it had been transplanted from some medieval setting .
even as that thought crossed my mind , i realized that the thick shrub would prevent anyone from seeing us .
it was a lovely old place , surrounded by tall trees , shrubs , and flowering plants .
twinkling colored lights shone in the shrubs and the trees , and glowed from the bottom of the pool .
colorful flowers and shrubs lined the walkways , surrounded by white , wrought - iron fencing that was clearly intended to protect the blooms from small , curious hands .
flexing his muscles , he began to run along an old deer trail lined with trees and shrubs .
located in a secluded glade well off the main highway , surrounded by tall trees and shrubs , the building might have been transplanted from some medieval setting .
if the driver happened to look through the trees and shrubs , i 'd be spotted .
he bullies his way through the treetops like a bear through shrubs , sticky with pine sap , whipped by branches .
moving silently through the small shrub garden that backed the lawn , she reached the large tree with the branch that was perfect for a swing .
surreal and rose finally walked back to the shrub garden .
2 - terreille kartane inserted a key into a small , inset door hidden by a row of shrubs .
twisting around , she probed the shrub garden behind her .
walls had been removed , trees and shrubs cleared , floors refinished ; i loved a fixer - upper .
the quaintness overwhelmed me once more , the cottages flush with shrub roses and hollyhocks , trellises covered with flowering vines and saturated with fat bumblebees zinging this way and that .
as he fiddled with the lock i glanced around , noting the orange trees , the honeysuckle vines , the shrub roses .
the interior of the fence was lined with shrubs and hedges , so the lawns were shielded from public view .
i sat down on a bench bookended by a dead shrub and a pile of dirty snow , which seemed about right .
i fired off another shot and then dragged honor off to the side and crouched behind some overgrown trees and shrubs .
he snapped as he fished the cell phone out of the shrub .
there were shrubs and rose bushes planted along the front and several windows that looked out onto the huge pool .
he flew backward , hit the ground , and slid into a large shrub that lined the property .
the area where they 'd landed sported a waterfall , a small lake lit by torchlight , and dozens of potted trees and shrubs , creating a sort of outdoor garden .
as at the underground cavern , what surprised her was all the plants , like this was any ordinary beach community with window boxes full of trailing vines , flowers , and even small shrubs .
she could vaguely discern someone running behind her , but her mind was a whirl of angry mush , so she kept pushing on , heading in the direction of leto 's cabin , pushing past fir branches , hopping over big stumps and logs , flying over shrubs and ferns .
she thought of mei - amadi , and her apparition - self moved swiftly through the shrubs and even past the death vampires .
the temperature in the garden was very comfortable , and because of the thick shrubs , flowers , and trees , a wonderful humidity eased the dryness of the mountain environment .
the next room bore white flowers on varying shrubs and smaller plants : roses , white lantana , even star jasmine that climbed a half dozen trellises at evenly spaced intervals .
thousands of flowers , trees , and shrubs filled every bed .
the hillside was nothing but a black monolith this late at night , a dark presence of ancient volcanic rock burnished by the desert sun , dotted with prickly pear and scattered oily creosote shrubs .
she backed away from him in small shuffles since a bank of shrubs was directly behind her .
his sister , helena , had planted this shrub in scottsdale two - on the mansion grounds of the home she 'd built with kerrick .
she had trained a dozen or so shrubs against a long stone wall at the back of the property .
the house sat on a good quarter acre and backed up to a wilderness of cacti , native desert shrubs , gullies and washes .
the lights blazed to keep the shrubs healthy .
he could hear the chattering of the shrub birds from where he stood .
a soft , exquisite layer of snow , as far as the eye could see , rolled out before him , unbroken by trees or shrubs .
the vibrations soothed her and made her smile , even as the land sloped ever downward and the snow began to show more rocks and shrubs .
beyond the glass windows , she saw extensive landscaping with shrubs , lawn , flowerbeds all leading to the hillside and a short stone wall with wide , seating pavers on top .
the oaks past the wall , had been left in a natural state of long grasses and shrubs left to grow wild .
she retold the vision in great detail , adding as much as came to her including the pines on the facing ridges , the shrubs , the dry streambed , the monolith to the east , the way the gorge felt tragic .
she did n't have a problem with the house itself , but the lack of shrubs , trees , plants and flowers gave the white stucco an austere , unwelcoming look .
fortunately for him , the neighborhood was an old one , filled with overgrown trees and shrubs , and populated by neighbors who eschewed fences , most likely because the neighborhood association frowned upon them .
and there were thick shrubs obscuring the driveway , so maybe she would n't notice the absence of a car .
he and his gardeners had successfully planted more than a score of trees as well as flowering shrubs .
many of the trees and shrubs would take years to mature , so to fill in he 'd planted faster - growing vegetation such as evergreens , both to provide background and to give shelter to the tender hardwoods .
the flames had leaped to the artfully planted trees and shrubs and were racing through the open gallery where the musicians usually performed .
an ancient knot garden lay here , formed of yew shrubs and decorated with statues of knights and warriors .
she saw kane and port whispering to each other near a cluster of snow - covered shrubs .
the shrubs on the roof had been planted and carefully cultivated to look part of the natural surroundings .
he knew every boulder and shrub .
the humvee was n't the most comfortable ride , bouncing them all over the place as she went over rocks and patches of thick shrubs .
the heavy vehicle had no trouble going through the shifting terrain , mowing down shrubs and bumping over rocks .
there was only one real way down , consisting of a narrow slope that ran down over boulders and shrubs .
boulders and large shrubs gave way to trees and thick undergrowth .
the truck uprooted shrubs and plants , sending them , along with smaller rocks , tumbling down the slope , creating a mini avalanche .
the canyon was steep , narrow , and covered in dense shrubs and trees .
he spotted the reaper going up what looked like a very steep side , powering the bike over rocks and shrubs to get to the top .
behind the low - lying shrubs , she lay in the dirt and painstakingly dug a small depression .
he had one foot on the stairs and the other planted on a small shrub as he cradled his gun and peered into the house .
a few trees and shrubs spread out , but most of it was asphalt .
the soldiers tramped through the forest , using bayonets to thrust into the thick shrubs and ferns .
as she flashed past the wind - lashed shrubs , a huge man emerged from the bushes , streaking toward her .
at his urging , briony slipped into the courtyard among the overgrown shrubs and the windbent trees .
at times the road seemed more of a faint , pitted track , overgrown with shrubs and grasses .
the trees and shrubs took on a sinister quality , rising high and dark and ominous , as if lurking in the shadows were monsters ready to leap out and devour her .
if you 're all that hungry , go pick a few shrubs .
awareness of every living tree , shrub and plant nearby rose until it was absolutely acute .
she sank down behind a shrub and went very still .
a waterfall burst from the side of a mountain , crystalline and shiny , tumbling to the wide pool beneath it where giant ferns ringed the water and shrubs and plants congregated close .
the opening had provided room on the forest floor for shrubs , ferns and flowers to grow in abundance .
splashes of color mixed in with trees and shrubs .
the house is up on a small hill and most of it is hidden behind shrubs and small trees .
dark beige curtains frame the outside edges of her only access to the outside world , while white sheers fill the middle , making it almost impossible to see what 's going on beyond the shrubs that run underneath .
she looked across the street , where cars no longer drove , where trees now grew in beds lush with shrubs and tropical flowers , her mouth twisted up as if she was n't sure she wanted to say anything at all .
then there was the shrub layer which was made of even more widely spaced trees , all of which were much shorter ; covering that were harvey and reuben merely because chico and damien did n't like trees - or , more specifically , they did n't like the insects that crawled along them - so i had to put them on the forest floor .
i was covering the shrub layer and forest floor , but both of us were keeping in contact using his telepathy .
actually , some call them shrubs or bushes because they can grow in all forms .
there are shrubs in grey stone tubs and a chic metal table and chairs set up in one corner .
travis helped abby descend the steps of the gazebo , and they walked down the aisle before disappearing behind a wall of trees and shrubs .
a strange longing suddenly welled up in me , filling my mind with images of desert shrubs and cherry trees in bloom .
we climb out timidly , looking around at the shrubs and trees like they 're going to come alive .
the summer rains had been more generous even than usual in this damp place , and the tips of drowned shrubs poked limp and tattered above water that had run over its banks .
in the winter , there were no shrubs or flowers growing , but leafless aspens and larches spread a delicate tracery against the sky , and a deep green moss cradled the stones , thriving despite the cold .
i was obliged to do the same , for the hillside above the house was thick with grass and thorny shrubs that caught at the coarse wool skirts of my borrowed robe .
drops fell singly from the shrubs and trees , with a pit - a - pat drip that echoed the ringing left in my ears by the storm 's roar .
welcome coolness in the heat , comfort in the midst of woe there was plenty of cool greenery available ; the gardens covered the best part of a hundred acres , with trees , bushes , shrubs , vines , and flowers of all descriptions - and the odd exotic fungus thrown in here and there for variety .
with a deep sigh , i walk to the dying shrub to the left of the front door , fish out the spare key that 's tied to a string that dangles inside it , and open the front door .
through her , i could see trees and shrubs flit by as she ran , though she never got out of my sight .
the rain was now so heavy that in places around the yard it ran in rivers ; the drains gurgled a protest , and the chickens huddled in ruffled groups under the shrubs .
i watched the bombed and pitted borders give way to more orderly towns , where whole rows of houses existed without visible damage , their black beams strident against white render , their gardens filled with pruned shrubs and well - tended vegetable patches .
that friday it rained all day - warm , heavy sheets of it , like we were in the tropics , making the guttering gurgle and bowing the stems of the flowering shrubs as if in supplication .
thankfully i only fell into the shrubs that ran the length of the porch .
` ` at least these shrubs seem a little less dangerous than that downed tree . ''
* when she can see again , she finds herself in a most extraordinary garden filled with chrysanthemums the size of small buildings , rose shrubs tall as skyscrapers , emperor lilies hanging like perfumed vulva from their many thorned branches .
something , outside was haunting my grounds , rustling among the bushes and shrubs of my estate .
already i can hear in the shrubs and bushes outside a maddened expulsion , like a rabid dog barking at a decomposing carcass it has found .
the children were playing behind shrubs and could not be seen by the riders .
the path to the shed was covered with low growing shrubs and thistle , not an impossible journey for the injured boy , but a difficult one he needed to make .
under the shrub , lay the half - eaten body of a small child .
they had not seen a tree or shrub since doing so .
brown patches of shrubs became more common , and at one point kozz saw smoke on the horizon which he attributed to another harvester 's fire - warmed home .
thin shrubs scattered across the forest floor , dotted with small patches of broad - leaved ferns .
it 's beautiful with flowerbeds , shrubs and tall umbrella pines surrounding the courtyard and sea and blue hills in the distance .
' petra , my darling daughter , ' says ariella , stepping out from behind some shrubs .
there were no walls , or if there were , all were concealed by flowers , small trees , shrubs , and fountains .
the trees had all been cut down , and thick , gnarled weeds overgrew the bank of dead shrubs along the periphery .
the expanse was covered in foot - high grass and the occasional shrub , but offered no good place to hide .
the foot - high clumps of grass and small shrubs would at least offer a modest amount of camouflage .
it was well lined with heavy shrubs and a few trees , and it looked like an ideal spot to remain completely hidden if the need arose .
i made my way into the shrubs , careful to not leave any visible signs of a trail as i went .
we stacked our heavy rock walls and cleared a few shrubs that would give us a better view back down the hill .
it was decided that bull , allie , and susi would lie in wait around the east side of the ridge for the damaged demon while i took up position in my previous recon spot amongst the shrubs , just below the mother ship .
the snow shapes itself into unfamiliar mounds that might be the propane grill off to the side of the porch ; or that prickly old shrub in the corner by the fence .
they had landed in a heavily forested area and through his research ; he knew that on earth , trees and shrubs were not to be feared as on some other planets .
some paths lay hidden beneath overgrown ground covering or shrubs , while some paths were completely unrecognizable to the newcomer .
every tree looked like a whoosper , each shrub seemed to have wings and he could have sworn he heard the moos from a herd of cattle .
i could see quite clearly even from this distance each beautiful manicured garden , all with brightly coloured flowers and shrubs basking in the sunshine .
we turned down a wide boulevard ; orange trees lined each side of the road and in between colourful shrubs grew .
this was not a city that i recognised , it was surrounded by greenery of thick lush trees and shrubs , the city did not appear large but in its centre stood a large four sided building , much bigger , but not unlike the temple within which i now stood .
there was no green here , i had not seen a single tree or even a small shrub since we passed over the ealle river delta and left dahlambronis .
gwldln was a stunning surprise , it was beautiful , its buildings were works of architectural art and trees and shrubs grew everywhere .
there were terraces and walkways , stair cases winding around , sloping pathways and avenues lined with trees and shrubs .
eventually we came out of the stifling undergrowth and stood within a clearing , the trees gave way to long grass and short flowering shrubs and to my delight clear water ran straight as an arrow across the clearing in a criss - cross of canals alongside of which ran compacted mud pathways raised above the surrounding grasses .
but whenever she looked properly there was nothing to be seen , just the soft movement of the plants and shrubs or maybe a cat , sitting quietly cleaning itself .
we stopped in a mass of branches and shrubs , hidden from view .
they are heedless busybodies swooping around the skies , eavesdropping from behind shrubs and sheepishly claiming its for the good of public knowledge when they get caught doing it .
extending before her over the entire interior of the ship was a manicured park , with grassy banks and clusters of trees and shrubs and colourful flowerbeds and a stream meandering through it , together with many paths leading through the shrubbery to numerous pagodas and other small buildings .
it opened onto a wide forecourt lined with flowering shrubs .
above her , the domed roof of the ship was still shining with its internal light , as though nothing was amiss , and below her the grass and the shrubs and the flowers were still full of colour .
hydra saw a patch of shrubs on the farther side of the yardthere was a stream behind it .
they rode for another couple of minutes before dismounting and approaching the stream on foot , the water snaking its way through a small gully with tall prickly shrubs on either side .
he nosed around the base of the shrubs the three children hid behind before plopping down to give his legs a break .
` ` if they have the technology to be here , which should be next to impossible anyway , then they already know we 're sitting here behind these shrubs . ''
liberty surfaced from behind the shrubs .
the aliens waited beneath a bridge on the outskirts of the town , behind a dense thatch of shrubs .
several buildings are obviously homes with individual touches of flowers and arranged shrubs .
i think of nick , who s always living adventures in his head when he s not acting as grandpas legs so he wo nt have to give up on pruning shrubs and planting pansies .
trees , shrubs , grass , and flowersi see more green in a few days than i have in my entire life .
she pointed to a withered crop of shrubs at the edge of the town , fighting against the incoming torrent of sand .
i also think that some of these plants might be edible , ` ` he explained while reaching out and stroking a red shrub popping out of the ground .
already she could see grasses and shrubs beginning to emerge and fill in the space , converting the former prison into a scrubby plain .
they entered a scrubby marsh , the tracks forming a narrow trail between knee - high bushes and shrubs , and the land began to feature low slopes and hills , with occasional dwarf trees no taller than ember appearing on either side .
she 'd peer closely at flowers and shrubs , pluck pieces off them and turn them over repeatedly , or sometimes she 'd hitch her skirt , wading out to her favourite rock where she 'd sit as still as a statue .
this time the scholar slipped behind trees and shrubs .
myriad blazes sprang up to feed more sparks to clumps of bushes and shrubs and , as it was summer and very dry , daxel became suddenly aware he and brue were in real danger of being trapped in an inferno .
mostly all that could be seen were shrubs and paving .
from all sides of the avenues were terraces , some of them stepped ; there were plazas and sunken courts full of shrubs , pots of every conceivable shape and size , and sculptures .
the courtyard , where choja signalled a halt , was like all others except in size ; there was sculpture in abundance and shrubs interspersed with ornamental pots .
soji walked stealthily until she reached the shelter of the tall shrubs , then she ran , knowing her life depended on it .
under foot were ferns , small shrubs , and grasses that sprang up after being trodden on .
on the day of the deaths , willard white had been mixing chemicals to spray on the shrubs .
the trees were thin on a small jut of rocky soil , and jorge pushed through the wild blueberry shrubs and laurel .
jorge emerged from the shrubs , thinking about how he would get marina down the mountain if she was sick , how far they might travel before sundown , and where they would spend the night .
chapter nineteen rachel worked the shadows and shrubs , keeping low as she searched for stephen .
yeah , she muttered under her breath , and then she launched herself from the shrubs and ran , crouching and keeping an eye on the house , her broken pruning shears held before her like a jousting lance .
thin trees are spaced farther from one another and lower - growing shrubs offer little shelter .
i scan the immediate area , searching tall weeds and brush , shrubs and small trees .
the lady reached it in less time than he anticipated , and julio compensated by almost sliding down the slope littered with grass and shrub patches in an unpredictable pattern .
we found a patch of shrubs and grass and maneuvered around until we found a way to sleep on it .
green shrubs spotted the desert ground .
he walked to the nearest shrub , something he had never seen , very unlike the lab vegetation .
[ laughter ] joy riding , drag racing , tee - peeing neighbors propertiessneaking around during the night , draping toilet paper over trees , shrubs , rooftops , mailboxes , cars experimenting with intoxicants , breaking rules and curfews , pulling pranks , engaging in unsafe and risky behaviors of all kinds occur as common behaviors in almost every culture among immature humans .
they located their possessions among the dead shrubs and the dull green picker weeds .
once on the other side , he followed the fence line shrouded in shrubs and the privacy fences of the people whose land bordered the industrial park .
he led her down the hill into the area of wood walled off by thick shrubs of sharp pink .
they were outside in a garden filled with shrubs and massive trees .
they walked around the shrubs and through the garden .
calling nobs in a whisper , i cautioned him to silence and kept him at heel while i threw myself flat and watched , from behind a sheltering shrub , a body of warriors approaching the cliff from the south .
the trees , the flowers and the shrubs were of a hardier type , and i realized that at night the galu blanket might be almost a necessity .
the soft light of the half - moon faintly illuminated the valleys steep , grassy sides ; the scattered shrubs and low trees adding a mottled , blotchy effect to the slopes .
heavy oxidation marred most of the exposed surfaces , staining the limestone black , while weeds and stunted shrubs smattered the layout .
` ` the small shrubs over there look quite healthy and there 's plenty of water . ''
a moment 's disorientation followed , as she took in the tall shrubs and weeds around her , and adjusted to the switch from illusion to reality again , as though waking from a dream .
fertile gardens filled every yard and lush shrubs dotted the alien landscape .
robots were at work planting hardy shrubs outside the bio dome as scientists rode around on rovers to report on the plants overall health .
the dwarf pulled loose and ran huffing and wheezing into the nearest cover of shrubs and trees where they could not easily follow .
they selected a place to stop in a coppice of bushy shrubs .
so , after six years of an easy ride , he d been flung into the real world with degrees in shrub shaping and bathtub installation .
with those seemingly useless degrees , he d created a very profitable business called shrub and tub .
i can be called at any time for a shrub or a tub problem .
you would nt believe some of the shrub problems i ve been called in the middle of the night about .
there were plenty of cacti and shrubs , but no sign of gustav .
cursing himself for his panic , but unable to control it , he dove under the largest shrub at hand , and hugged the ground , hoping they would n't see him , hoping even more that they would n't see his panic .
we have a long hike ahead of us , and we might have to run now and then , or dive under shrubs .
an automatic sprinkling system watered a well - manicured lawn and numerous eastern looking shrubs .
this was the colorado plateau , in which there was plenty of desert and shrub land , though there were scattered forests in high valleys and on jagged mountainsides that at least suggested water to support life beyond snakes , insects , and sagebrush .
she could concentrate on the strange specimens of tree and shrub , flower , and stone far ahead , following them with her eyes until they were close , dead even , and then lost far behind them .
hinev came to adore the smell of the ripening sher - inn wafting on the breeze as the warm season approached , the smell of the last days of the warm season , when the bite of the coming cold stung the air and stung his nose ; he knew the scents of nature , the individual scents of each animal , of the trees and shrubs and plants ; he knew the land with such intimacy , and the land knew him , as if both of them had been fashioned for each other .
dogs and cats and a few lizards roamed the slopes , darting in and out of shrubs and bushes .
their land was unsuitable for farming or even for the natural growth of trees or shrubs whose fruit could be harvested .
a moment later , brynt burst from behind a shrub .
the trees and shrubs showed their vibrant green to me , the ground a deep , rich black , sadie , red leaking from small wounds on her flesh , dotting her fur in shiny bright beads that looked like jewelry , the rottweiler , his black coat mangy in spots with scarlet droplets of blood spraying off his fur as he shook .
we walked through some more jungle area which then transitioned to more open vegetation with saw - grass and smaller shrubs .
or rather , uselessly rubbing common tree sap into your wound , which could perhaps worsen your infection or maybe cause a small shrub to begin growing directly out of your abdomen ?
now da xiora saw upland meadows with soft blue - grey grass and feathery shrubs but she spotted no animals .
she followed her route back to the bakery , checking along the sidewalk , in the grass and shrubs .
he tied the mule to a nearby shrub and left for the main entrance .
but there was the mule that munched on the shrub as though it had not abandoned him earlier .
they go outdoors and take a path along the river , between dense shrubs .
transfer nihil is following a path edged with thorny shrubs , that winds up a hill .
tiny creatures take off from a shrub and go to hide in long grass .
rocky columns , towering in the parched plain , cast long narrow shadows on the stones , while , pushed by the evening breeze , reddish shrubs are rolling all around .
he sets out for a shrub a few hundred meters away where there are huge pink flowers .
our little shrub did all that ?
or we can synthesize some of these shrubs in the lab , i ' m sure sys wo n't have any trouble doing that , '' sarah smiled .
half of the leaves on the gardenia shrubs were consumed to the bare branches and solomon had found refuge all the way up one of the pear trees , hissing like a tea kettle with all its fur standing on end .
as a field is being cleared , sita is found in the shrubs , and raised by the king .
on their field trip , one small shrub had tightly furled its leaves in response to the leaf cutting .
up close , the scene looked like a cave , surrounded by large trees , with shrubs and clumps of grass covering the roof and vines nearly obscuring its entrance .
babbling on about talking to trees and shrubs with different smells .
the vegetation was made up of low grasses , with the occasional shrub .
the inmates left their campfires burning all night , disturbed every shrub they passed , left a trail of uncovered scat .
standing by the fence , hiding behind those shrubs , holding it in .
she stayed so far back that she was indistinguishable from the shrubs and trees , yet she had the impression that bledsoe always knew exactly where she was .
those are nt shrubs out there , those re treetops .
this forest , it has giant , skinny trees with dense shrubs for hair .
he climbed the hillock , down the other side , and hid behind some shrubs , waiting .
trees , shrubs , and plants devoured nearly every inch of soil and air .
he had n't anticipated that there would have been such a long span of shrubs and bushes just beyond the fence .
finally , josh pulled his knife and attacked a small shrub , chopping it to small pieces .
ivy drapes the fence and leafy palms and flowering shrubs seem to fill every available inch on the perimeter of the yard .
it sailed into the low , winter dead shrubs and brush at the end of the wooded area .
the front end caught and began to tip downward as the shrubs and the trees snatched at it .
there is nothing before us but rolling hills and stands of shrubs .
the leaves and branches and shrubs were clearly seeable before the eyes of this beast , as if enlightened with a broad and yet slight yellow light .
it proceeded its way past such branches and shrubs and very sharp thorns without the least scratch or cut , as its skin , veiled by its gray furs , was assuredly impenetrable and protective .
there was not a tree nor a shrub in any viewable direction , only sparse shriveled brown patches that lay flat against the scorched prairie .
he looked out into the vast , shimmering emptiness ahead of them ; there were a few desert shrubs and the odd withered cactus about the place , they had passed the bleached bones of some poor beast that had wandered out here a couple of miles back , but no sign of any plane .
there were hundreds of small desert shrubs and flowers in full bloom , many of them hanging from the sides and ceiling of an enormous overhang that would have hidden the whole area from aerial view .
must be a bit awkward for the one that drops first ... yicle gave a vehement kick to one as he passed , it plopped over into the shrubs .
as he looked around and in front of him , he saw movement in the shrub far ahead .
the barbarian was burning tires to ignite stubborn things : not just those fresh - cut shrubs and trees , but probably denises roomful of leather - bound classics as well , reducing flaubert and proust into illiterate scrawls of smoke .
but every single shrub and bulb had been planted by his hand .
i really ca n't see a couple of shrubs turning hardened thugs and bounty hunters into new age model citizens .
the canis leapt past the never - ending trees , evading branches and thornily shrubs and plants like none of the eversors behind were able to accomplish .
if there s a separation between lots its something symbolic , apologetic almost , like knee - high shrubs .
we move into a desert sparsely covered with knee - high shrubs .
as we do , i keep an eye on passing debris , shrubs and other potential cover , just in case we hear the bikes .
we hit the ground hard , crashing through a shrub behind the abandoned car .
i stop in a patch of shrubs on the edge of the area and watch for a while , just in case .
big road is largely disintegrated here , but the general path remains , a little less overgrown with shrubs than the land to either side .
strangely , the shrubs , trees and other plant - life taper out until becoming noticeably absent toward the cliff .
wade conceals the vehicle with some shrubs and other plants and leads us into the cave .
its the vehicle we ve been following , empty and concealed by shrubs and fallen branches .
we ve gone less than half a mile when the tangled trees and shrubs give way to a vast clearing .
giant fractals , chaotic and unaltered , spiked the fat limb , the large spaces in - between covered by moss , flower and forests of tall shrub , bush and vine .
this is a rynbios shrub .
outside the city wall was a vast open field with shrubs and trees here and there .
carmen kept on at speed only to pull a hard left at the last moment where she ran down a low fence before their truck plunged off the highway then bounced over the rough ground on the way down a gentle slope of tall grass and shrubs .
your people once thought they would protect them and so fed them the best of the fruits from tree , shrub , and limb . ''
he could also see a mound of smoking coal , a few battered shrubs and his own doom waiting outside !
after a while he left the road and walked close to the hedges and shrubs .
i shrugged off my pack and placed it down beside a small shrub .
the place was a jungle of vines , trees , shrubs and waist high grass .
there were ferns and vines and shrubs .
a minute or so later , they reached the first clutch of shrubs .
he walked between a pair of concrete supports and crouched to get under a wayward shrub branch .
one can not grab a shrub and wave it around while screaming out nonsensical cantuses . ''
the trees and shrubs disappeared as they left the strange oasis .
then , fascinated , he watched as a small deer fled by , somehow able to leap in and out of the saplings and shrubs growing in the swamp with only the moon to light its way .
they could feel the wash from its propellers stirring the leaves on shrubs around them .
lots of shrubs . ''
they were harder to find , but he rummaged around the forest floor , looking for dead shrubs or at least shrubs with dead branches .
they were harder to find , but he rummaged around the forest floor , looking for dead shrubs or at least shrubs with dead branches .
a. roundin , b. lev , and y. j. prutt , proceedings of the society of plant chemistry , 80 , 11 - 18 ( 1930 ) , ' natural products isolated from shrubs of the genus rosacea . '
grains and fruit trees came first ; shrubs , flowers and grass afterward .
it was a pleasant , airy cabin , set on a little rise , with ferns and glistening - leaved shrubs all about , and a towering redwood tree just a short distance away .
22 fastolfe moved slowly forward , plucking a leaf from a shrub that he passed , bending it in two , and nibbling at it .
only a minority of the shrubs and flowers were planted in raised beds .
an enclosing hedge of exotic purple - leaved shrubs was in red flower - giant blossoms with delicate stamens of deep yellow .
beyond the fence the ground sloped sharply , into trees and shrubs and eventually to marshy ground and a fast - moving stream .
defensive iii , a flap - flap man - made pelican which held within it a limitless fuel supply ; it could circle , at low altitude , for months , while , within , the pilot lived off his suit as our grandparents had lived off trees and shrubs .
he was scratched and poked , but not severely jolted , as the shrubs collapsed to cushion him .
many of the shrubs , he noticed , had been nibbled ; bare branches showed , indicating that a good number of mr . tree 's sheep were in the vicinity .
sand was visible in the plantings and , in the valleys between dunes , there was parched ground , yellow grass , the sticklike shrubs .
a sweet acridity and the musky oils of oasis shrubs , these dominated the odors .
the forests had been gone long now , replaced by the monotonous flat country : endless , desolate fields gone to timothy and low shrubs , shacks , eerie , deserted estates guarded by brooding , shadowed mansions where demons undeniably walked ; leering , empty shanties where the people had either moved on or had been moved along , an occasional dweller 's hovel , given away by a single flickering point of light in the dark , or by sullen , inbred clans toiling silently in the fields by day .
outside the shed window ... silent , desolate rock hills , with only a few shrubs , dried up and dying , as far as the eye could see .
wind rustled the leaves of vegetation , the shrubs which looked as if they had been skinned down to their elements : bare and picked over , like bones stuck upright in the soil .
alec got on his hands and knees and crawled out from around the tree , keeping under the line of shrubs and bushes .
new plants came in , desert shrubs that made it impossible for grass to return .
rigor mortis had set in , and her body jerked stiffly as it moved over low shrubs and desert cactus .
` ` at first , arctic grasses and shrubs were the only plants that could take hold in the barren glacial soil .
the landscape here was dotted with strange shrubs that kaladin did n't recognize .
the windspren came back - she 'd darted off for a time to inspect one of the strange shrubs .
leaves unfolded from shrubs and trees .
there were also occasional prickletacs : the needly , stone - limbed little shrubs kaladin had noticed his first time through the area .
at his advent , plants curled up their leaves , rockbuds closed their shells , and shrubs withdrew their branches .
a person was like a dense forest thicket , overgrown with a twisting mess of vines , weeds , shrubs , saplings , and flowers .
the trees over there are shaking like shrubs . ''
the shopper lands atop one of the shrubs flanking the front steps .
and when he was very small , she had brought him to this quiet sanctuary of old homes , pointing out to him her favorite spots , and the great smooth lawns often half concealed by the camellia shrubs .
and often when they passed , michael saw a curious and solitary man standing alone among the highly unkempt shrubs , far to the back of the neglected garden .
almost all the light was gone from the lawn now , from the distant encroaching shrubs .
did anyone see through the thick shrubs the dead woman in the chair ?
the shrubs closed out the kitchen light behind them as they climbed the low flagstone steps .
but he was still uneasy , and he gave a sigh of relief when they moved back into uncleared shrub land , darker in the night .
chris slipped , grasping at branches and shrubs to break his slide .
the hallandren liked plants ; most of the homes were shaded by trees , vines , and exotic blooming shrubs .
` ` you may keep working here until it is done , '' temeraire said to iskierka , rather smugly , ` ` since it was all your notion , '' and carried laurence over to the clearings , where ballista was already improving their comfort by smashing up shrubs and thornbrake with her barbed tail .
they had found him dead in the field , and the trees and shrubs picked clean .
when dominant species are removed by either logging or burning , it allows for the growth of what are termed ' suppressed species , ' the smaller shrubs and plants .
but she knew atop the apostolic palace lay a hidden garden , with fountains , trellis - lined paths , and neatly manicured shrubs .
they had abandoned the motorbike at the bottom of a narrow gorge , hiding it among some flowering alpine rose shrubs .
as they crossed the slate floor , gray noted that the conservatory 's flora consisted of organized sections : bonsai trees and shrubs , a fern garden , and last , a section that was dense with orchids .
shrubs decorated its steep slopes , along with weeping willows , cork trees , and several species of bamboo .
red - hot boulders the size of small cars struck the forest and slopes around them , bouncing away , setting fire to trees and shrubs .
the walls on either side of him were becoming steeper , and there were no more trees or even shrubs .
and then- something he wrote off as a shrub begins to crawl .
a row of juniper shrubs along the front .
the scraggly shrubs and barren rocks looked no more hospitable than the terrain surrounding the lost mesa preserve in arizona .
wildflowers brightened the ground , the shrubs looked more robust , and trees came into view .
seth could hear hugo crashing through the undergrowth , snapping limbs and flattening shrubs .
they reached the drawbridge and passed over a shallow , dry moat choked with thorny shrubs .
he remained intent on the shrubs along the left side of the path .
seth swiveled and saw doren , the satyr , peering over a glossy shrub with broad leaves .
her gaze wandered to the island at the center of the pond , where the tiny shrine to the fairy queen lay hidden among the shrubs .
this time , bowl in hand , kendra traipsed diagonally across the island , shoving between shrubs on an undeviating path to her destination .
amid the shadowed shrubs of the garden , kendra noticed the colorful twinkle of fairies flitting about .
seth asked , pointing to a lower hill not far away , brilliant with flowers and blossoming shrubs and fruit trees .
a cluster of fairies played among the blossoms of a nearby shrub .
kendra sprinted toward the woods , taking the most direct route she could , tromping through flowerbeds and knifing between blossoming shrubs .
the same barrier that had kept olloch out of the yard was in full effect for the limberjack as well.293 seth squatted behind a leafy shrub near the edge of thewoods .
kendra raised her head to peek over the shrub , but seth pulled her down .
we ' ve seen what they can do , seth said , backing away from the shrub .
she heard the imp closing in behind her , snapping twigs and tromping through shrubs .
just more trees and shrubs .
there began to be more space between the trees , and the shrubs grew closer to the ground .
kendra led him away from the pool through the garden to some flowering shrubs on the outskirts of the yard .
although the island had no trees , it had many shrubs , many of them taller than kendra .
there were also spindly little shrubs that grew in cracks and along hillsides .
the shrubs grew prolifically , spreading wherever they could find purchase .
` ` trees , '' she said , ` ` rocks , shrubs .
the sand dunes were becoming shorter and shallower and , not far in the distance , they seemed to end in a long , flat plain of rocky red soil , dotted with scarce , prickly shrubs .
` ` can you guess how long it will take to reach those shrubs ? ''
she might as well have been a shrub or a tree or a tree trunk .
at least we could count on no one trying to kill us as we sat there , protected by overturned tables and a few strategically placed shrubs .
i ca n't be entirely certain how beldin managed it , but ' the puzzle ' was a gnarled and twisted root of some low - growing shrub - heather , perhaps - and each time i took it up to study it , it seemed to change .
djukta looks like an ambulatory shrub .
it was set slightly back from the street and was surrounded by well - trimmed shrubs and an iron fence .
he built up a very small fire of twigs and twisted chunks of the branches of desert shrubs .
it was flanked by tall shrubs and a stone wall , so that you could see very little of what was beyond until you stepped through .
* * * i woke up at the truck which was now pulled over on the west side of the canner house , just next to the wall of shrubs winky , jason , and i had hidden in earlier .
it promised a turn - off in two - tenths of a mile , and a few minutes later there was a faded red arrow pointing us towards a dirt road that disappeared into a forest of pines and high shrubs .
so the lords of the eyrie planted grass and scattered statuary amidst low , flowering shrubs .
already the snowfall lay thick upon the garden below , blanketing the grass , dusting the shrubs and statues with white and weighing down the branches of the trees .
sansa drifted past frosted shrubs and thin dark trees , and wondered if she were still dreaming .
the grey of the sky grew lighter still , and the trees and shrubs turned a dark green beneath their stoles of snow .
the falling man , off the cliff and no scrawny shrub to grasp .
tomasz peeks around the corner of an overgrown shrub .
the rucksack 's banging into my back as we run but we keep going as best we can , kicking thru river shrubs and jumping over fallen logs .
i stumble on a bit and get my way round a big mass of shrubs and there she is , sitting on a big flat rock jutting outta the ground , her knees up to her chest , rocking back and forth , eyes wide but blank as ever .
when i get to the big stack of shrubs , i turn back , giving her one more chance .
i get into the trees and down and round the big mess of shrubs and she 's still sitting on the rock but at least she looks up as i run to her .
i ' m right behind her , passing her , listening and looking and listening and looking and there and there and there- there in the leafy shrubs on the other side of the water- it 's ben .
i shout again and leap after her- stumbling down the steep incline- pounding down to where she 's rolling- no- not this- not now- not when we're- please no- and she tumbles to some low shrubs at the side of the road and keeps going into them- and stops face down .
the hillsides are too steep , the road too open , the areas between the road 's double - backs too shallow with shrubs .
she makes a movement with the palm of her hand and i instantly duck below some shrubs .
` ` nor that one , '' bradley says , pointing to the hillside , where a streak of brush and shrubs has been torn out but where you can also see the casing from the missile broken up into pieces .
so i raced back , grabbed the box , and stumbled through the low shrubs and stones to the little copse of trees where i 'd seen pig and j.lo disappear .
we barely missed boulders and fallen trees , and barely hit shrubs and thin branches that came from nowhere and whipped against the bumper , or hood , or my face .
molten rock rained over them instantly , setting the shrubs and grasses around them on fire .
bright green grass covered the ground beneath her feet , and shrubs of hundreds of different types of flowers sprouted everywhere .
i pushed the branches of tall shrubs out of my way .
i took the path through the shrubs as their sticks poked and prodded at me .
the forest was eerie in the dark ; the shadows settled over her like chilly water and at the edge of her vision alanki could see darker silhouettes of bushes and shrubs contorting into strange shapes as she moved .
the arching shrubs and twining vines overgrow on everything including fallen tree stubs , old broken fencing posts , and low brick columns .
she argues but i nudge her in the back and she falls out , landing safely in the shrubs below .
i toss down my baseball bat and jump out after it , landing into the shrubs and getting to my feet .
dark sand blurred past , occasionally pocked by quick flashes of shrub and rock .
several hours later breslin and the rest of the group were crouching down low next to several squat shrubs .
he stealthily moved through the shrub and trees without making any loud sounds .
the person was coming closer towards him , so he backed himself up under a shrub that framed a gigantic rock and peered through its leaves .
he was surprised just how much vision he had of everything in the area from this little shrub .
besides the couple of really bushy shrubs , he believed he now had a better view of what was going on around him at ground level .
he crouched in the shrubs under the last row of rooms he was about to investigate .
with all of the flowers and shrubs surrounding the cabin , it seemed inviting .
she blocked everything from her mind and concentrated only on the sweet smell of the white jasmine shrubs blooming nearby .
her rugged a frame house with a split rail fence was surrounded by thousands of flowers , shrubs and other flowering things .
there was a few trees and some small shrubs , but not much growing in the rocky ground .
it seemed as though the man was about to drive them into the sea when he took an abrupt right turn past a patch of shrubs and into a dale .
she kept her eyes on the concrete path , shrubs , trees , patricks car in the driveway .
he hit the shrubs and fell back into them .
oh janelle stared at her fathers legs , which stuck out of the shrub , thrashing .
but my dad janelle , '' her father said , breaking away from the shrub .
i hop over rocks and boulders , leap over a high shrub , and dive behind a large rock to hide .
i look about , first to the shrubs at roadside , then to the distant trees leaning toward sunlight , swaying ever so lightly in the day breeze .
we travel across a wasteland with little to no shrubs , grass , or trees .
there is no grass or shrubs .
i focus on it and wonder what it would be like to hop around eating shrubs .
like most places in singapore , green richness were everywhere , in a riot of nature ranging from lush pastures to buoyant flora to sprightly shrubs to grand , vivacious trees .
i nodded , and he zapped us behind a large , dense shrub against the wall of an isolated place .
he did nt panic when something large grunted from beneath a spiky shrub .
i ran as fast as i could through the trees and shrubs .
they barreled down the forestry , hopping and jumping over littered branches and shrubs .
that s what i m doing out here , planting shrubs she s had specially imported .
they d talk like i was nt there , as dumb and as unimportant as the shrubs i pretended to be clipping .
he has been wandering around the shrubs for about three hours .
there were cozy little spots with benches and caf tables tucked back behind perfectly sculpted shrubs .
with the flowers and shrubs of every color , its undeniably a gorgeous lawn .
along the sides of the fairway were pines and shrubs and grassy knolls .
mounds of shrubs in darker shades of green contrasted with the emerald color of the grass , and then whole bushes of yellow poppies and purple mountain glory added to the serenity of the view .
tree branches scraped her arm and thigh as pearl ran past , leaping over fallen logs and shrubs of poppies , and slowing only to evade large boulders .
luckily , as she moved to the interior of the island , away from rock toward grassy fields with small trees and shrubs , she found better places to hide .
crouching , she dashed behind a scrawny shrub , a poor cover , and then zipped up a dusty canyon ridge toward the southeast , stopping behind a boulder to catch her breath .
then cam pulled daphne around the side of the building behind a shrub .
daphne crouched behind the shrub and peered through the window .
daphne stepped from the shrub and peered around the building to get a better view .
she had watched from behind a shrub through the window of their unit as the ghosts played their mischief on her parents .
lush green shrubs rose side by side from the ground in several square yards .
thousands of shrubs , tied to wires , stood like tin soldiers .
seven rows of shrubs farther west , julian greeted me with a laugh .
randomly , it seemed , albert dug the pen into the earth under various shrubs and read information from the screen on the box .
with a rush of energy , i rose to my feet and paced down the line of shrubs .
the floury dust ran through my cupped hand and bedecked the earth around the shrubs .
is there no one tending to the shrubs today ?
i sneered at the shrub to my right , caressing its fine leaves with dirty fingers , and said , after all , i came here to work not celebrate , did nt i ?
the shrubs cast gangly spines above the stained - glass windows and scraped the dormers with long , bristled thorns .
shrubs grew wild and thick about the church 's massive base and just to the left of a mas of thick honeysuckle , the boys could see the rusted , iron fence surrounding the lonely cemetery .
i crouched down into the bushes for more coverage in the prickly shrub .
i scrabbled out past shrubs and dead trees and came out to the group who were still eating and chatting .
when they had trodden the top step and surveyed the flat ground before them they rested , if only for a moment , before briar stepped forward , stretched out his arms toward a shrub and proclaimed , here we are .
it was a wide space , scattered with many boulders and shrubs , but it was one particular shrub that had caught their full attention .
it was a wide space , scattered with many boulders and shrubs , but it was one particular shrub that had caught their full attention .
it was apparently more than 18250 days old , or so briar reckoned , which in comparison to other shrubs of its type did indeed make it seem quite old .
about half way between them and the next town , nestled amongst a bunch of bushes and shrubs and a little way off the road itself , there were several wooden sheds .
sometimes they were thrown at a tree or shrub without prickers , but most times the barbs of the vegetation dug deep into their skin .
between the branches of the many roads were green meadows and a few shrubs and trees , but she could nt see anywhere the farm - house from which she had just come , or anything she had ever seen before -- except the shaggy man and toto .
ethan quickly recovered , assessed the situation , and rolled off the freeway , into shrubs growing undisturbed by the side of the road .
he hopped his slow way through the grasses and shrubs , nervous to be so far from the pond .
so we walked in silence until we joined a path that wove through the shrubs beside a glistening lake .
the car slowly circled an oval , grassy island , overgrown with wild summer flowers and sprawling shrubs , then stopped beside the central entrance .
the late afternoon light gave them warmth , and a citrus scent passed through the shrubs that crawled around the fence .
it crossed over a river and stopped between two tall gatehouses , mussed with shrubs .
he hunched behind the bushes ; and crept through like a hunter behind his prey , until they came to a tall cylindrical tower , trimmed with green shrubs and white jasmine flowers .
it was crowned and bordered with thick jasmine shrubs .
when steven caught up with it , a wall lined with shrubs appeared .
but climbing this thing here he waved at the shrubs and roots around the wall , conversing with the gazelle as if it understood him , is worse than climbing our schools wall .
in front of them was the ladies chamber , swarmed over with green shrubs , and jasmine buds .
it was covered with shrubs and freckles of jasmine as it dove into the grassy soil on the other side .
the golden chain reached up to an ivory tower , and it lost its sparkle as it disappeared into a tall , dark , arched window bordered with green shrubs and freckles of jasmine buds , located at the top of the tower under a tiled roof .
on the left side of the ivory tower was a shorter tower dressed in green shrubs .
remembering how it was when he had walked in : trees covered by shrubs , buds of white , red , and purple flowers bordered the path , with small bushes scattered under every tree like children gathered around their grandfather for a treat .
the dry roots that fastened the gate turned into green shrubs , and the tight roots around the knob dangled down long enough that they almost tickled the twilight path , releasing the grip around the gates knob .
jasmine buds sprang up , and the three roots were covered with shrubs and flowers .
they came into a passage of many domed ceilings and arched columns wrapped with shrubs .
my head is spinning as i lean against the shrub wall for a minute until des demands that we move forward .
des says my name , but i ignore him , rounding a shrub wall and halting .
at the end of the hole , there is a giant red apparition as tall as the shrub walls and before him are two girls .
as i hit one of the shrub walls , pen screams , like lark did when the tree creatures attacked her , like she s losing her light .
the work left bits of shrubs stuck in his long hair and beard , both of which had taken a greenish tone .
roots and shrubs became snakes and snares ; drooping branches morphed into talons .
the leopard seemed to guess their plan , for he ran wickedly fasteven with a wolf snapping at his heelsas soil changed to rock and the trees to shrubs .
and the monster , unconscious now of its human followers , entered a kind of mist , cloud enshrouded , where at a distance , all you could see over the rise of terrain was a desert - like flatland with a green shrub or two on it like a patch of weed .
the voices came from behind some overgrown shrubs and i sat up , crushing the cigarette butt with my heel , ready to bolt if they headed my way .
located in one of the random suburbs that surrounded the area , donny ramirezs one - story bungalow flat was large enough to include two rooms , but small enough to be hidden within the overgrown weeds , shrubs and poorly tended trees in the front yard .
well - tended , manicured trees and shrubs lining the lanes of the road hinted of the areas high value real estate .
in the space in between , there was a border that contained a flaunting of fabulous colour from the many shrubs and flowers .
brick woven paths led between shrubs and gardens that were covered in snow .
she found herself in the park over the road , hidden by the tall , leafless trees and the evergreen shrubs .
the garden is thick , all sculpted shrubs , flowering trees , and vines , shrouding our presence for the moment .
lush tropical vegetation has given way to bleak stone outcroppings covered by occasional shrubs and moss .
i scanned the forest floor , but saw no such berries , nor were there any in the shrubs or small trees around me .
he parked at the curb , got out and walked toward the shrubs .
this row led to a bower formed by a variety of flowering trees and shrubs , inside of which sat an ancient stone bench shaped like a crescent moon .
vianez imagined this path would be beautiful in the spring and summer when all the trees and shrubs that lined it were in bloom .
penora pointed at what appeared to be more trees and shrubs , but as vianez looked closer , the woods parted and a small cottage was visible .
the girls dodged around trees and leaped over shrubs in attempt to slow down tenoch .
two columns of perfectly pruned shrubs , as tall and erect as soldiers standing at attention , bordered the long gravel driveway .
he pointed out various shrubs helping me avoid the stinging nettles as we looked for rabbit burrows .
they were seated outside enjoying tea amidst the shrubs and hedges of the formal garden .
the gravel road gradually turned into a hiking and riding trail , bordered by shrubs , grasses and wild flowers .
the drizzle from this morning had disappeared and fresh rain - washed sunlight spilled across the gardens of brynmoor , making the flowers and shrubs glisten .
heavy vapor hung over the land turning animals , shrubs and fence posts into ghostly images of themselves .
his eyes came to rest on an outcropping of rocks surrounded by shrubs .
as we approached the rock formation , i could see that there was a shallow cave formed by the overlapping rocks and shrubs .
the lush vibrant colors of summer had disappeared and the shrubs , flowers and grass lie brown and dormant .
but the shrubs just dance in the wind .
i can see that this particular shrub is darker , like someone is hiding in the shadows .
there was greenhouse hidden amongst shrubs and trees of various shapes and sizes , which they used to grow a few of the specialty plants and herbs required to make potions .
the group followed the bears tracks along the sand , which led into the shrubs along the edge of the woods .
we will need to look under any shrubs , any crevasses , culverts , or anything a young kid could squeeze into .
multi - colored shrubs , exotic plants and thousands of twinkling white lights lined the front of the mansion .
for he shall be like a shrub in the desert , and shall not see when good comes , but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness , ina salt landwhich isnot inhabited .
at last , from a zigzag trail of quivering shrubs came an amoebic patch of a figure wiggling up the slope below .
the prickly shrubs bent and trembled as they pushed their way through and emerged into a forest fresh with rain , the air piquant with scents of wood sap , soil turned and life renewed .
dagger and knife in hand , they watched from behind shrubs their prey nibbling grass .
as gash valley fell behind them , the road along the river , less used since the war , was overgrown with trees and shrubs .
only low shrubs and grasses could survive the harsh atlantics wrath , beating upon the rocky bluff with brute force .
the shrubs were bending to the force of the wind , making the island look shorter and flat .
somewhere in the middle of december , they woke up to a coating of snow across the island , blanketing the hills and shrubs in a dusting of sparkle that shimmered in the morning sun .
the trees and vines started getting covered more and more with wet moss , and the low lying shrubs turned from bushes to ferns .
gilla dropped some shrubs next to the hole .
gilla shoved her first load of shrubs into joyahs arms .
gilla rummaged through her back as joyah threw in the shrubs .
joyah hurried to help her collect ferns and shrubs .
the boulders slowly dissipated into a slick slope covered in grass and shrubs pressed flat from the recent rain and mud slides .
the trees bent from the wind and low shrubs were ripped up by the roots .
eventually the shrubs started getting replaced with grasses and the trees disappeared completely .
trees served as a picket from the outside world , the grass was neatly trimmed like it would make a soft green carpet , the bushes and shrubs of flowers that were strategically positioned close to some trees contributed a heavenly aroma that one would take time to stop and appreciate the fragrance .
he had the opportunity to soak into the fresh water while enjoying the scene of the moon , the velvet sky , and the intriguing trees and shrubs that seemed to conceal rich nocturnal secrets whether they were dangerous or whimsical .
he took pains to avoid the spill of light from the open doorway , and vanished behind a cluster of shrubs to watch the doors where swanleigh waited .
the gardens were a maze of hedges and paths that wandered beside and through flowers and shrubs , with marble benches interspersed .
paper vines trailed the food tables and little shrubs were bordering an emcee stage .
jack told them to stay behind a line of prickly shrubs while he made sure the cul - de - sac was devoid of bloodthirsty gorgons .
we use masers , not t - powers to cut a narrow path through the thick jungle of overgrowth of branch limbs , tree roots , flower vines and thick shrub plants .
at last , the carriage turned right , into a lane lined heavily with shrubs .
qik and eldo took the lead as they traipsed past the beach towards the interior of the island , mostly covered by a thicket of trees and shrubs so overgrown that eldo had to take out his knife and whack at the branches along the trail .
might be the moorlands or the sonnagh plains or just the plains or whatever else , what with the trees and shrubs growing again .
the black , shiny suv was parked at the end of the shrub .
the green tops looked like large shrubs , the carrot tops sticking out of the ground looked like trees that had been planted upside down .
no trees , no shrubs .
even though the cluttered mass of small trees , shrubs , bushes and rose arches , they could see that the garden was completely surrounded by a mix of high hedges , walls , and wooden fencing .
evelyn shumana looked from right to left as if someone was hidden in the shrubs .
we wandered the edge of town , trying to gauge what the town was all about , but by nightfall we had little to show for our day in the dust , dry shrubs and bushes .
sprawling oak trees shade overgrown shrubs .
they started to get a sense of the way in which everything in this great ecosystem had its own part to play ; that all the plant life , from the smallest shrub to the tallest tree , had its place in the hierarchy .
it was an old two - story structure with peeling paint , a broken second floor window , and shrubs that had nt been trimmed in years .
you got ta take into consideration all the fences to get over and shrubs to go through and shit .
vibrant green shrubs grew after each fading footstep .
the hydrangeas and spirea along with the euonymus shrubs , the thyme , and dragon`s blood sedum .
the greenness faded gradually ; the trees spread out , then gave way to tiny shrubs .
he crawled inside until entombed in the shrub , when a wall of green confronted him .
we did n't notice that someone was watching us from the shrubs next door .
a theatre for 5000 people is still intact and elevated enough to offer commanding views towards a marshland and once open water , now filled with marshes and woody shrubs of some sort ; the landscape now replaces a harbour which , in its day , would have wooden boats with sails or oarsmen .
cappadocia after kas , another greek and roman ruin , by the sea with its erect columns symbolising greek or roman occupation , and behind the harbour ruins scattered amongst the rambling shrubs and grasses .
about three o'clock he made sure his mobile was switched off because betty would get home sometime between three and four pm and no doubt read the note placed on the kitchen table pinned down in place by a small potted shrub which she always left there .
villas set into a complex and diverse mixtures of shrubs and ornamentals woven into and around the built structures , water always visible and present , found pathways wandering their way across expanses rather than directly through it , its users being asked to slow down their minds , and join with their surroundings .
wil noticed made wijava used groupings of shrubs to act as guides and align the scene to a feature or direction he wants the user to take .
shrubs like the ginger family , heliconia , cordyline and clumping palms with some lily or grass families aligning the edges .
the trees also frozen ; grasses and shrubs hypnotised to the scene , something like a three dimensional fresco of some sort for there was no wind to disturb anything in that place .
he walking across fields of corn and watermelons , or chickpeas or peanuts , or trying to clamber through the thorny shrubs and weeds and along broken edges to the fields which may once have been fenced by stone , along tracks and over puddles .
wil had no knowledge of using space in abundance as a design tool , although he recognised many trees and shrubs familiar to him including the frangipani ( plumeria ) , flame tree ( delonix ) , tulip tree ( spathodea ) , and golden shower ( cassia ) .
it was another part of the contrasts that make up the landscapes of sri lanka and he was visiting a coastline of stunted trees and shrubs , soils bare of nutrients , and rainfall sporadic .
but as such it made perfect use of the slopes , for terraces of garden beds had been set out to stroll beside , including some lawn areas , seating of course and a stream of some sort working its way down through the garden set within a stand of native trees indigenous to the area , the stream adorned by lilies , grasses and shrubs .
cutting back and shaping shrubs are important in most display landscapes or organising their presentation so an individual plants natural shape and form conforms to whatever surrounds it .
grouping and clustering shrubs to lock them together in profusion is a common landscape theme of tropical balinese gardens , ensuring the mixtures of shapes , colours and form , including positioning , evokes a sense of mystery and complexity .
she begins to see the individual trees , the shrubs sticking up among them , the rocks laying among their bases .
la salle was nt as fancy as the arcadia neighborhood , near his home , but shrubs were trimmed , lawns mowed , and there was little or no peeling paint on the houses .
while the farmland was wide open , the houses and residential areas were landscaped with shade trees and flowering shrubs .
many of the other shrubs and trees were unfamiliar to him .
despite the different shrubs and trees , it still amazed him how much la salle looked like his boyhood hometown of milford .
there were only two scraggly shrubs on each side of the front door .
a row of large shrubs , lining the property cornering ash street , blocked his view of the pitre lane houses .
the shrubs were ragged and untrimmed , six to eight feet tall and covered with large white flowers .
they walked to the corner , behind the cover of the large shrubs , to look around the corner and back down pitre lane .
a driveway leading back to the barn ran between the house and a row of small shrubs .
they watched for a few minutes from the cover of the large flowering shrubs at the corner of ash and pitre .
he drove the pickup to the corner of ash and pitre , behind the white shrubs , where daniel and nadine first spied on the hughes bungalow .
the shrubs were alive with movement .
there were some scraggly flaming - azalea and myrtle shrubs planted along the perimeter of the yard , but little grass had survived , the earth having been compacted to hardpan .
two wooden plant pots stood either side of the front door , their soil neatly turned but containing no shrubs or flowers this late in the year .
we rocked heavily over the grass and through tearing shrubs that shrieked as they scraped the side of the car .
ralph tell them that the fences and mature shrubs will all have to be replaced and i want fifteen for that and for them to fill in that big crater and pay to remove the rubble .
it was surrounded by newly trimmed grass , shortened shrubs , and at the centermost point of it all was a large decorative water fountain .
they closed the door and heard it click shut then headed along the darkened walkway shielded by shrubs and a short brick wall .
the wall and shrubs had ended .
she scanned the branches of the trees , but did nt see the squirrel , or anything else for that matterjust trees and shrubs .
nearing the harbor , i eased off to the side and crouched under small palm trees surrounded by bougainvillea shrubs in full bloom .
birds chirped and flitted in the shrubs , boat traffic on the channel produced throaty , muted rumblings .
chapter 4 edwin lee cagill looked out into the night through glass sliding windows : a floodlit swimming pool and adjoining jacuzzi , a formal dining area in white rattan under a green and white striped open marquee , soft green lights picking out plants and shrubs at intervals for two hundred yards beyond .
hands holding on to this tree or that shrub to help him climb .
juarez and i returned to his car , where i let einstein out to water a few unsuspecting shrubs .
by the time the commandos reach the top of the mountain , they can hardly see a moving tiny shape that blends in with the brown shrubs of the mountain .
an abundance of gardens with all kinds of flowers and shrubs , many of which were on the tail end of blooming , added just the right touch of the outdoors .
the tussock plateau was like a lake in the centre of the shrubbery , an elongated ellipse where the conditions were too severe for shrubs to grow .
satisfied , he walked back and tied a large strip of material from the singlet he 'd been marking the route with , around a tall shrub and gazed across the tussock .
* lavina examined the path and made a slipknot in the rope , tied it around a small shrub trunk and tossed the rest of the rope down into the cavity below .
cursing her bad luck , she climbed up through the shrubs and looked along the deserted road .
i scanned the former gardens , where fountains and sculptures were overgrown with weeds and shrubs .
at first i thought she sought to relieve herself , but then i saw that she was hiding her air rifle under some shrubs .
quickly going inside , he again locked the door before crossing a small courtyard garden with overgrown and dusty shrubs and a non - working fountain .
you ve got a lot of rose shrubs in your garden .
at about three thousand feet the mountains rose another two thousand feet above them , but were clear of boulders , mainly containing small shrub growth , cacti and sagebrush .
a cigar box was found for a coffin , and michael oconnor fetched a spade and dug a grave beneath some shrubs .
west cared nothing for gardening , but employed a man to keep the grass cut and the shrubs pruned .
just a goat , rummaging for scraps in the dry , dead shrubs at the side of the pile of rubble that had been someones home .
the ripple in the branches could have been caused by the warm afternoon wind , now threatening to turn wilder and lashing at the low , dense shrubs every now and then , like a cowboy trying his whip .
she started to tremble soon after , and her lips turned blue , but she still stood there , waiting for him , her kind eyes worriedly searching the shrubs and trees for a sign of life .
not that you will get lost , but the road is no longer what it used to be , he shouted from inside the shrubs .
after some fiddling she was able to untie the parachute which immediately was blown into the shrubs .
hazel bushes and honeysuckle shrubs formed a natural hedge around the yard and the air was redolent of the sweet smell of late blooming flowers .
he shrugged in the direction of the single story ranch tucked behind tall shrubs .
what kenji asano found himself wanting at that moment was not high - tech but high - touch , to be seated on the tatami of his tokyo teahouse , smelling the fresh straw , gazing out over the manicured evergreen shrubs of his garden , the clumps of leafless black bamboo .
it was , of course , lit artificially , but the clusters of green shrubs seemed to be thriving on the fluorescents .
he had not seen the gnarled and leafless shrub directly in his path or the wire connecting it to its neighbor .
the wind made the shrubs shimmy in the corner of the front yard .
ahead by the shore , there was a clump of sassafras trees and juniper shrubs where she believed she could remain unseen , or failing that , behind it was an old dugout canoe , stored by her fisherman uncle , that she thought she might be able to use to escape .
once arranged in the pit , wequai laid leaf upon leaf over the body , leafs she had painstakingly picked herself from the low growing red and green shrubs , chanting a song throughout the private ceremony .
i came around a clump of shrubs and caught sight of a white glow that seemed to come from under the snow .
raife dropped his human shield and dragged both men to a nearby shrub , where he pulled off the fake beard he d been wearing and changed into the larger guards clothing .
asp 's house sat at the top of a small hill , almost hidden by sculptured shrubs and small trees .
instead of a large area of bushes and shrubs , a dense hedge about eight feet tall ran down the side of the house , a gravel path separating the two , but on the outside of the hedge , a lawn had been planted that extended to a wooded area some hundred feet away .
just outside the centre , on the south side , a cluster of mixed use commercial buildings crowded like neglected shrubs in the untended deltas between highways and interchanges .
as far as the eye could see , the only green left are a few shrubs used to poor nutrient quality and little water .
as well as an eight foot high metal fence topped with spear points , mcteague had also taken a leaf out of the police 's crime prevention booklets which sometimes come through the door and planted a barrier of prickly shrubs behind the fence .
wheelan and claire inspected the damage which was confined to a charred garage door , burned bricks and shrubs whilst the two girls stood together .
he walked back to the abandoned rangers wagon , picking his way through the bushes and low shrub higher up the slope and avoiding the exposed trail .
he stood in front of the chapel , looking out over the garden , which was laid out with flowering shrubs , and also some evergreen trees , though he did nt know what they were , since he had never been interested in gardening , or flora .
the broken piece of fence swings out over the void like a shrub in a roadrunner cartoon .
roots , shrubs , and vines reached out to block her passage , delaying her struggle deeper into cover and the safety provided by the dense undergrowth .
i had been watching the newly blooming shrubs by my bench and the ripples on the surface of the water for fifteen minutes when he finally appeared .
the terrain was a bit hilly with lots of trees and shrubs .
the last section running along the backside of schinnen mine was inaccessible , thickly grown over with trees and shrubs .
some of the structures were ancient stonework with tiny shrubs growing from the interstices between the stones .
there appeared to be a subtle difference between not wanting to go on anymore and holding hands with a potential psychotic murderer moments before he hacked me to death and tossed my body parts into the shrubs for the bears to devour .
i made for the cabin and was halfway to the door before remembering the killers habit of ambushing his prey from behind bushes and shrubs .
he rushed to the side of the street and flung himself behind a large shrub , avoiding detection by whoever was driving the vehicle .
hunter waited unmoving in the shadows , melding with the shrubs near the gate .
at twenty feet away , he could see part of the mans silhouette through the climbing shrubs .
pulling them all from the trees and shrubs and wondering how in the hell he had nt noticed them all before , raine ripped them from their power cables .
they ran along another path lined with ornamental shrubs , palm trees and fire - sticks , past more beautiful houses and another lagoon full of water .
i quickly walk around the back walking through the high grass and shrubs and stand in front of our back door .
there are many trees and small shrubs making up the side of the yard so i keep my eyes pointed down low so i do nt trip .
the sunlight bounced off the bright white walls , and glistened off the beautiful , well - tended , exotic flowers and shrubs that bordered the house and the edge of the path .
beyond this building were formal gardens laid out with gravel paths enclosing beds of shrubs and flowers which extended around the west side of the main house and southwards towards the sea .
but there were quite a few shrubs around for cover , swaying in the blustery wind .
he looked through the arch into the gardens beyond a landscape of great palms and exotic shrubs , bright greens and vivid coloured flowers .
coming to guss building they walked around the back side , keeping to the thick shrubs that grew on the east side of the building with the plan of taking the alley that lead to teds building .
the landscapers spread wood chips across the width , with tall shrubs and young leafy trees spaced equally on the incline .
he placed it on the windshield of katys car and hid in the shrubs across the street .
evergreen shrubs hugging the body of the house had smudged the white walls , as if booger boy had been scribbling with green ink .
again they crept in the shadows of back yards , shrubs and trees and houses , blinking against the rain and the firelight , mesmerizing sounds and flickering .
he felt the ground beneath his sprinting feet change to a more uneven surface of broken twigs and small branches , little shrubs and green bracken .
past the stacks of empty beer cans , scattered pizza boxes , sundry multi - colored undergarments , and not a few still comatose casualties of the prior night 's reveries , all sprawled tastefully about the manicured lawns and shrubs .
time : 4:30 pm at bander , he hides the cart behind some overgrown shrubs near the west entrance knowing that the grounds crew only comes by twice a year .
carefully avoiding the walkway lights and the roof mounted security cameras , keeping close to the large ornamental shrubs , they dart across the last stretch grass to the old , now unlocked , back entrance and slip unseen within .
time : 6:30 pm ryan , ben and andy drive in andy 's van to the carrington and park in the employee lot next to phil 's car which is located behind some tall , decorative shrubs .
one by one they cross over to campus and slip into east gym through the shrub shrouded back entrance .
potted trees , shrubs and flowers greeted her , creating wide paths throughout the room .
a large shrub had been crammed right up to it , blocking the lower half of the crack with its billowing branches , but was not tall enough to conceal it entirely .
trees , shrubs , brush there was nothing to stand out or inform her of her location .
he led her through a small grassy space before entering a mass of trees and shrubs .
coming to a stop just short of a line of low shrubs , sophie glanced around before speaking .
in one corner of a small , grassy clearing liberally scattered with shrubs , a forlorn banana tree and a small patch of dry looking vegetables , was a rough looking wooden structure built about a meter or so above the ground .
once there it was bare and flat , with just a few wide cracks giving root holds for shrubs and grass .
eating and drinking he looks up and around at the dense shrubs and trees , listening to the helicopters and planes overhead that have become as familiar to him as his heartbeats .
conveniently to the left of the property is a park scattered with shrubs and trees perfect for concealment in low light .
the landscapers had let the shrubs grow their tallest by the water 's edge and shorter as the plants climbed to the fence so garden views were not restricted .
where the shrubs ended there was two feet of space before the perimeter fence .
then she ran along the bank in the thin space between the fence and the shrubs , passing all the houses , throwing glances left across the water to check the truck , make sure no one could see her .
the six of them , led by anna , crawled out of the gate , slipped immediately left and down the bank where it met the causeway , pushing between shrubs and stone .
early morning dew coated the long grass and shrubs while a thousand birds chirped and whistled and sang in the branches overhead .
the man led them past well - manicured shrubs and around a corner to a parking lot , where three cars were parked .
she kept running and before she knew it she burst through the mesh of vegetation overgrowing the exit , crashing into a bramble of bush and small shrubs .
he pedaled up past skillins where they sold trees and shrubs and it smelled like the big pile of bark mulch they kept in the back .
i slid down the steep embankment , smashing into bushes and shrubs which snagged my legs and back .
we ran though the darkened woods , my legs snagging on the dead branches and prickly shrubs .
beside him , a window threw bright light across the garden , illuminating shrunken shrubs and leafless trees .
the perimeter was lined with trees and shrubs .
my home was set on top of a ridge , and it was surrounded by the most fascinating plants , shrubs , and trees .
when i had seen all of the flowers , i strolled over to the shrubs and bushes .
the area between the other side of the fence and the backyard property line was landscaped and included various shrubs that stood about four feet high .
the water surged over shrubs and around trees , creating eddies and spirals everywhere .
now that he was closer , he saw nothing but a thickly tangled pile of loose logs and drowned shrubs .
even frank could see the danger of that , with all the sunken shrubs and stumps .
the finger people traced a winding path through clumps of vegetation and around shrubs , toward a collapsed building .
a massive fungus shrub was anchored to his exposed , white belly .
several had completely putrefied , resulting in the apparent death of the brain shrub .
downward sloped the earthitself a maze of stacked bodies and glowing parasitic brain shrubs .
a veritable forest of brain shrubs lined the funnels descent .
with stunning grace , it swung from one board to anotherjust like a monkeyits dog - paws barely clearing the bodies and fungus shrubs .
the huge brain shrubs bloomed out of old , decayed corpses , but many of the gray - clad bodies were yet untouched by the mold .
some of the shrubs towered over his head ; a few growing so high they brushed the broken boards .
the exit was so far away , through a maze of corpses and dozens of brain shrubs .
around the other side of the factory was a dense thicket of shrubs and vines , intermixed with years of garbage .
outside of the chain link fencing , barren ground , grass and small shrubs , nothing large enough to give cover .
they could make out groups of trees and shrubs .
grass extended for some distance from the shore , and then more dense shrub .
after what seemed a very long time he looked up , over the sofas and divans and love seats , past the huge tile fireplace , through the two story window to the acre of newly planted flowers , shrubs and small fruit trees .
outside the window , the gardener trimmed a grotesque ornamental shrub .
palm trees and high lush bushes leaned into the clearing , swaying and shimmying , the branches and leaves drooping and dripping and feeding , below them , the many giant ferns and shrubs of budding red flowers .
palms and delicate flower shrubs swayed in the wind , and sea birds landed to check him out .
all was well groomed in there like an upscale country club with pruned shrubs and clipped grass and palm trees planted in patterns .
morales and krieger were hosting more meetings at the main house and alex worked them , though now he was posted to the shrubs and flowers out on the perimeter of the yard .
the flowery bushes and spiky shrubs , the wild palms and vine - tangled island trees began to thicken and swell .
in the dark the scrubby plain grass had given way to shrubs and then a ragged forest of short dry trees and they had to stop to camp .
its brick walls were freshly painted , the ornamental shrubs well tended .
dark red soil ringed newly planted and recently watered palms and shrubs .
it was probably his own blood , left over from the mugging , but just in case it was not , he scraped them clean with a crumpled leaf plucked from a shrub .
it was like the little engine that could , winding ever upward through forests underlain with shade - grown coffee shrubs , their berries burgeoning but still green .
grass , small trees , rows of shrubs and several flower beds could be seen in the vicinity .
it ran close to the long driveway and shrubs camouflaged the unit blending it in with nature .
the man - made pit itself was hard to navigate through due to the fake lake and all the shrubs around , strategically placed to give riders the sensation that they were going to crash into a wilderness .
out in nature - as reified by shrivelling potted shrubs - i experience a breakdown in communication with my wand .
it was only a short way from there to the familiar brown - spotted murk that accompanied the grounded shrub 's desperate contortions , attempting to evade the daily acidic chastisement i meted out .
i understand now that the phone wo n't ring , that the house if empty , that there is nothing to revive a shrivelled shrub , immersed in urine , implanted in ammoniac soil .
the lot was well kept and private , surrounded by numerous large trees and mature shrubs .
the sun was bright against the shrubs , trees and flowers .
as trisha strolled down the path , she noticed the shrubs and trees , how they cast a shadowed claim on the ground she walked .
the acre square resting place for several dozen souls was covered with waist high weeds and wild shrub bushes with the nearby tree lines getting closer as each season passed .
she would one day have a house in a town or in a city , a house with indoor plumbing and shrubs around the porch , and with paint on the boards , maybe even bricks .
the current splashed through the thick shrubs hanging over the banks and pecked away at the roots of a nearby willow tree .
lucien screamed , throwing his ice cubes into the shrubs .
lucien walked to the edge of the porch and spat in the shrubs .
prather soaked it for fifteen minutes , then neatly rolled the hose and placed it behind the shrubs in the flower bed next to the front steps .
nesbit scurried to the rear of the house and found a small opening between the shrubs along the back fence .
crawling on all fours , he disappeared into the shrubs .
from his vantage point somewhere deep in the shrubs in front of the house , ozzie saw him first : a lone figure walking casually down the street from the direction opposite the square .
pirtle crawled like a snake across the porch and into the shrubs , ready to strike .
luther crouched behind a shrub next to the porch , and aimed .
he leaned on a column and sprayed the shrubs .
no shrubs .
they lined their yard , wrapped their shrubs , draped their trees , outlined their house , adorned their windows - fourteen thousand lights the year before .
next door , becker was adding more lights to his shrubs , and , for spite , he was emphasizing the end of his lawn next to luther 's garage .
luther stopped in front of the trogdons ' spectacle - more than fourteen thousand lights draped over trees and shrubs and windows and porch columns .
` ` i think you have a light out over there , '' luther said , pointing to a shrub wrapped with a hundred lights .
no lights on the shrubs , no frosty on the roof .
luther was listening but he was also staring at the last tree , a crooked spindly dwarf of a pine shrub that had been passed over for good reasons .
he quickly got in touch with the equivalent authorities in japan and with experts in the ministry of agriculture , and these gentlemen were astonished and delighted to learn that doctor shatterhand was prepared to spend no less than one million pounds on establishing an exotic garden or park in this country which he would stock with a priceless collection of rare plants and shrubs from all over the world .
like the texan millionaires who import fully - grown palms and tropical shrubs from florida ? '
these would provide , all the year round , the temperature needed for the successful propagation of these tropical shrubs , trees and plants from the equatorial zones .
false upas - tree ( strychnos tieute ) : large climbing shrub .
poison ivy , trailing poison oak ( khus toxicodendron ) : climbing shrub .
common oleander ( nerium indicum ) : evergreen shrub .
rosary pea , crab 's eye , jequiritz bean ( abrus precatorius ) : climbing shrub .
he is constructing a research department - to be manned by workers of his own choice , mark you -to extract the poisons from his shrubs and plants and give the essences free to an appropriate medical research centre .
he had come searching for the lake and had got his face poisoned by some pretty shrub .
bond strained his eyes to the right , towards the castle , but his view was obstructed by an expanse of white oleanders , that innocent shrub with its attractive clusters of blossom that is used as a deadly fish poison in many parts of the tropics .
he soon came to the end of the young shrubs and guinea grass the landscaper had laid on .
in the east , the sky was pearly grey and iridescent , like a toy balloon filled with cigarette smoke , and among the shrubs the mocking birds were beginning their first song .
the frogs began to tinkle among the shrubs .
the doors bore the names of flowers and shrubs .
it plowed nose - first into the opposite shoulder and smashed through a line of planted shrubs and then it was lost to sight .
there was a narrow strip of neat grass and then an equally narrow area where the highway people had tamed the edge of the woods with planted shrubs and bark chips .
men were starting to move toward the house , using trees and shrubs as cover .
klipdrift was in a basin , surrounded by hills , and as far as jamie could see , everything was barren , without a blade of grass or shrub in sight .
trees were torn down and shrubs were pulverized , and in the wake of the relentless tide were the bodies of hundreds of small animals .
the following year when the two girls were on a picnic in the palisades , alexandra somehow slipped off the edge of a cliff and saved herself by clinging to a shrub growing out of the steep mountainside .
they hustled across the cobbled courtyard , past islands of trees and shrubs .
the grass , shrubs , and flowers are from contemporary pencil drawings used as models .
lines of manicured shrubs met at precise angles , then encircled flower beds of begonias and geraniums .
the grass was trimmed low and the shrubs were neat .
rows of perfectly manicured shrubs and flowers surrounded it .
manicured grass stretched out from the garden in a pewter sea , the bushes and shrubs islands of shadow .
as if on signal , feng dun arose from the thick shrubs on the slope above where mcdermid 's five men lay , an assault rifle in his large hands .
snow lay heavily on the ground , frosting rows of boxy shrubs to either side of the bluestone .
she reached into the branches of - a shrub and pulled out a soiled old cap , more rag than headpiece .
they went through the main section of the hotel without incident and passed through a decorative inner courtyard of geometric gravel paths , sheared evergreen shrubs , and futuristic - looking stone benches .
the backyard was all lawn , with no bushes or shrubs where an intruder could hide .
` ` you mean as in a home , with grass around it and shrubs ? ''
hearsay ran from under the shrubs .
turns out she watched as this songbird , that 's how she regarded it , impaled a small bird on one of the hawthorn shrubs and just let it hang there .
he continued a short distance past it , pulling the car as far off the road as possible , plunging it into a natural cave of greenery , behind shrubs and a stand of saplings .
the drop down was about fifteen feet into a line of shrubs .
his location , on the far side from the main entrance , among trees and shrubs , provided ample cover .
that night as he parked in his drive and was getting out of his car , two goons jumped from the shrubs and assaulted him .
they stepped through the door and out into a rooftop garden of the kind so beloved by parisians - a miniature urban glade created by a maze of large clay pots filled with dwarf trees , shrubs , and flowering plants .
he stepped back a few paces , rejoining peter and randi in the modest cover provided by the roof garden 's trees and shrubs .
he grabbed his shotgun , eased from the house , around some shrubs on the patio , and spotted a chubby photographer squatting by the pool house , three bulking cameras dangling from his neck .
there were half a dozen photos of the site around the vehicle , trees and shrubs burned black .
the grass and shrubs began to burn .
his front lawn is neatly mowed and there are a few shrubs lining the narrow front porch .
the grass and shrubs are neatly trimmed .
the concrete is heavily lined with flowers and shrubs and vines and decorative saplings .
as we leave the apartment complex , i catch her glancing around , as if she expects cliff to jump from the shrubs .
i back away for a few seconds , and vomit again behind some shrubs .
ray flipped the cigar into a shrub and walked to his room .
weeds choked everything - flower beds , shrubs , walkways .
and in response vicki would be forced to drag old lew out onto the floor , lew in his designer tux , which could not hide his dumpy little belly ; lew with shrubs of bright gray hair above his ears ; lew the old goat trying to buy respect by saving the birds ; lew with the arthritic back and slow feet who moves like a dump truck ; lew proud of his trophy wife in her million - dollar dress , which reveals too much of her magnificently starved bones .
the shrubs needed trimming and the roof was old , but the house was aging nicely .
he parked in a reserved place , and another guard escorted him up to the rear of the building , where a crew was busy laying tile while another planted shrubs .
he cruised slowly past it and saw a nursery , with lines of shrubs in pots under a sprinkler which was making rainbows in the sun .
no bushes or flowers or shrubs .
he left her by an evergreen shrub and walked over to the office and rang the night bell .
he walked over to the evergreen shrub where he had left charlie and charlie was n't there .
they lived on conifer place - in lakeland , as in so many suburban developments built in the fifties , most of the streets seemed named for trees or shrubs .
the shadow worked its way near some trees and shrubs that surrounded the exterior of the amphitheater .
i stepped out of my van , holding my smith and wesson out before me , and pushed through the shrubs .
having to wade through several inches of water in the predawn chill drew grumbled complaints as the group sought private spots amid the shrubs lining the bank .
` ` he ca n't have gone far , '' kalyn said , dodging jumping chollas and shrubs of mormon tea .
much darker here in the trees with the starlight obscured , and luther could only make out the profile of ben pushing after him through the shrubs .
the forest dwindled into alpine tundra - shrubs , grass , and rock crusted with black and yellow lichen .
she dropped the day pack on the floor and glanced through a window frame on the side of the house , spotted movement at the base of the slope she 'd just climbed - two black specks slinking through the shrubs .
scott turned to her , said , ` ` i see where we 'll camp tonight , '' and abigail followed him into a thicket of chokecherry , not much space between the shrubs , but enough to conceal a tent .
they unrolled the footprint in a cleared area between the chokecherry shrubs , and scott unfolded the tent while abigail took out the poles and locked them together .
she poked her head outside - little to see in this first light , surrounded by chokecherry shrubs still holding on to most of their sunset - colored leaves .
as isaiah reached five and began pushing his way into the thicket , she crawled out the back of the tent and rolled under the shrubs .
it lunged upon the smaller figure and drove it into the ground at the foot of a greasewood shrub .
the lexus came to rest against a shrub of sagebrush .
occasionally she 'd veer from the trail into a shrub , sigh , and right herself .
53 horace boone pulled off kill devil road and parked his kia in the sand behind a yaupon shrub .
the night was windless , the first killing frost of the season beginning to blanch blades of grass and island shrubs .
the discovery 's cornerlamps barely lit the way , showing only ten feet of the desert floor as jack negotiated between shrubs and sagebrush and skirted the edge of a serpentine arroyo .
no trees or shrubs but only rock and nothing visible beyond fifty feet through the fog and pouring snow , the light more like dusk than early afternoon .
after two miles , shrubs appeared again .
a few woody shrubs began to appear by its banks , and soon he came upon a stunted coppice by the side of a pool .
the land fell away sharply to the right of the road , and ezio was pitched twenty feet down into a gully , where a large outcrop of thorny shrubs broke his fall and hid him .
the thick shrubs must be concealing his body .
out of the shelter of some tall shrubs growing nearby , one of her personal guardsmen emerged and bowed .
ezio left them , and hurried the last hundred yards on foot , using the cover of bushes and shrubs to conceal his progress , until he found himself at the foot of the wall .
you can enter the area from the avenue or from the back entrance of the columbia / jfk subway station or from mosley street if you do n't mind climbing over some shrubs and walking down an incline .
we climbed some shrubs and walked down the incline , kicking clouds of brown dirt in front of us until we reached bottom .
he climbed the incline and disappeared on the other side of the shrubs .
i drove through the opening , and the gates closed behind me and my lights arced up ahead of us through the carefully manicured bushes and shrubs , curled left as the white gravel driveway snaked around an oval lawn with an enormous birdbath in its center , then broke gracefully to the right onto the main drive .
when broussard turned off into a steep , sloping driveway that led up to a small brown cape , its windows obscured by shrubs and small trees , i kept going , drove until i 'd reached a crossroad where the road ended at a towering forest of pine .
they stood empty , though , the lawns and shrubs recently planted and green as shamrocks , even in december , but the driveways awaiting a paving crew .
with a bloodthirsty yell , six of jenks 's younger kids dove out of my old teakettle , hidden under the shrubs , and attacked them with cold steel and vicious shouts .
` ` do n't talk to me , '' she said curtly as she tended the shrub .
ceri pressed new dirt around the shrub .
lord maccon was massive and treelike ; professor lyall was built more on the shrub scale .
it was littered with obstacles - shrubs , long grasses , the copse of trees , and an occasional boulder .
she hiked up her skirts , leapt over a shrub , and made for the high ground .
one of the wolves got her dress caught in the shrub and tripped , falling to the side .
small shrubs and trees pushed their way to the surface as she sang softly , coaxing growth .
her father came into view , striding through carnivorous plants , shrubs and trees while the ground trembled beneath his feet .
the leaves swayed and dark shadows glided from one shrub to another .
the shadows moved again , sliding through the trees and shrubs .
the grounds were fairly wild , the rain forest creeping toward the house like an insidious invader , vines and shrubs stretching toward the courtyard .
but it was more difficult to look into the leaves of the shrubs and ferns , the boughs lying broken on the ground , and see the shadowy faces of evil staring at him .
vines crept up the trunks , weaving their way through orchids and over shrubs , ferns and the moss sprouting from the branches .
leaves and shrubs appeared to have a veil of fog over them , changing the vibrant color to a dull gray .
shrubs and fields of grass rose like statues , frozen in time .
she looked around the lush garden with its abundance of shrubs and flowers .
she stood up , knowing they would make way for her on the path winding through the flowers and shrubs .
don giovanni heard the impact as josef crashed through a low shrub , breaking several branches .
there was a thin strip of lawn and two bedraggled shrubs to either side of the wide steps .
nothing moved among the shrubs and overgrown bushes .
the thumps from nick tossing my shoes , amulet , and clothes into the shrubs were unbelievably welcome .
searching for a good stick or a rock - anything she could use to impress kellan with her abilities - mira weaved through the covered flower beds , around the burlap - wrapped shrubs , and into the maze of statuary and evergreens that spread out across the long backyard of the estate .
sophronia kept a careful eye on monique in case she did , in fact , still have the prototype on her person and was planning to stash it behind some shrub or rock .
sophronia and dimity followed sidheag 's lead and made for a convenient shrub .
a hissing , clanking , crashing sound commenced as some large mechanical object made its way through the shrubs , destroying mrs . temminnick 's garden .
the water pooled into a natural - looking basin that i would have bet was n't , turning into a stream that meandered through the well - established evergreens and shrubs until it vanished .
to my right a bank of windows opened onto an enclosed courtyard landscaped with shrubs and a formal fountain .
she held harvard 's leash in a death grip , silently shooing him from the dried - out shrubs that lined the sidewalk .
scanning the rolling grounds once again , xcor decided the lack of trees and shrubs was the result of the clearing process prior to construction .
all around , lights on towering , craned arms cast peachy illumination upon the low - slung building and the shiny tops of the two vehicles that were parked and the clipped shrubs that bordered the walkways .
somehow , though , even with the birds chirping and cawing , the insects buzzing noisily around my head , and the occasional scurry of the field mice through the shrubs , the forest seemed creepier today ; it reminded me of my most recent nightmare .
the smal colonial - style house in the middle of the next block had been painted a surprising shade of pink , and the old oak tree in its front lawn had been cut down and replaced with a flowering shrub .
spiky desert shrubs created dark shapes along the side of the road that put me in mind of crouching animals , ready to pounce .
when seanna strolled toward them , he saw they had been placed in poses in the midst of circles of flowers and elegantly landscaped shrubs and ordered to remain motionless .
the bushes and shrubs between the trees reached from the ground up in a dense circle .
now , the end of summer , was the time when his landscaping business planted shrubs and trees , and every day he came home absolutely filthy .
nothing between me and the blue caribbean but the coconut palms and a few great hibiscus shrubs , covered with unearthly red blooms .
the courtyard was as he had said , full of pink azaleas and large waxen elephant ears and dark glossy shrubs .
the owner of that hair never came into sight , limbs and shrubs hiding her as she searched for ... weapons ?
barely missing them , it rolled across the manicured shrubs and slammed against the wall on nick 's left .
she envisioned a dark velvety green lawn , tall trees hiding the cinder block wall , perennial shrubs and annuals - petunias , lobelia , pansies in the fall .
alison had the admirable ability to persuade most every plant , shrub , or tree to thrive even when they were n't native .
and off fiji stomped , the drops from the previous evening 's shower blotching her skirt as she passed through the shrubs and flowers .
the earth beneath my feet was crisp with frost , and dead grasses and leafless shrubs scraped against my jeans legs as i made my way along the riverbank .
even from my place outside the carriage house , where i crouched in the shrubs to eavesdrop , mrs . bethany 's voice rang sharply .
so close i shrank myself within the branches of the nearest shrub .
an image that was only reinforced when they reached a car that was hidden among the shrubs and dylan shoved her into the backseat .
just as i was about to head back home , something lunged out from behind a low shrub and sank its fangs into my ankle .
the scene continued playing out before me : the jogger is fleet of foot , stepping smoothly over roots and rocks , brushing past overgrown shrubs and through high grass .
the east side consisted of a low shrub wall that bordered the taco bell next door .
the taco bell was in the next parking lot over , separated by a shrub wall .
the view outside was only moonlit desert , an endless expanse of rocks and shrubs .
the surrounding pines and shrubs teemed with new life .
no giant dogs , just a shallow twenty - five - foot gap with a bit of scarce shrubs and trash at the bottom .
here and there unfamiliar shrubs dripped pink and purple flowers reminiscent of orchids .
a granite crag greeted us , nestled within artfully landscaped shrubs .
by the porch , white rose of sharon flowers glowed against the shrubs like a scattering of stars .
he 'd been left in the shadow of a shrub .
the shrubs at the edge of the pool were too short .
i snuck along the shrubs , sprinted to the side of the house , and held my breath .
it wound around the hill , flanked on the left by stunted oaks and shrubs climbing up the slope and rolling off to the prairie on the right .
picturesque shrubs spread their branches .
a few moments , and the dense greenery of rhododendron shrubs hid the women from their view .
i could n't see any guards , but i felt their presence , watching me from shrubs and trees surrounding the cabin .
his white body nosedived to the ground and disappeared into a group of shrubs along the garden wall of one of the mansions .
now a dense wall of greenery bordered it , an impenetrable barrier of oaks , evergreen shrubs , blackberry that somehow resisted the frost , and thorns .
the bunny pondered me with tiny eyes and turned toward the shrubs .
the bunny hopped into the shrubs .
the shrubs provided adequate cover , and from the small hill we were on , i had a clear view of her .
tall shrubs ran around the perimeter of the yard .
they forage around , eating shrubs and roots and things . ''
the two - way street was divided by a narrow island which held numerous pots of concrete planters filled with flowers , shrubs and low hedges .
the hills were covered with trees and shrubs and wild - flowers .
the yard was well kept , the lawn green , with a few shrubs in front .
it was a grand entrance , but was completely run down and overgrown with shrubs and weeds .
victoria saw him and crashed from behind the shrub , dashing up the steps before he could close the door .
he was n't too far ahead of her ; when they reached the corner of a mews he took a sharp turn , and she followed , plunging into a dark , narrow alley lined with thick bushes and shrubs that blocked what little illumination the partial moon offered .
ildevar , ra'ak that he was , seemed to appreciate flowers and ornamental shrubs just as much as anyone .
were n't nothing but shrubs and weeds till i came .
oak trees , shrubs , flower beds , all carefully maintained .
the back yard is teeming with volunteers because we got a shipment of trees and shrubs yesterday , which should be transplanted from containers to ground promptly .
by lunch break , we ' ve planted three trees and half the shrubs .
i think i'l spend the last couple of hours planting shrubs , and get frank to sign my sheet .
so i ' m kind of stunned when mrs . diego appears next to me before lunch , as i ' m emptying a bag of mulch into the shrub and flower borders across the backyard .
at 2:45 , i volunteer to go with gene , who has to make a run to the garden center where we get trees and shrubs .
at the high back wal of the property , a man trims a flowering shrub to picture - perfect roundness - not one blossom , stem or leaf outside of the visual sphere .
i find our spot - a secluded bench surrounded by waist - high camellia shrubs covered in white blossoms .
they discussed a trip to the hardware store the next day to pick out flowers and shrubs for the front yard .
he fell into the shrubs , a dark , lifeless lump .
the almost - hyper bounce in her step as she made her way around fallen branches and shrubs reminded me of the old alex .
did you think she would n't tell issa what you have hidden in this disgusting shrub of yours ? ''
the wind is chilly and rustles the holly shrubs that encircle our yard , just inside the iron gate .
the shrubs , too , are a feature of woodcove farms : for security and protection , the real estate brochures said , and a real measure of privacy .
the bridge had been out of use so long that the trees and the shrubs had begun to grow underneath it .
the rain had died , and fog pressed against the siding and hung on the shrubs like christmas tinsel .
diving away , he rolled behind a lion shrub as another bolt came slashing down , barely missing him .
the narrow cement path led us through a dense gully of boulders and shrubs , until we came to a strange stone arch nestled between two high outcroppings .
this time , we stash the moped in some flowering shrubs along the winding manicured road that leads to the front gates .
it 's surrounded by chaise longues and flowering shrubs .
five minutes later i finally spot the rounded shrub that blocks the entrance .
nevertheless , i push forward until i spot the rounded shrub sticking up over the snow , then i race towards it , at first not noticing the very thing my eyes should be attuned to : that the snow at the base of the cave is tossed up and pushed around .
we duck behind an overgrown shrub , and i survey the backyard and its trees , high grass , a big tree stump , a rusty swing set , and an antique wheelbarrow on its side .
i twist to see sam lying on his stomach under a charred shrub .
bernie kosar gallops as fast as he can , his belly brushing the tops of shrubs and felled trees as he hurdles us over obstacles .
the shoulder of the road is lined with sharp rocks and dead shrubs .
my hands curled into fists as i stomped over branches and shrubs .
the buildings gleam in the late afternoon light , and the shrubs have been cut into neat squares .
there were no trees , no shrubs , no flowers , no life to speak of anywhere , if you discounted donkeys and humans and carrion , or the occasional rat .
white grecian columns supported the porch , a large fountain in the front yard burbled peacefully , and rows of perfectly manicured shrubs that looked like upside - down ice cream cones lined either side of the front entrance .
branches and shrubs and stumps rose up before her , and she barreled into them , sharp brambles cutting her skin .
did someone just duck behind a shrub ?
they waded through a bunch of thick shrubs , ignoring the burrs that were affixed to their sweaters , skin , and hair .
four ambulances barreled onto the hastingses ' lawn , giving no heed to the perfectly shaped shrubs and flower beds .
as she passed by the thick line of shrubs that separated the hastings property from the dilaurentises ' , she heard a high - pitched giggle .
then ali 's mom stared at the half - dug hole , then at the shrubs that separated their yard from the hastingses ' .
iris pulled emily behind a huge shrub so tripp 's mom would n't see them .
she stared at a thick line of shrubs on the other side of the lot , then peered worriedly at a locked - up realtor 's office across the street .
the shrubs were a bit thorny , but they wanted to be close to noel if he needed them - if ali actually showed up .
they burst out of the shrubs .
` ` i ' ve thought about this being a mistake , too , '' aria admitted , carefully stashing her bike in a shrub .
the trees and shrubs that divided the yards were bare , and there was a crusty layer of ice on ali 's back porch .
she pulled isaac into a shadowy spot next to a large , snow - laden shrub and pretended like she was searching through her silver clutch .
a dark shadow slid behind an overgrown shrub .
the shrubs perfectly edged in the shape of round balls .
laurel pointed to a dark , narrow path that led down the mountain , practical y overgrown with cacti , brambles , and shrubs .
school buses huffed around the corner , the track team did a final loop around the field for their morning practice , and a bunch of kids were huddled near the spiny shrubs , trying to hide that they were smoking .
brushing off my clothes , i stand up from my position in the shrubs .
anyway , i ' m expecting aimee 's house to be a real shack , but it 's actually a lot like the house i lived in before the era of geech - basically a small brick cube with a gray roof that needs new shingles and a scruffy little bare yard with no trees or shrubs or flowers or anything else .
mainly , they do the breaking , but i kick the shit out of a couple of shrubs .
it feels good , a whole lot better than the feeling i got from beating up those shrubs with jeremy holtz .
the grass could use a good mowing and the shrubs are scraggly , but so what ?
he settled onto a knee behind a stand of broad - leafed shrubs and considered the situation .
perry hauled him into the darkness , back behind the cover of the shrub .
the brush was dry and brittle , the shrubs withered and thirsty .
the rustling of shrubs and the cries of birds did little to disturb abeke .
* * * * * their favorite location for secret blue falcon meetings was the nest , a secluded hollow enclosed by trees and shrubs at the creek below monroe circle , the street where nate , trevor , and pigeon lived .
instead there was a paved jogging path , beyond which a brushy slope descended to a creek lined with trees and shrubs .
pigeon led them along the side of the building , trudging through wood chips , weaving around shrubs and young trees .
off to one side of the road , a black hummer pulled out of hiding from behind a screen of shrubs .
she pointed toward a low stone building partly obscured by shrubs and trees .
trees or heavy shrubs sometimes made them veer well away from the road .
the towering creature was made of tree stumps , dirt , rock , shrubs , part of a chimney , wooden beams , some crumbling battlements , bricks of varied shapes and sizes , half a wagon , a section of cobblestone street , a damaged rowboat , and three iron cages .
trees and shrubs did n't crowd the stream , which created a clearing of sorts - a rare sight in the heavily vegetated region .
something came charging recklessly through the shrubs from off to one side .
sparkling footpaths wound all about the courtyard , past blooming flower beds , clipped grass , colorful shrubs , and leafy creepers ascending trellised walls .
a fuzzy bee circled rachel before zipping away into some nearby shrubs .
there were thick shrubs , some with big , glossy leaves , and tall palm trees .
stunted vegetation subsisted in sparse patches - contorted trees , scraggly shrubs , and prickly cacti .
jason scooted out of the gap , his backpack making it awkward , and recognized the scene - the tall trees , the dense shrubs , the wide river .
he paused several times , crouching beside shrubs or behind trees , listening and watching for enemies .
several times he paused at strange noises , and once he dove from the trail to roll under a scratchy shrub .
as they advanced , she noticed various trinkets - some fashioned out of metal , some of bone or ivory , others of stone - dangling from other trees and shrubs .
astride mandibar , drake burst into view through a pair of tall shrubs and loped over to rachel , dismounting smoothly .
tall weeds and wild shrubs clogged the ground .
rachel plucked a leaf from a shrub and tore it as she walked .
they passed a dilapidated village overgrown by shrubs and small trees , with most of the structures having collapsed into their foundations .
jason ran just ahead of her , and she could see thorny shrubs tearing at his robes as he charged between them .
there were just too many shrubs with too many wiry little limbs .
at last rachel tore free from the last of the taller shrubs .
close behind her , rachel heard reckless pursuers blundering through the prickly shrubs .
a hasty glance back showed rachel the first of the zombies emerging from the spiny shrubs , threadbare clothes mangled .
a dozen more between the creek and the thorny shrubs .
to either side of the vessel , beyond the flat water , bobbing fireflies twinkled amid ferny shrubs .
they followed the remnants of an ancient stone road that survived mostly as a jumbled mess overgrown with shrubs and creeping plants .
broad fanlike leaves ; limp streamers ; ferny fronds ; corkscrewing tendrils ; slim , pointed greenery ; clusters of minute leaflets ; and seemingly every other conceivable manner of foliage decorated the shrubs and trees .
he surveyed the vicinity - the mossy trees along the river , the shrubs below , the insects buzzing nearby - mildly astonished at how acceptable the impossible became once it had transpired .
a nearby shrub had long , corkscrewing leaves .
he saw the charred remnants of a house , thorny shrubs growing up among the blackened wood , the scorched chimney still mostly intact .
they were hardly steps now - just lumps of rock and sand peppered with shrubs .
cole jumped down first , swearing when he landed in the short shrubs , while i steadied grace on the sill .
surprisingly , i seemed to be , despite the scraps of police tape clinging to the shrubs and the torn screen on the lanai flapping in the breeze ; these things - like the rented dumpster that stood on the curb , waiting to swallow what remained of my grandfather 's life - made me sad , not scared .
when the crater had been filled , fiona dragged some shrubs and vines over the raw soil and began to grow them .
at the bottom of the steps leading up to the porch was a flower bed filled with leafless shrubs and a small figure standing guard , just to my left .
at a certain height , she began to notice large , brittle brown shrubs that grew up among the boulders .
lilly ann and taylor walked out onto a meandering gravel path that led them through a magical garden of colorful flowerbeds and artistically pruned shrubs with lush green patches of grass in - between .
in front of them appeared an archway that was cut into a dense wall of hazel shrubs that still bore a few catkins .
trees and shrubs had been cleared or trimmed to give clear lines of sight near the buildings and the gates were now more than decorative .
looking again , i saw that patches of trees and shrubs covered a fair amount of the area before us .
the path took her through ravines decorated with patches of tiny white flowers growing on the grey rocks and over hilltops sprouting spiny - looking shrubs and trees .
the smaller plants and shrubs changed too , adopting the same dazzling colour .
on the ground below the hawk he could see a jackrabbit resting in the shade of a small shrub .
wildflowers grew in abundance alongside myriad herbs and other shrubs , the landscape sloping steadily upwards to the hills .
the only vegetation appears to be the shrubs and trees that line the river .
he knew he had reached the tree line when he stumbled over a thorny shrub and fell , rolling down the incline towards the river .
he came to rest against another shrub and lay there , breathless and thankful , for several minutes .
the old farm house with the hills and the mesquite trees and shrubs in the background made a lovely picture looking down across the valley towards the river where yellow sandstone cliffs fronted by tall cottonwoods invited you to stop and breathe in the natural beauty .
i did nt wait for a reply but took a good look around , emerged from cover and crossed the distance to the next clump of shrubs to the west of the barn , the opposite side from the entrance , or at least i hoped .
gephart was helped up the path , then sent forward through a growth of grass , bracken , and shrubs for sentry duty on a small knoll .
that night nance and i , wrapped in dark cloaks like cat burglars and led by a protesting lor , crept from the stable and moved silently in the shadows of the shrubs and outcropping rocks .
the door was closed and ober 's man could wander up and down the wall all night , peering behind shrubs or running his hands along the stones .
only empty huts separated by dead vegetable patches and small twisted shrubs .
the place would hold banquets every year celebrating birthdays and so forth but nature seemed to resent it for not even the tiniest shrub flourished more than a hundred feet near the grounds .
i did notice that the forest from threms world was absent and was replaced by hilly grassland dotted by large round shrubs .
they were forced to pull their knives and hack a path through the tangled shrubs .
she smiled and alex started walking through the thick weave of the palm trees and shrubs .
it was almost completely hidden between two large pine trees and a large shrub .
ornamental bushes and shrubs were placed in a pleasing arrangement all around the exterior .
captain scarburg had cursed his lack of ability to discern colors on his arrival in the cow - pasture , but now he was thankful - had it not been for the captains monotone vision this person would have blended into the surrounding foliage of the trees , shrubs and evergreens , totally camouflaged .
the neat rows he had seen from above were not shrubs or new saplings .
landon would nt be smirking after she turned another shrub into a bonfire .
tapping his lip , he glanced at the solid walls of overgrown shrubs and vines that filled the gaps beneath the trees .
there was nothing but the low sloping hills of emon 's march , unbroken by shrubs or treesthe same scenery that filled the horizon on every side and had for days .
the prince passed into the city itself , and noticed first that in direct contrast to the outer citys maze of dangerously tilted wooden structures , banelyn city proper was made of long , straight roads lined with beautiful trees and well cared - for shrubs .
as he walked , he never saw the big older man standing motionless behind the shrubs in the shadows of his building .
sculpted through lush rolling hills , the native areas around the fringes of the course were covered with deciduous trees and shrubs .
as the front team moved into place , two men were partially concealed behind a shrub on the north side of the stoop when the front door opened .
the foundation shrubs were mature , allowing him to conceal himself against the building .
foundation shrubs provided concealment , as they moved closer to the front wall .
wincing in pain , he turns to find a deku shrub waddling toward him angrily .
the shrubs prove every bit as relentless as the stalchildren , emerging from every direction .
continuing forward , rift is relieved to find no deku shrubs in the area .
with the sun having set behind the mountains , the forest became a dark maze of trees and shrubs .
whenever they would stop for the night , after shed complete her assigned job of pitching the tents , she would use her machete to help clear the surrounding ground of capsivella shrubs , which they would later use as fuel for a fire .
eric placed another capsivella shrub on top of the fire .
instinctively , she reached out and grabbed a nearby capsivella shrub .
although her wallet was waterproof , she felt since it contained the derrotero , it would be safer hidden under her clothes by a clump of shrubs .
returning to the water , soap in hand , she waded out a ways , staying in line with the shrubs .
out of the corner of her eye , she saw the shrubs move where she had left her clothes .
he followed her from a distance and watched as she entered the clump of shrubs .
the advertisements were made from natural hedges and shrubs forming a garden like appearance .
high tombstones , shrubs and trees created a private space .
it was roughly circular in shape , no more than a couple of hundred metres wide , and covered by various grasses , shrubs , and other smaller indigenous plants .
inside , the rooms in the middle of the hangar looked like the garden section of a home depot ; trees , shrubs and vines grew everywhere in unsealed units , lighted by growing lamps .
we slogged for what seemed like miles through any number of trails ; some were gravel roads that had long been overgrown by weeds and trees ; most were nothing more than animal trails worn through tall grass and shrubs .
with the sun now warm , and with kids that needed to go home , grandpa directed us down the mountain on a shrub - choked foot path that led directly to , you guessed it , this special place .
chapter four friday , 5:37 pm the home of tanemura funakoshi and his great niece , yoshika funakoshi , was a beautiful , brick house that was surrounded by perfectly - trimmed shrubs and beautiful , deciduous trees during the summer .
beyond it , the land rolled away to the mountains , alight with the spring greens of grass , shrubs , and deciduous trees displaying shy new leaves .
time passed until daylight enabled him to distinguish individual leaves on shrubs .
the latter were selected from trees and shrubs at a distance from the campsite in order to avoid noticeable stripping of nearby trees .
it glided down to earth and gently dropped matilda and peri on a tiled forecourt surrounded by beautiful shrubs and statues .
they walked through the house and out into a pleasant back area , more like a small park , with stone walking - paths , colourful blossoms and trees and shrubs .
round , dried - out shrubs were scattered about , each two or three feet in diameter .
everything seemed so dead around me , even the tough desert shrubs had disappeared .
trees and shrubs showed off their spring colours ; bright greens mingled with the pink and white of early blossom .
they were set out like an oasis with palm trees , colourful flower beds , exotic shrubs and sandy beaches beside a lagoon .
at the top of this area , which was covered in flowery gardens , sculptured shrubs , gentle waterfalls and gravelled paths , stood the palace that matilda had seen in the crystal ball .
inside the area , trees and shrubs had been planted around a stream that ran over rocks and was fed by a waterfall which flowed through the glass wall .
jia was sitting by a pool , surrounded by shrubs and flower beds , throwing breadcrumbs to the golden carp that were swimming lazily beneath the lily pads .
the floras and the wild shrubs that touches her dress turned into dust in no minute .
* * * in pueblo santa barbara , just as the sun topped the mountains to the east , a huge man lounged in the shade of a low shrub , coal - black hair swept low across his brown eyes , covering his wide brow as he watched the scene unfolding in the road , his nut - brown skin made him almost invisible in the shadows , even as huge as he was .
through the woods , past shrubs and pine trees and scurrying animals .
trees and shrubs added life to the paving and tarmac , and the services building reared up ahead in glass and tile .
all of the shrubs were barren and stark with a dusting of snow .
the shore was as barren as that at port st julian , with low shrubs and few trees .
thick trees and shrubs began to thin as the day wore on and trees made way for rich golden fields of grass as far as the eye can see .
a sparkling stream wandered amongst them , gliding past shrubs and swimming over tiny rocks that glittered like jewels .
on the outskirts of the village where all paths converged lay a green grassy mound dotted with miniature bushes and shrubs , and nudged by a family of larger trees .
thick shrubs rustled and parted behind .
finding what he was looking for , he handed the book to anne , and pulled her to a bench encircled and hidden by shrubs .
roots from shrubs above had pushed their way between the bricks and dangled like spindly fingers above his head .
the rear garden that had been filled with fruit trees and vegetable plots was now a small square lawn bordered by overgrown shrubs with a washing line through the centre .
the torch beams scoured the back garden , lighting up the panelled fence and darting between overgrown bushes and shrubs .
she dragged samuel and brock into the space between the shrub and the wall .
they walked along a path through thick shrubs .
as he neared the bottom step , a boot emerged from the shrubs and kicked away his walking stick .
frank saw boxwood , large and overgrown , rambling across the yard and bumping into waist high grass , and treelike shrubs .
as his eyes adjusted to the starlight , he could see shapes of bushes and shrubs .
he struggled to his feet in a state of panic ; knocking over trees and shrubs , he fled into the woods .
he peered around a stand of shrubs and saw the most beautiful creature he had ever seen .
first there was a tree or shrub here or there .
it sailed through the air and landed in a nearby shrub .
there were birds of many varieties , chipmunks , rabbits , squirrels ; he even saw a lone aardvark lumbering from behind a shrub .
to the left and right of the track is a thick growth of shrubs and weed that blocks your view .
my doubts confirmed , i turned to 3 and pointed at the shrub .
trying to spot as many marijuana plants as i could , i fell into observing the tiny road - side shrubs that grew all around in the fertile , moisture - laden earth .
we begin to see tufts of grass and shrubs , and distant terraced farmlands far beneath , near the river .
in the constant half - light , strange shrubs of brownish plants grow through crevices in the rocks .
a quick look back at the steep two hundred and fifty foot slope stretching down below him and brad jerked on the shrubs one last time .
it was like a tunnel through wild roses , shrubs and young and very old trees .
conifers were woody and the great majority of them had just a few shrubs .
there were no other fruits to be found , and if there had ever been a field of grain , shrubs and weeds had displaced it .
snow clung desperately to the shadowy recesses beneath shrubs , against walls , and around tree thickets , refusing to give up its final grasp on winter .
pulling his way through the dense bank of fir shrubs , he cursed them as their needles tormented and scratched at him , hindering his advance .
not only did the miserable shrubs obscure the mouth of the tunnel , no one would be inclined to see what lay behind them .
chris was quick to carry it out by its leg and threw it behind the shrub .
leaves , shrubs , grass everything had gone , nothing remained but an appalling blackness .
bears tasty fruit mopani : indigenous shrub / tree nkosi : respectful way of addressing a superior panga : machete picannin : small african boy ratel : heavily armoured six - wheel drive troop carrier with a .50 browning machine gun on the turret .
all the activity had been totally ignored by houdi , snoozing in the shade of a nearby shrub .
he stopped at a low thorny shrub and parted the low - hanging branches , pointing at the ground .
it had a huge trunk with dense shrubs around the base .
from the corner of his eye dr mocke caught a movement in the garden shrubs .
he dismounted and left the horse in the middle of a thick clump of shrubs where even direct lighting would not reveal its presence .
in the moist humidity of the valley , the ground changed from dry , dusty soil , dotted with patches of coarse grass , to thick , green shrubs and vegetation .
soil , shrubs , trees , even dinosaurs running from the noise began to slither helplessly into the gaping wound .
ornamental shrubs , a tennis court and , even better for the girls , a kidney shaped swimming pool beneath overhanging fern trees appeared , adjacent to a large car garage .
they had often gone exploring , searching through the shrubs and trees , examining the flowers and plants which grew there unchecked , even wild in places where ira had allowed them to go their own way .
then they zigzagged across the garden , dodging amongst flowers and shrubs .
this part of the garden was bereft of flowers , only shrubs and patches of dense ivy growing beside it and then gazing upward he saw a great oak rising against the sky .
vines , grass and shrubs grew wild and kira doubted anyone lived there , but she could feel it was a perfect place to avoid attention and was so remote that it was a miracle a place like this had been tracked down .
two hundred feet took a half hour to approach a shrub that grew up beside the building .
with seven physically powerful demons inside packing in a rush , ethan took a gamble and ran down the hill to jump into a patch of shrubs close to the open door .
it took a moment for his eyes to readjust to the brightness but when it did , he saw shrubs and the river beyond .
something moved in the clump of shrubs about twenty feet up the cliff wall .
tony said still staring at the shrubs .
they broke their embrace and headed in the direction of the clump of shrubs .
the entrance of the cave was a narrow ledge overgrown with shrubs and vines and packed with a hundred and twenty years of debris .
other greek and roman statues stood up among the shrubs and vines like frozen apparitions .
he stooped to break off a small twig from the branch of a shrub used to make the bed .
they were planting small shrubs and vegetables and a few flowering plants that did nt need much sun to grow .
they did not even hesitate as they came upon ulfcytels army , but kept walking , as if towards a shrub they could easily chop from their path .
eventually her small home peeked out from behind a slope of shrubs , its thatched roof glowing with the warm colors of the sunset .
a shrub shook , and a pheasuck clucked and sailed past , the air hissing between its feathers .
landric shadowed the man through the shrubs , passed by a few small ponds with exotic fish , and little waterfalls , until they reached an opening with a statue in the center of the garden .
the tall shrubs were trimmed neatly around the stone paths that wound through the courtyard .
cursing joe for deserting him he tucked in his head , pumped his arms and tore off in the direction of the camp ducking behind shrubs and grass mounds all the way as far as the lay of the land would let him .
lodgepole pines that could cope with the dry soil shot up straight from the dense grasses and blocked out the sun ; green and brown shrubs and smaller trees bunched in a thick riot at their base .
i was shocked to see a very light dusting of snow on the ground and the shrubs around the store it was summertime in june , after all .
i was lurched along as our feet cracked through brush and sticks as we pushed through tree branches and shrubs .
the shrub moved and a figure emerged from behind it .
the earth was very red and dotted with pale green shrubs .
some boys found claire , cowering in the shrubs . ''
she dove out of the way into some low shrubs .
she pulled herself out of the shrubs , brushed off her jacket , and turned to face him .
they eat insects and bugs off shrubs and plants .
there was nothing to anchor itwithout insects , or earthworms , grass or shrubs , the rain only turned into mud for a short time .
the bottom was about ten feet wide and free from bushes and shrubs .
the narrow track to the right was fenced on both sides with thorny shrubs .
further ahead along the rightward branch , the tunnel became narrow and dark because of the overhanging shrubs and creepers at the top .
fortunately they discovered a nook , a depressed ground on the sidewall , overgrown with shrubs .
the temple had tapered down from its roof and the slopes of the hill behind was strewn with remnants of burnt trees overgrown with creepers and shrubs .
they should come early and hide behind the slope behind the temple taking cover of the burnt trunks and shrubs .
the land fell away in all directions , flowing with green grasses and thorny shrubs and leafless trees .
one such island surrounded the big old weeping willow i had created from a shrub .
i plucked some leaves from a shrub and expanded them into a cottony fabric that i shaped into my typical black hoodie and blue jeans .
she reached down and pulled out a small shrub by the roots .
grass and shrubs , rocks and dirt , melded together in a smooth blur as horse and rider flew over the ground .
the branches of the shrubs seemed to open up to her as her body squeezed through easily .
they were next to echos secret place , the pond hidden from view by the thick wall of trees and shrubs .
so , i hid in the shrub under our kitchen window with a matchbox car in my hand , thumb spinning the plastic wheels , thinking someday i would have a car of my own .
bree emerged from a shrub next to the door .
the shooter is among trees , and there 's a shrub between them .
i saw what she was talking about , the trees and the shrub .
the bright green foliage and summer flowers of that lone branch stood in sharp contrast to the rest of the shrub .
brody walked beyond the rear of the car to look at the recently - planted shrubs along the front lawn , parallel to the lane .
kate sprung from her squatted position next to a shrub near the door of the bungalow , her ' blending ' defense mechanism forgotten .
the weeds on my lawn looked even more dead than usual , and as i walked past one shrub , it actually fell over .
though i was sure that the overgrown shrubs and trees of my yard prevented my neighbors from seeing whatever was done there , i was also certain that if any of them had looked out of their windows at that point , they would have seen me climbing down from my bedroom window with a man in a blue tie .
interested , grimey crept to a spot behind a tree surrounded by shrubs and watched them .
only the larger trees and a few shrubs remained rooted in the ground .
all mud except for an occasional stick and uprooted shrub .
leo examined the nearby area and spotted more sticks like it along with shrubs that had been lashed together .
leo could no longer hold it down and sprawled into a nearby shrub .
just a few scattered trees and shrubs a little ways inland from the water .
his eyes fixed on some shrubs a ways away from the riverbank .
they were thicker and larger than the other shrubs in the area .
axe in hand , grimey neared the shrubs as leo and kane followed behind .
in the gentle breeze the shrubs swayed easily in unison .
then he noticed a small brown rodent no larger than a regular rat had crawled out of the shrub .
before he could think more upon it there was more rustling from the shrub and another rat scurried out .
excited , grimey leaped to his feet and dove into the shrub before leo or kane could react to stop him .
grimey eagerly tossed the two rats back into the shrubs .
just as grimey had hoped , the two rats exploded and set off a chain reaction which detonated the other rats hiding in the shrubs .
it was n't long until the shrub was covered in a mess of gore and exploded rat parts .
pushing aside thick shrubs , serena steps into a clearing .
a blue jewel sparkles back at herher mom 's necklace , splayed out over the shrubs below .
pushing aside shrubs , serena enters the tree line .
even the shrubs on the ground seem to lean away from it .
serena drops to her knees next to him and squints , focusing her eyes through the shrubs and onto the brightening shoreline .
the tips of a trident pierce through the shrubs , directly in between her and liam .
it is like watching the king and alaric through the shrubs all over again .
nolan closed his eyes and concentrated on that clearing , visualizing the blooming shrubs and bustling life that inhabited that clean place .
they seemed to be on every single plant and flitted between the flowers and shrubs .
just as he was deciding between flowers or shrubs to plant along the main walkway , ians son walked into the room .
he stared at the narrow path overgrown with vines and verdant shrubs .
ian immediately crouched low and ducked behind an enormous shrub .
they continued through the weeping forest silently , dodging thorny limbs , wiping the black goop from their bodies as the leaves dripped , until the path disappeared in a tangle of fallen trees and jumbled shrubs .
trees , shrubs , and grasses were not to be found .
the two men got on their bellies and crawled the last few paces to gaze out of the shrubs toward the mine , some fifty yards distant and below them .
the ravine looked water worn , but had short trees , shrubs and bushes growing within it as well .
he stared intently and caught a glimpse of talons back as he inched his way forward under the cover of shrubs .
after being told by talon to remain on the ridge , hidden in the shrubs overlooking the mine , jason had kept himself well hidden .
the surrounding forest was barren , and even the leaves on the occasional shrubs had long since fallen to the ground .
now , vicious , orange tendrils danced on the trees and swirled through the grass and shrubs around me .
neatly trimmed shrubs lined the front .
before they had gone very far , andre stopped by a brook to pray , leaving christian to search amongst the low shrubs against the wall .
brents blade had sliced through the air and lopped off a large leaf from one of the larger shrubs nearby .
she had thought that the mark would point directly down to the treasure buried underneath it , after all it did say to dig under the rock , but it pointed away from the stone and through some more shrubs .
catherine followed a path around to the front where they saw a normal front door flanked on each side by small windows grown up with shrubs but lit from the inside by candlelight .
eben and red had found a clearing that was well protected from the weather by a circle of shrubs and trees .
chapter seven they hid in the shadows about fifty feet from the wall and were huddled behind a group of shrubs .
from their place behind the shrubs they had a wide view of the area .
cautiously we pushed our way through the hedge , which was composed of shrubs as large as small trees , and very thick at the bottom , and , having traversed it , found ourselves in a great meadow - like expanse which might have been a lawn .
and must i , said henry , as he gazed from a window of the hall upon the undulating park , the majestic trees , the flowers , the shrubs , and the many natural beauties with which the place was full , must i be chased from this spot , the home of my self and of my kindred , by a phantommust i indeed seek refuge elsewhere , because my own home has become hideous ?
finally satisfied with his placement of ... whatever it was ... he had wandered off and squatted by a flowering shrub to watch .
* * * arrows hissed past marthir as she thundered across the uneven surface of the square , her hooves tearing apart the small shrubs .
a stone road cut itself through the terrain amidst rocks and shrubs , savage monsters and beasts roaming aimlessly in the distance .
the forms of twisting trees and shrubs silhouetted themselves against the deep blue of the night sky , the moon rising from behind .
then just as quickly as he appeared , he stepped through a thick layer of shrubs , and departed into the woods .
there are lots of blooming flowers and fragrant shrubs and aromatic ferns .
small fires lit the grass and small shrubs .
the shrubs and trees were less diverse in their varieties .
good fortune brought him to a twisting vine which on a sturdy shrub was seen to twine , and loaded down with fully - ripened grapes .
they liked to hunt in pairs , or groups of three , uprooting shrubs and shaking every tree , no more afraid of warriors than cubs .
zack and luke forged ahead , while the girls examined interesting shrubs and wild flowers .
to one side was a small raised garden with an abundance of vines and shrubs .
the bathing pool was lavish with lovely gardens and sculptured fountains , green vines and shrubs embracing the sunken bath .
within a few steps she could not even see the keep from whence they had come , but rather stately trees and flowering shrubs , climbing floral vines writhing among arbors .
it seemed to line the trees and shrubs around itas well as some guy holding an unusual looking hiking stick .
i tried to find different trees , shrubs , flowers and wildlife .
there were nt many shrubs , though .
once we entered the woods , we had to slow a bit to maneuver around the shrubs and branches that were reaching out to grab our clothing .
others ranged closer to the house , looking along the tree line or in the shrubs .
the trees looked like tiny shrubs .
as its true means of defense , the gnome then morphed into an innocuous shrub .
the shrub shook of its own volition and incrementally began to morph back into its original , drunken shape .
it was generously dotted with talking trees of limited intellect and ample shade , as well as candy shrubs and enormous flowers with emotion - inducing fragrances .
his chain mail grew hot with icy numbness before he jumped through a bush of briars and thorns and the prickly ends of the shrub tore at him , ripping his clothes as he passed through .
she walked along the shrubs into a maze of lush greenery , and smiled before she saw him behind her .
after one of the guards shoved his blade into a shrub and struck metal , a sword shot out from the leaves and stabbed him .
she nodded her head as she gracefully navigated through the forest shrubs and jutting branches , ` ` that is correct if the giver permits .
at first , only tiny crystals glistened and winked in the sand as they climbed down into the valley , then the sloping hills gave way to majestic trees that soon looked like shrubs against the colossal towers of crystal .
they slid behind and under boulders and within barely surviving shrubs .
he shouted as he was getting closer to me , knocking plants and shrubs over .
east are hills thickly carpeted with shrubs and thorns , and offspring trees that curve their branches to the ground and plant seeds where they touch .
there were twenty yards of open space between him and the shrub where paris hid .
she nodded and they cut across the courtyard , carefully pruned bushes and well tended shrubs lining the walkway , the scent of mint and ratatta weaving through the air .
all the trees and shrubs were gone , and the path was lost in the loose earth .
you re chasing a mouse and he suddenly darts into a field of grass or shrubs or some other obstruction camouflaging your prey .
they had started out energised by his inspiring speech and had stealthily hunted through the rocks and shrubs , but after several hours their enthusiasm and adrenaline had begun to fade .
first the dotted shrubs , then the low cut grasses ; the desert was behind them .
soon the girls were lost in the paths , admiring the sculptured shrubs , the huge trees , and the geometrical symmetry of the beds .
she peels away the swans and lions and tigers , the foliage and shrubs not quite real , the leaves and fruits that taste of honey and ice .
and as the width of this unnerving void expanded , the light in which everything around them was bathed in up until moments ago grew dimmer and darker from ruby to crimson , maroon , brown till finally whole pieces of the landscape ( birch groves , whiteberry shrubs , even the edges of the sacred river ) were swallowed up by creeping shadows , seemingly lost forever in the thickness of uncolour .
for some accursed sentry stationed near the burrow must have seen father and son emerge from the shrubs , and trying to smoke out anyone left at the bottom of the hole he d set their cave on fire .
raddia was indignant , and would very much like to cut into the high servants thoughts in a loud mind voice to recall to him of their vast superiority , but instead she and gallan were suddenly offered a chance to give their guide a display he would nt soon forget for while they sat , each one immersed in their own musings , a dark shape pounced at them from behind a shrub , causing veig treth to shriek and jump for cover behind them .
so on that day , while they hid behind a shrub and gazed at the domicile through its branches , their fear was as deep as it was delightful .
every tree , flower , shrub , and stone , bringing with it powers of heal and restore , love and light .
a graceful deer bound , a playful rabbit hop from beneath a shrub .
lyrics voice coming from behind a group of bridalwreath shrubs and lilacs .
in a few breaths we were moving between the shrubs and trees , on the trail to the black road .
on the jungle path my waist cloth was torn away by a shrub , and i picked it up and carried it into the village .
there was no light on that trail , it was narrow and torn by roots and black under the leafy trees and shrubs .
in that place i stood waiting for the crackles of yellow lightning that flickered across the sky , and during each burst i looked over the piled stones and shrubs for the tip of a war - spear , or any useful thing .
i have my own private overhang , shaded by shrubs on the street side .
soon as i arrived , i eased my car under my apartments private canopy where it was shielded by the shrubs , grabbed my box and let myself into my new home .
i went straight outside to the other side of the canopy where my car was parked and poured the water , along with the ashes , onto the ground under the first shrub .
as they headed to the entrance of the south transept wing , father avriel caught sight of father antony weaving quickly around a set of small shrubs .
the cold rain released the tangy smell of evergreens and the aromatic scent of wild sage and rosemary shrubs that grew with abandon between rocks and boulders along the road .
one day before the window helen calls seymours attention to a shrub with bright yellow flowers in a distant public garden .
seymour says that he d never paid attention to flowers or shrubs before he met marie - claude .
the warlock moved quickly behind a patch of small woody shrubs which lined the driveway .
i remember one such dwarf had a beard so thick it looked like a red shrub had somehow grown out of his face .
soon the first soldiers appeared , heavily armed with weapons drawn ; they systematically searched all the surrounding trees and shrubs along the riverbank .
great gnarled roots from trees and shrubs and grasses and flowers .
the wolfs head lay buried under a boulder , small shrubs and forest loam nearly covered the body .
bert stopped to watch as a hand reached up , pushing a shrub away from the wolf .
hiding her bow and quiver under a low shrub , she made herself look as much like an innocent country girl as possible and walked up the path .
she walked by the shrub where she had hidden her bow and quiver .
she ran into the shadows , rolled over a fallen tree and fell into a shrub .
she scrambled from the grasping shrub , panting , sweat streaming into the fresh cuts and scrapes on her body .
dry shrubs and large weeds now dotted the path where water had once ran in torrents .
if you really want me to protect you from the shrubs and wild rocks , i will be glad to accompany you .
she had to take his word for it as she scanned the walls and the shrubs in front of her being careful of the changing turf .
the faint green glowing shrubs and cacti were the only points of interest .
it took him a second to process , but as he landed with a thud on the far shore , he spun back around quickly to look at the tiny island , spotted with a few pines and shrubs .
going on the attack , the kid was using a fury of power to rip rocks , shrubs , and sticks from the ground and send them flying at mikael , who was on the defensive , dodging and jumping , trying not to get hit .
the blood trail lead him to some trees and shrubs that grew tightly together , he saw the blood stains leading into the bush .
cassie admired the brick work that cradled juvenile evergreen shrubs in front of a large bay window .
bushes , small shrubs , and fruit trees were also in the oasis , giving the scenery depth and texture .
i knew exactly how the leaves felt because lucy and galen both made me stand in the damn shrubs .
cuts from the beach rocks and thorny shrubs covered his red skin and splinters from the tree jutted from his back .
the water - casks were brimming again and heavy , which displeased only the camels , and even they were not unhappy ; they did not spit and kick while being unloaded , as was their usual practice , but submitted quietly to the handling and to their tethers , and eagerly bent their heads to the tender green shrubs around the water - hole .
his gaze was fixed on the green shrub they 'd been sitting beside , with its dozens of shiny closed buds .
the leaves on the shrub hung still and motionless .
as he 'd driven over to them , he 'd thought about how funny deserts were : like their polar opposite , the ocean , at night they melded into the sky at the far distance , and it was n't until you had a reference point , like a shrub or a ship -- or a dumb - ass idea like jim 's savior shit -- that you had visual confirmation the earth was in fact round , and not square .
evidently though it preferred to hunt from ambush , the creature was not unwilling to confront solitary prey ; it crept one leg and then another out of the shrub - growth and came towards him at a slow deliberate pace : forelegs with long , many - jointed talons , scaled in dark shades of brown and green , with heavy sloping shoulders .
the next day at morning , churki suggested he should accompany her , flying ; and when he feebly demurred she nosed at a tall stand of green - leaved shrub and said , ` ` brew those leaves fresh , instead of those strange dried ones you carry with you , and you will feel better ; or take a handful and chew them . ''
` ` those were tasty , '' iskierka said , licking her chops : when they had finished hunting , temeraire had persuaded her to heat up a few rocks with her fire ; he had piled them into a pit with the llamas and buried them along with a pleasantly aromatic shrub and a bit of water from a salt spring , so that when they had finished their business , the llamas were cooked and ready to eat .
there was a stick , or possibly a dead shrub , in each one .
when they were safely hidden behind a shrub he said , ' he 's gone barmy . '
` ` how long , '' chenery said , panting as he hacked away , ` ` do you suppose it would take , for every dragon in england ; if we must find them all like this - ` ` there was a low crackling of brush like water droplets sizzling in a skillet of hot fat , and a low coughing sound , dyspeptic , came from the other side of the choked - off shrub .
nitidus managed to wedge himself into a gap left among the trees , where a larger had fallen , but temeraire was forced to try and make himself a landing place by trampling down the smaller but more stubborn shrubs which had invaded the space .
the dog led them on an aimless straggling path through the ferocious underbrush ; it more easily than they could work through the tangled shrubs and deadwood .
at last they left behind the wastelands , and the desert yielded to milder scenery of green trees and yellow ground overgrown with thick grasses ; late in the morning , the belly of the dragon rumbled loud above them with his roar of greeting : answered momentarily with several voices from up ahead , and they came abruptly into view of an astonishing prospect : a vast moving herd of elephants , creeping slowly across the savannah as they tore at the shrubs and low - hanging branches in their path , and enduring with perfect docility the supervision of two dragons and some thirty men , who ambled along comfortably behind , only a few lengths short of the rear of the herd .
the herdsmen carried long sticks with dangling rattles , by which means they kept the herd from turning back ; a little farther along , perhaps a quarter - of - a - mile into the wreckage the herd had left behind , women worked busily , spreading great bushels of red - stained manure and planting young shrubs : they sang as they worked , rhythmically .
i started toward the front of the lighthouse where a few hardy windblown shrubs converged from the cliff 's flanks .
there were a few shrubs planted at the base of the tower and above them was a large round window .
dew soaked the grasses and the leaves of the shrubs .
she pointed toward the evergreen shrubs to the left of the door with a finger that was almost steady .
she glanced at the shrubs growing along the wall one final time - an involuntary , horrified little peek - and then looked resolutely back at ralph and only ralph .
vince kept his eyes peeled as they stayed close to the wall , behind the shrubs .
his only thought to protect her , vince shot out from behind the shrubs to tackle him .
people came and began ( by orders ) to clear away the pavilions and the tables and the chairs , and the spoons and knives and bottles and plates , and the lanterns , and the flowering shrubs in boxes , and the crumbs and cracker - paper , the forgotten bags and gloves and handkerchiefs , and the uneaten food ( a very small item ) .
about it stood fir - trees , short and bent , and its sides were steep and clothed with harts - tongue and shrubs of whortle - berry .
beyond it were slopes covered with sombre trees like dark clouds , but all about them lay a tumbled heathland , grown with ling and broom and cornel , and other shrubs that they did not know .
all about them were small woods of resinous trees , fir and cedar and cypress , and other kinds unknown in the shire , with wide glades among them ; and everywhere there was a wealth of sweet - smelling herbs and shrubs .
the eastern gardens were n't as lavish as the ones vin frequented , and were instead made up of smooth brown grass and the occasional shrub .
it was filled with blackened soil occasionally split by brown vines or shrubs .
it sat before a small shrub .
beldre sat down on her bench , hands held motionless in her lap , looking down at the sad shrub .
he landed in a patch of decorative shrubs that caught his coat tassels and made a rustling noise .
nobody planted decorative shrubs out in the roughs .
marasi popped up from a shrub next to him .
they passed through a flock of large orange - coloured birds all fast asleep , each on one leg , each with its head beneath its wing , so that they looked like a grove of formal and flowery shrubs .
i broke from him , dropped to my knees , and threw up into a convenient shrub .
the dull - colored stretches of sandy dirt adorned with splotches of green from low shrubs and plants .
the garage had three doors , as advertised , and tasteful shrubs and ornamental trees decorated the lawn .
there were already people around , wandering the municipal gardens - now in midwinter , little more than a large grassy field with , here and there , some steps , a shrub , a statue .
then tuor found himself in a rugged country bare of trees , and swept by a wind coming from the set of the sun , and all the shrubs and bushes leaned to the dawn because of that prevalence of that wind .
low branches from the trees and shrubs in the forest whipped against his thick coat until he slowed at the edge of the clearing to spy upon the girl .
it was coming from her left , along the row of shrubs that lined the path to the house 's side door - an opportune place for an intruder to break in , or for scarlett to sneak her way into cassie 's home .
the shrubs moved again - this time she saw it with her own eyes - and she screamed , ` ` scarlett ! ''
there was movement in the shadows around them , a stirring of shrubs .
i sat down on his front step while he began trimming some of the thick shrubs flanking the front of the house .
it was mostly cacti , shrubs , and scraggly trees .
it was not pleasant flying , despite the lack of direct sun : they had to keep close within the narrow canyon walls , uninteresting and covered with scrubby dried - out grass and shrubs gone pale as wheat .
it was easy to see : a faint silvery gleam amid the dusty country , ringed invitingly by many shrubs and a few thin trees , and after they had drunk , tharkay called their attention to the small hill a little way off , where at the summit he had found the mid - day camp where the thieves had paused to eat a little .
jack himself seemed to agree with them ; at least he did not answer , or step out from behind a shrub and wave an arm .
the ground cover rapidly thinned out further as the twilight advanced ; even the shrubs had begun to diminish and crouch lower to the ground , small dark lumps as they flew .
at first the dawn grey lingered , cast over all the ground , pale knotted clumps of grass and darker shrubs standing out against the dark earth .
temeraire preferred those where the trees and shrubs were scant and fire - blackened , and the grass very low to the ground , but in the afternoon when they had flown past a dry creek bed lined with the dark green shrubs , the vegetation flourished up again , huge straw - yellow mop - heads of grasses and pale green tender shrubs everywhere , trees spiking up .
temeraire preferred those where the trees and shrubs were scant and fire - blackened , and the grass very low to the ground , but in the afternoon when they had flown past a dry creek bed lined with the dark green shrubs , the vegetation flourished up again , huge straw - yellow mop - heads of grasses and pale green tender shrubs everywhere , trees spiking up .
temeraire preferred those where the trees and shrubs were scant and fire - blackened , and the grass very low to the ground , but in the afternoon when they had flown past a dry creek bed lined with the dark green shrubs , the vegetation flourished up again , huge straw - yellow mop - heads of grasses and pale green tender shrubs everywhere , trees spiking up .
there were not very many trees or shrubs , although fresh grasses grew in abundance ; but despite the lack of shade , temeraire found it a great refreshment to sit upon the half - green shore and look away from the red sand and rock everywhere ; and there were no bushes to hide lurking bunyips .
they landed for the night at another stand of trees and shrubs around a watering - hole of fresher water , a little distance onward from the lake , although the ground was still pale with salt .
` ` i do n't call it hunting , '' caesar returned , tugging up a shrub beside him , ` ` when we are running them out towards him , and he is only sitting there picking them up .
and yet laurence felt little more so as they limped finally back into sydney , a ragged and thinner band , and set down upon the promontory already once more overgrown in their long absence : grass and weeds and small prickly shrubs beginning to re - establish a hold .
a small , whitewashed fence contained a patch of grass and shrubs .
the shrubs were dead now , every one of them .
burn it , renald thought , glancing to the sides , noticing the brown grass and dead shrubs again .
the things that passed for trees in this land were gnarled , twisting , branching shrubs by comparison .
the underbrush of thin - branched boneweed shrubs matted together , forming an almost unnatural barrier , and those shrubs scratched like claws on his skin .
the underbrush of thin - branched boneweed shrubs matted together , forming an almost unnatural barrier , and those shrubs scratched like claws on his skin .
but beyond that , she had mirrors positioned to reflect light into the room , which was overgrown with small potted trees , shrubs growing in large basins of earth , and even a small garden for carrots and radishes .
out beyond that trampled - down shantytown there were only shrubs , stunted trees , a shadowed bit of broken timber that might have been a wagon wheel .
aviendha drew some fallen brown undergrowth over herself for camouflage , then lay down flat beside a dead shrub and remained perfectly still .
it took him some searching , poking through dried shrubs and past dead flower beds , to find tuon .
the air here smelled pungent , and faile expected to find a rotting corpse behind every black - speckled shrub .
beyond the railing of the hallway was a steep hill covered in dense shrubs .
oleander shrubs , with their white flowers and fatally toxic leaves , dotted the borders of the bed .
there , behind one of the shrubs , she had found a hole in the wall just big enough for her to squeeze through .
the path that led down from the castle was a long and winding one , the narrow road lined by windblown trees and squat shrubs .
trees , shrubs , and grass all wore the scorch marks of the dragon 's breath .
susan turned into the serpentine walk of gravel that wound around the grass field of the estate and through scattered clumps of flowering shrubs .
there are chinese plants and alpines and shrubs from the falkland islands and what about plants that come from scotland ?
suddenly , between trees , she caught sight of him pulling the dead blooms off flowering shrubs and placing them in a basket .
was it the loving way his eyes looked at the shrub ?
she strolled leisurely among the green trees and shrubs , observing the ornamental statues and wondering what they signified .
the globes that were hung on trees and shrubs briefly painted what they touched in a ghostly white , creating deep black shadows that appeared to flicker like devils in the darkness .
she spoke to the trees , to the shrubs , to the clouds , but not to safiah .
having caught sight of the two black - haired women , one of whom was now being enveloped in michaels arms , louisa darted forward with uncharacteristic alacrity , dropping her fuchsia cutting and nearly trampling a shrub in the process .
instead of taking the main road they took a quicker , more secluded route , walking beneath gigantic gum trees , around blossoming heath shrubs and along an uneven path fringed with tea tree and native mint .
outside , the vast expanse of succulent grass was gleaming after a recent rain shower , and from the ornamental stream , nestled behind a distant thicket of trees and shrubs , came the sounds of hiccupping frogs and buzzing insects .
adieu , miss norwood , he said , and with a cold , formal tip of his hat , he disappeared behind a clump of shrubs , and promptly out of sight .
scuzzy gazed down with the indifference of a tyrannosaur viewing two inedible shrubs .
perhaps this shrub was tasty after all .
shrubs and trash and rocks and little trees thrashed down the stream , scouring the banks and smashing the equipment .
many times they would simply lie for hours entwined in each others arms listening to the gurgling waters passing nearby , or to the soft voices of other young lovers seeking their own eden among the heavy shrubs and foliage growing at the edge of the river .
it was covered with grass and small shrubs .
later that morning , fea sat under one of the stunted shrubs that dotted the hillside , reading .
the clearing was bound on one side by a steep rock incline dotted with stunted shrubs then trees on up to the summit , and on the other a sheer drop into the valley floor .
the two exited through the backyard , which was overgrown with cultivated plants , both medicinal and dietary , but trudged beyond , up the rocky slope and then down into a shrub - covered ravine .
bodies were strewn about , some lying in the road , others among shrubs and tender sprouts of fall grass .
soon they reached a slight hollow in the rock , sheltered from the wind by a cluster of shrubs .
in english gardens they 're at ground level and lined with shrubs . ''
as they pushed through the low shrubs leading toward the sugarworks , he raised his hand and absently touched the three clan marks down his cheek , their shallow furrows reminding him once again of his people .
the firmer lands flourished with trees and plants , whether in the form of forests of beech and pine trees or rolling pastures speckled with shrubs of golden flowers .
scrambling over bushes and shrubs , they covered half the distance , keeping an eye on the balloon , as it seemed to hover like it would change course again .
he cut around small trees , bushes and shrubs , losing his footing here and there and starting small rockslides when he fell on his side and scraped his arms and legs .
the light from the flames below them were dancing over the lawn and shrubs .
i was on a path screened by a thick row of bushes and overheard mr.edgeware speaking to sir john huntington on the other side of the shrubs .
i looked for things to do at home , replanting flowerbeds , cropping leaves and branches from shrubs and willows , and even changed some of the rose bushes .
security cameras discreetly placed among trees and flowering shrubs , ensured the safety of the hotel guests .
taking a deep breath , she moved forward through the shrubs and denser bushes , daisy padding protectively at her side .
she seemed to love being outdoors and she exclaimed at practically every flower and shrub .
i 'd sure hate to wake up some morning to find a neighbor 's billy goat chomping the shrubs on my patio .
circling lower , pike paused behind a copse of small shrubs , scraping from a rock sitting there a handful of wet brownish moss , slicing it fine before storing it within a small bag in his pack .
we rounded a gentle bend and the trees thinned out until all that was left was a neat lawn and some low shrubs clipped into the shape of inverted drips .
the countryside around was battered and destroyed , the trees and shrubs blown apart by the constant shelling .
the mountain sides were sheer with a few shrubs hanging precariously to the odd narrow ledge .
it was a two room adobe hut , which hosted the thorny shrub as a welcome mat and they all felt lucky to have found it .
the land , though barren for distances beyond his counting , had continued to roll like waves on the ocean and the shrubs were dots of sea foam .
standing like a badly planted shrub on the beach , katsuhiro reacted to nakamura 's taunting as if he had actually stepped on the procreating couple and moved a couple of paces to his left .
i kept to the shrubs and saw him put her in stolfords coach then take up the reins .
she could n't see it from the street ; the entire grounds were guarded by strategically planted trees and shrubs that created a sort of fortress around the institution .
the driveway was long and both sides were dressed with cedar shrubs that stood nearly nine feet high and had been carefully groomed into a well - shaped border for the stately drive .
with the exception of a small patch of grass and a few shrubs , the yard was ungroomed and intended for work , dirt and dust providing most of the landscaping materials .
it was fully covered by shrubs and vines , as if it had been concealed on purpose .
checking to make sure she was alone , tatum quickly worked her way over to the entrance , taking care to ensure she left the shrubs and vines undisturbed .
she moved the shrubs and vines that concealed the undisclosed doorway with extreme care and exposed the fob reader she had discovered previously .
confident no one was watching , two orderlies exited the secret doorway , taking tender care to ensure all of the shrubs and vines used for protection of their secret remained intact .
as she had done before , she carefully pushed the vines and shrubs aside and revealed the fob reader that had previously denied her access .
he ran toward the road and crouched under a shrub .
the bright colours of their clothing complimented the deep red , purple , and golden hues of the well - manicured flowers and shrubs .
in front of a thick green shrub and two peach trees ripe with fruit , richard spotted anne sitting alone in a distant corner reading a letter .
her pale green dress camouflaged her against the shrub .
she peered into the darkness , seeing only the familiar shape of the house , stable , trees and shrubs .
in a group of ornamental shrubs they found a good space to observe from .
in the courtyard outside she saw a grotto with rose trellises , scented lavender shrubs , and a cherub water fountain spitting in an arc in the air .
it was dark by the time she saw the old house waiting stoically along the road , more hidden behind oaks and shrubs than other homes in the neighborhood .
they saw the rose trellises , a border of honeysuckle shrubs , delphiniums , and sweet williams , a splattering of pastels like a monet garden painting with pinks , blues , white , and dashes of yellow and lavender .
hempel gestured toward a stone bench behind some shrubs near the parking lot .
the mountains are a great cathedral of hardwood trees like sugar maples and shrubs like hydrangeas , wildflowers , and too many species of birds and wild animals to count .
somewhere in the yard a katydid chirruped its shrill , solitary song , and farther away , in the band of tall shrubs that bordered the road , a mockingbird demonstrated its repertoire .
candle showed min along the lines of seedlingstrees , shrubs , and flowers being propagated to fill the garden in spring .
four of the eight smoked ; one a pipe , two cigarettes from england , and one a cigarette made from cubeb , a berry from a shrub that was dried and used in place of tobacco throughout india .
after he was greeted by her parents matilda quickly took his arm and led him outside into a garden of flowers and various shrubs .
galeren released his grip and they rolled over each other several times and came crashing through the trees and shrubs at the bottom of it .
some two dozen federal soldiers were now on this side of the river , hunkered low in the shrubs .
at that elevation the vegetation grudgingly gave way to arctic shrubs , and , sometimes , snow - capped peaks .
luke 's shins collided with some shrubs .
she looked straight ahead , gliding around trees and over shrubs .
a low rumbling growl answered him from a patch of shrubs on the opposite side of the road .
when i walked home on those chilly fall evenings after the sunhad tucked in , it hid in the shrubs .
scotch broom : 3.0 - z plant - zz catch hell a shrub .
plants scotch broom a shrub .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
behind the sandy little hills though , the scene reminded me of pictures of the desert , with bone - white sand running off into the distance , hot air rising in shimmering waves off the asphalt , and most of the greenery relegated to short , twisted shrubs that looked as if they had nt seen rain in a year .
the same plant , poison ivy , also grew as a shrub underfoot .
tall shrubs gone wild hid one side , their spindly branches casting writhing shadows against the burnt orange surface behind them .
there were sparse trees on the lower slopes and feeble shrubs above them , and then the bare hideous rock rose spectral into the sky , to mix with frost and ice and eternal snow .
thereafter she scrambled up alone ; first through the forest with its ruins of old villages in overgrown clearings , and then over the tough grass where anaemic shrubs grew here and there .
she found it best not to look around , and kept on climbing and climbing till the shrubs became very sparse and there was often nothing but the tough grass to cling to .
all around were crumbling walls and broken columns , and the pavement on which she lay was pierced by straggling grass and wrenched asunder by frequent shrubs and roots .
how often was he appalled by some shrub covered with snow , which , like a sheeted spectre , beset his very path !
arches and trellises supported numerous weaving vines , while ornamental trees , shrubs , and flowers infringed upon the borders of the gardens intermingled walkways .
truthfully , she was nt watching where she was walking , instead distracted by a rustling which came from a cluster of shrubs a little ways off the path .
green shrubs , dwarf trees and gentle , white flowers ran the edge of the driveway and covered most of the front yard .
jimmy looked past her to see a tiny white honda parked alongside the shrubs that lined his long , gravel driveway .
the roads imperfectionsthe patchwork pavement , the shrubs and weeds poking through the sidewalk stones , all loomed bolder and bigger in the half - dark .
while the only major growth on them appeared to be grass and weeds , and willow - like shrubs , right on top of that the forest grew .
something gleamed white and bony from beneath a shrub covered in flowers .
there , said nibbles , pointing to the shrubs along the east side of the yard .
he saw weird and wonderful blossoms , some tiny as a pinhead and others shrub - size .
just as he stepped onto a small shrub next to the rock that had attempted to encroach upon his well - maintained trail , one of the great smoky beasts let out its great roar as it rambled by .
as the stump was nt going anywhere , he stowed his gear in a shrub out of anyones way .
before the boy could ask , the old man stooped , shoved his armored hands into a stout shrub and ripped it up with its roots out of the earth and rocks .
john laughed and continued chucking shrubs away from a broadening patch of ground .
the animals grazed in the shrubs .
as they ran , at least two dozen more rounds rallied into the bushes and shrubs behind them but a few daunting seconds later they were finally out of the firing line and flat up against the westside gable .
shrubs and palms close off the eaves , shadows everywhere .
* * * veiled in the thick of a forest , a deep cave was well concealed by an overgrowth of vines and shrubs .
they hid their bikes behind some overgrown shrubs and went in through their secret spot in the fence and walked towards the covered area .
as i stumbled , i caught my foot on a small shrub and fell , screaming .
a woman , several days into the infection , ran through a row of shrubs lining the sidewalk and charged the truck .
hearing grunts and klutzy footfalls , he ducked into the concealment of shrubs .
i d even seen them eat shrubs and berries , though it did nt seem to satisfy them any more than eating large amounts of meat .
although i could see the occasional small shrub or plant sprouting here and there i was amazed when , to my right , i saw an enormous tree not thirty yards away .
she did nt notice that max had slipped into the reception hall behind some other guests and had planted himself behind an artificial shrub in the corner .
the dirt path appeared unannounced between the shrubs and the overhanging trees , which shielded away the moonlight from its rutted surface .
but as he peaked through the shrubs that him and anton hid behind , he saw that they bore three captured humans .
nestled in the base of a dry channel surrounded by a thick throng of trees , the entrance was covered with a canopy of shrubs , which they had to push through .
he plowed into the shrubs , through which he had to pass to reach the entrance .
the place he had entered the clearing from was now a mass of intertwined vines and branches , shrubs and saplings so thick he could nt step through .
the air held hostage , the ground covered with a multitude of shrubs and other brush , growing in clustered humps of black and deeper black .
this time it seemed to be oozing out of the treeline and shrubs .
then there are the drivers that pull into lay - bys or the groundsmen that cut the grass and trim the shrubs '' .
he was pointing at the grave of a person , on which was resting many shrub 's and small elastic ropes .
she kicked petulantly at the small flowers and shrubs as she passed them .
the shrubs that covered the back were so bad that she kept her door closed to keep rats , stray cats and dogs from entering her home due to the trash cans that sat outside .
he walked across the alley , into the dense shrub and stood by the stage coach .
then one day the rains took a break and let the moon come out to brighten up all the shrubs and stones on the way .
manju had a tough time making her way through the shrubs and trees .
from behind a nearby shrub , morrigan saw them going into what looked like a cave .
all of them were covered with blooms fifteen or twenty , at least but the church shrubs only had three or four tightly closed buds on each rose tree , the rest were the pods with a few wilted petals hanging sadly to the side , which the gardener was snipping off .
he squatted and scooped up the dead blossoms out of the dirt bowls around the shrubs and tossed them into a plastic trashcan that stood on the path .
the other petals moved slightly in the dirt beneath the shrubs , even though i could nt feel the breeze that was shifting them around .
the front yard was surrounded by shrubs that were taller than i am .
spotting a trail that ran into some tall shrubs and trees , he whispered , what the hell is going on out here ?
josey stepped off the path , continuing toward the sounds while trying to stay under the cover of the shrubs and bushes .
it flew several feet before landing in the yard and ran into some shrubs .
i kept the raft hidden here , covered by shrubs and branches . ''
i stepped around the boxes from dads little home office at the townhouse and went across the room to the windows where the garden trees and shrubs fluttered in the breeze .
there was more green here , with more shrubs and larger trees , but other than that they were very much alike .
we 're in the middle of a thicket , lots of natural shrubs and bushes .
it had an ominous , almost sinister sound , but what it conjured up in the mind were not tangles of shrubs and trees so thick they had to fight for sunspace ; it called up pictures of sand dunes shifting away endlessly , or gray slate expanses of hardpan and desert .
richie 's transistor was hung by the strap in its accustomed place , on the thick branch of a nearby shrub .
soon ben and beverly were just two shirts seen through a tangle of shrubs and bushes .
bill and eddie were at the head of the line , their shoulders brushing the broad green leaves of the shrubs , the others behind them .
the woods were almost smug with life ; the railway itself was a slowly closing lane between the encroaching trees , shrubs , and ubiquitous ivy ( poison ivy , i bet , jack thought , scratching unconsciously at the bites on his hands ) , with the faded blue sky an almost matching lane overhead .
he stepped off the tracks , detoured around one of those strange - looking trees ( this one not even shrub - high ) , and headed for the road .
ruth fell forward into a tangle of shrubs .
it was six feet wide , shallow , but brawling right along , carrying pine needles , loamy black topsoil , and small shrubs away .
eventually they found a tire store with a large but unlit back parking lot , and a row of trees and shrubs lining a tall brick wall .
there was n't any kindling for stephanie , so she snapped off the branches of some shrubs and stripped them of leaves .
when she was almost at the big wooden door to the garage , granny hilda came out of the house and began looking everywhere behind shrubs and trees and garbage cans .
granny looked shocked when she examined those headless flowers and the shrub with all the branches broken off it .
how had two of her father 's most valuable pots arrived underneath a shrub along with the skull of a beaver ?
ca nt anyone say , though , because the house is at least an eighth mile back off the road , surrounded by trees and shrubs .
mary june made the final turn onto the long entry road leading up to the dilapidated old farm house partially concealed by overgrown shrubs and trees .
foster snuck around the garden , peering in and around the shrubs .
as he rounded the corner , he caught a glimpse of the white skirt disappearing behind another row of shrubs .
yes he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me i am his own iii foster crouched behind a shrub in the middle of the night .
when she reached the shrub where foster was hiding , he sprang out into the pathway to confront her .
foster ran around the garden , dodging in and out of the shrubs , looking for her .
chain saws bit into trees and shredders chewed up branches of shrubs .
some of the front gardens were beautifully maintained , full of flowers and shrubs and manicured lawns , some were just tidy , some were vegetable plots and some were jungles .
they tore through a low wall of shrubs separating the drive thru lane from the road .
the arroyo bed and banks were also thick with shrubs and bushes .
'' it is said that dogs came from those bushes , '' he indicates the shrubs in the king 's manor garden , '' to lick at the pulp and gnaw on his bones several minutes before he died . ''
he leaps over a wall and lands in a small , vicious shrub which scratches his shins , carves up his calves and pricks at his ...
landscapes of sprawling design , highlighted by ornamental flowers and shrubs , traced the street edge .
he leaps over a low shrub -- barely .
sfx - seth lands in shrubs sfx - running sfx - seths car peeling off the beautiful charlotte enters the living room .
father cormac was in his dressing gown pruning the shrubs in his garden ( a weekly activity he immensely enjoyed ) when dexters land rover entered the mission compound and pulled up on his verge .
the boy , whom victor had nearly flattened at the gates of the mission compound on their somewhat hasty departure , ran to the garden fence of the priest who was about to restart pruning his shrubs .
just five minutes to prune his shrubs in peace !
we sprinted around the eighteenth green with karim shouting at us to stop before he joined in the footrace , keeping to the row of shrubs on the left as a foursome prepared to hit their approach shots .
gibbs decided to park somewhere in the forest where all the effing shrubs are everywhere .
he was in a beautifully manicured rooftop garden , little shrubs arranged in neat lines around quaint patches of lawn .
i made it to keep the damn crows off the shrubs , but i ve caught me a muscle man !
montana stepped towards the large balcony of the suite , filled with a large ficus shrub .
built from red brick , terracotta and timber framing , they are set well back from the main road , their fronts hidden by shrubs and trees flourishing in the spacious front gardens .
piper retrieves a steel folding chair from behind a shrub and smashes it over the head of the other mosquito man .
the way to think of it is that the bike and trombone became a kite which is pretty hard to correct for , and i crashed a couple of times into shrubs and signs , but no cactus patches , luckily , although i had few close calls .
the jar holds dragons blood , the dried and crushed leaves of the dracaena shrub .
all saw , whatever it was , streak across the road and disappear into some shrubs on the other side .
he made his way for mr . rakes yard , periodically scanning his surroundings , before moving on to the next shrub or tree trunk .
charles leapt from the remains of his fort and high stepped it to the nearest shrub .
from behind his shrub camouflage , charles peered out at the coverless beach .
he knew he could nt hide behind the shrub for long .
on the backside of the hill the paths were dark and the shrubs overgrown .
they found a clearing walled in by dense , thorny shrubs and shaped like a c. in the middle was a park bench .
they were aware of several people following them , both adults and children , all trying to hide behind border hedges and ornamental shrubs and the odd piece of sculpture .
a rustling sound came from the shrubs behind them .
for most of the time i had been struggling to match my pace with her , but thankfully , i was also getting intermittent breaks when she would stop every then and now to look about a nearby flower , a shrub or a grand trunk of tree .
before i could understand what had happened around my shoes , all of them disappeared in the nearby shrubs .
there was no green grass around and nor were there any shrubs or bushes nearby .
there were countless sand - heaps emerging from the ground , over which many thorny shrubs had grown .
the first house is mr . morgan 's elaborate estate surrounded by an extravagant shrub maze .
they grow landscaping supplies for local use- flowers , shrubs , trees , a few acres of sod .
did you know there s a shrub called mountain - laurel ?
she stared at me for a long time , then began to nibble on the shrubs on the shore .
just then , a late - rising vagrant appeared from behind a bed of shrubs .
i had noted the presence of a shrub laden clumping of large boulders and exposed reef nearby the area that graham and i had unsuccessfully trolled a few days before .
since vena 's last desperate ploy to stay alive , every single plant in poolington was dead : weeds and flowers , trees and shrubs , fruits and vegetables .
in a state of paranoia , the town decided not to replant their town , opting instead to use artificial turf for grass , artificial trees to line the roads , and artificial shrubs to border their yards .
walking a few more paces , he reached out , expecting to touch some of the ornamental shrubs decorating the front .
having come into close personal contact with the two - inch thorns that covered the branches of these trees , dean thought other names to be more appropriate , such satans shrub or beelzebubs bush .
clarity noticed a shrub moving near her .
he went to nikolass house and found his father in the front yard slicing through a latticework of shrubs with an old handsaw .
then he wanted to check his territory and call at the message tree , a small ornamental cedar shrub inside the front gate .
next to the deck was a cedar shrub , twenty feet high and eight feet thick .
the shrub seemed a safe place for birds until a cooper 's hawk swooped out of the sky and snatched a sparrow off a branch .
he found the cracked case of a phone at the edge of some shrubs ; spiders had moved into it in the company of their cocoons .
she stared down the garden , over the soft , long grass , past the bright , colourful dahlias and roses , oranges , pinks and yellows , past the shrubs and the bushes , through the cruel barbed wire her sister 's boyfriend had erected on top of the fence to deter would - be burglars to the shady copse beyond , with its pale green shadows and darting dragonflies and gently winding stream and old , gnarled , moss - smothered trees .
a nearby shrub rustled .
like a tree or a hardy shrub from your shop might .
the sprawling lawn and shrubs were perfectly trimmed , large glass windows studded the exterior , and the whole place just seemed a hallmark of pristine beauty .
twenty feet away , charlie loaded the last of lisas shrubs onto the deck of his trawler .
the area around it was dirt for ten feet in every direction , after which were trees real trees , wooden ones and shrubs .
the scenery took a while to get used to : the once - green trees and shrubs that lined the streets were stale yellows and whites .
inside a lone buck deer grazed a stunted bush , the deer placid , methodic in its chewing , the leaves of the shrub on which it fed small and curled , the young fronds of a potted bramble .
any shrubs in tubs ?
the trail , bordered by small shrubs and grass where wild roses , daisies and dandelions grew abundantly , led to the left .
their talk over , they took a hike , following the trail around the rest of the peninsula and through the forest of shrubs , bushes and small trees , where they found a place to pee .
after a quick visual attendance check by their leader , the class walked en masse past the athletic fields to arrive at the natural field of high grass and shrubs where they followed a path made by innumerable feet to the edge of the pine forest .
he hauled away all the drama junk in the garage and he even planted shrubs .
what did puzzle him was scherzo , who he found face down among some shrubs , apparently hiding from several tall men in black uniforms .
dd - the working cure is nt working6 hrs in the lib and nadas my rewardi ca nt stop fussing w / himi want 2 know what s going oni can c i m a much better spy and sneak than studenthiding in shadows , sneaking through shrubs , the soft - sneakered step upon the porch gets my mind moving a lot faster than parsing disraelis contribution to the brittle - ish empirewhat is he doingi want to knowshould i e - mailshould i call ? what ? , what ? , what ? , dd chapter thirty - eight search and destroyed lex wanders cambridge for most of the day .
the tub they occupied was surrounded by dense shrubs , which provided refuge from the idle curiosity of the crowd .
the flowerbeds , shrubs , and trees were in immaculate condition , tidy , colourful and strikingly beautiful .
normally , jolly charged toward the nearest shrub as soon as i extended her access into the backyard , but the damp weather caused her to hesitate briefly this morning .
sagebrush , chamisa , and other brittle - stemmed shrubs bend upon contact and perfume the air , but otherwise the flora shows no signs of change from season to season .
there were dark shrubs on either side of the low stone building , two doors leading into bright rooms .
she 'd thrown a quick be right back , guys , over her shoulder , and disappeared into the dense patch of shrubs and scrabbly ironwood trees which filled the dip in the hills .
for ten more minutes they coasted through the area : the ambulance , two police bikes , two police cars , inspecting every movement , examining every roadside hedge or shrub , drawing a continual blank .
no , the boy will be running , hobbling , or he will be under a bush or a shrub .
she had made it through the tangle of backyard shrubs and trees and fences and swimming pools and all the way to her station or to the police or to mr . small , what was his name ? , blackburn , yes , that s it , and now there she was : safely ensconced in san francisco .
we careful our way up the soft slope , sidestepping rocks and anxious shrub , step by deliberate step approaching the soft light surrounding him that i wonder if ananda sees , too ?
her neighborhood was made up of close - packed small brick houses , and in those days it was almost a suburb , and the streetcar from downtown would come clanging up on its last run , and her father would get off of it and come home when twilight was falling and the lightning bugs had begun to spark and fade across the green - blue lawns and the shrubs and gardens were beginning to yawn back their perfumed moisture to the fading sky , and she loved him and she loved that time of night when he came home .
outside my garden apartment , the green of the shrubs and trees and the shroud of rain pouring down seemed like a separate , uncontrollable reality .
however even their attention could not remain upon the dancing girls for long , they were amazed by the splendour all around , bright , white buildings towered above them , gardens that seemed to cling to the sides of the buildings burst forth with plants and shrubs of amazing variety , winter was approaching but the flowers displayed were magnificent .
she followed the embankment for some time then veered off to the left through the area which davey knew was now overgrown with rhododendrons , shrubs and trees but chacuti rode along a wide path through well - kept gardens ; flowers of all kinds burst forth all around ; trees , fetched from all corners of the globe helped form this arboretum .
kane stomped atop the arid , dry micro - stones topped with tiny shrubs that hugged the ground , and for a while he imagined he was a gargantuan dinosaur clomping over prehistoric territory never walked by men .
he remembered standing on a small hill , speaking of the vision he and jenica had for their land and pointing to the place where they envisioned each tree and shrub .
chapter four the woodchopper from happy valley the forest of content was much more than a random grouping of bushes , shrubs , rocks and trees .
a young woman seated a few feet from the main group pointed toward the lone bench , hidden from the street by thick shrubs , where the boys mother was sucking her ice .
wheatyard 's house had slowly deteriorated and would eventually revert to prairie , its roof beams crashing to the ground , its termite - ridden wooden siding becoming one with the damp soil , its lawn and low - lying shrubs overtaken by triumphant native grasses .
she can only sit on the lawn , trying not to crush shrubs with her knees or knock gutters loose with her forehead .
solemnly , abbey dumped the contents of the blue urn over the edge of the bridgeinto a gusty breeze , which would carry the ashes toward the gray pacific ; some of the ashes floating further , perhaps , on the wings of salt air , till they reached the shoreto rest under a green shrub , to meld with shells on the dirt and sand .
raced past the bushy part , through the whispering , eerily shadowed tunnel of the bamboo patch , along the edge where the road was falling into the river , skid on some gravel , stop , grab side , pant - pant - pant , off again , do nt look back , run , run , come on feet , swing on to my street , do nt stop now , past manicured verges and shapely shrubs , arrive at last , pause , open gate , skate to a stop at own front door , drop keys twice , open the damn thing , slam it shut , double - bolt those beautiful locks .
it would be good to have flowers , trees , and shrubs growing along the new stream .
devoid of any shrubs , trees , bushes or plants the slanted disc was a soft carpet of emerald grass .
people sometimes dump old cars near the creek where there s lots more shrub to hide them in .
it was really deep and overgrown with trees and shrubs , most of which had fruit on them .
standing next to a row of shrubs the angry homeowner identified no less than seven , rather bulky deposits frozen solid in the snow .
joanna sees betrayal in every shadow in every shrub she sees disappointment she does not like this beautiful place after all does not feel so at home after all .
she remembers and the memory eclipses the words on the page and she finds that her gaze has wandered across the room wandered to the window where just outside in the shrub is a little brown bird bobbing and blinking and hopping from branch to branch .
in spite of this , this strange , aromatic entity moved sure - footedly over the fields , between the tree branches and shrubs of the surrounding wood , over rocks and through cool waters of narrow streams , until suddenly , before i knew it , i could see vaguely , through the night fog , the lights of the laborers settlement coming up on the horizon .
my shrubs are looking ragged , weeds are taking over and my lawn 's overgrown .
chapter five : altar of altered the shrubs surrounding the shed , a rustic white colonial house , were perfect rectangles .
having a smoke on the screened in porch , i observe crows flocking around the next door neighbors bird feeder posted over their shrubs .
actually , if you do nt mind , i could use some help moving a shrub .
fortunately , being so dry it did nt stick , but eddied and bunched in the clefts of rocks and the lee of shrubs .
the mountains are not very high and steep and are heavily clad with green trees and shrubs .
in the way that the corners of her mouth pulled back and the fingers of one white wizened palm were curled upward , she resembled a hibernating lizard that you might find at the base of a shrub if you were shoveling desert dirt in midwinter .
churches far on the east side of town caught the picaresque desert feel and were striking on early easter sunday mornings when shrubs and smaller cacti might be blooming .
how many sundays did i stare out at those southern planters , filled with black earth and stunted shrubs , which stayed perpetually wet in the shaded nook ?
she finished by dropping her pointer finger and clutching the cloth purse to her belly and the shrub , or tree , embroidered on it , covered with its fake coins , jingled an assenting chorus of yes , yes , certainly yes .
even the shrubs were ground - hugging with thick , leathery leaves that sometimes curled at the margins to help reduce the physical abuse and dehydrating effects of the mountain winds .
it was as if there was a metallic patina over the world and even the trees and shrubs stood in an organised relationship with each other , respecting the spaces in between .
we do nt consider that the boy who just delivered the newspaper by throwing it up onto the top of a shrub will come back the next day and aim for another spot just as inconvenient .
she sighed , giving final validation for the clerk , although he had no idea she was saying it to the shrubs beside the utility box .
around her : there was movement on the street ; along the sidewalk was the wind waved parts of shrubs and weeds in a bed made for flowers ; and there was an indecipherable sign - language from the handless , fingered arms of differing trees .
then he sat still and looked out of the bow - window on the lawn and shrubs covered with hoar - frost .
and it had gone with some force over the immediate shrubs , and had lodged itself in some branches half - way down the knoll .
screaming out for trees or bushes or shrubs or anything vertical that is nt a guard tower .
harris made his way through the shrubs and weeds to find jack standing there .
at the end of the yard where the grass ended , there was a small creek hidden by a thicket of shrubs .
behind the thicket of shrubs , she saw nik , izzy and cameron .
the first snow had come two days ago , leaving a dingy off - white coat on shrubs and tramped down prairie grass .
overgrown shrubs fleeced with snow covered the picture window .
joe was trimming the shrubs with power clippers .
i wanted the spooling out of threads of light color over the environment and the deep dense jungle or thicket of cacti , trees , bushes , shrubs , that tore at the cowboys chaps .
they separated from the earth with a thunderous roar , as the soil grasping them gave way , as trees and shrubs hugging them were stripped away .
when her canoe was loaded , kimberley pushed into pine lake without at look back , and within ten minutes had disappeared up the portage trail , the entrance barely visible among the shore shrubs in the late afternoon sunlight .
his parents worked on the argenti estate , the richest in the fertile plain of hios ( chios ) known as the kamvo , famous for its mastiha , a shrub whose sap produced a chewing gum produced mainly for the harem market .
to his left a vast mbuga , a chaos of trees , shrubs and grasses .
i slipped along the bank , pushing my way through the shrubs and clumps of fern that intruded on the narrow pathway .
the shoulder gave way , and suddenly the van was plunging down an embankment , shrubs and undergrowth rushing by .
willow took in the broken spanish tiles on the roof , the overgrown shrubs , the stucco walls that were cracked and mildewing from the ground up .
standing on small lots to either side , the houses were covered in white wood siding and green - painted eaves and rows of tiny shrubs across the front , every house identical .
the dusty road , that separated the tea shrubs from the marsh , branched out into the small villages of the rajbonshi peasants and paddy fields and winded through the forest toward siliguri town .
i can still taste the warm bitterness of it , like liquid shrubs .
iliff continued to marvel over the trees , their expansive height and reach , while troll seemed more intrigued by the low shrubs that tickled past his legs .
a gangly tree presided over the swell of sedge and boggy shrub .
on his left , starting only a few feet from the edge of the road fill , was dense dead looking shrubs running off in all directions .
it was a couple hundred yards to dans left flying over the thick brush low enough to make the tops of the shrubs sway in its rotor wash . he s trying to draw fire from charlie if he s laying up in the brush field .
right behind you , neil said , tossing his butt into the sprawling shrub as well .
hillsides outside was drab cement beams and discolored walls , windows with opaque glass , a tiny outdoor walkway lined by scruffy shrubs .
everything they saw , every rock and shrub , was like a rare treasure .
now he was close enough to the ground to see antelope grazing on shrubs along state road 20 toward riverton .
the thrower could have hidden behind any number of shrubs or garden features .
after clearing the shrubs and bushes before them one of the scenic interludes intended to break up the austerity of all this outspread tarmac they were stood at the kerb that stopped the apron of grey from spilling out in this direction .
he tapped his ipod , chose jimmy eat worlds the middle , inserted the ear buds and picked up pruning shears to start the job of trimming the twelve mock orange shrubs that line the driveway .
aarons aunt insisted the shrubs be trimmed in a perfect ball above their four - foot trunks and refused to accept that nature did not exactly intend this shape .
she was never satisfied with aarons attempts at sculpting the shrubs .
shaking her head , ronnie studied the shrubs .
the grounds were crowded with large trees and shrubs and it was fairly dark by now .
the view of the church hall was obstructed by branches of a large oak at the corner of frankes front yard and large evergreen shrubs near the sidewalk in front of the church property .
* * * sergeant de la pea guided the camaro gently up the shrub - lined driveway and stopped in front of the garage .
climbing the rungs so that his hand was at a height of just about eight feet , the officer looked down into the shrub and saw a handgun wedged between two branches at the trunk .
there were only four houses on the street on fairly large lots with quite a few trees and large shrubs .
they ran from the room , down a concrete staircase to the parking lot and moved to a position about sixty yards from the back of the bungalow , sheltered from view by a half dozen large shrubs .
he had about twelve crayons scattered before him and was busily filling in the black outline of a shrub in the foreground of a picture showing two soldiers running through a jungle .
he was using a magenta crayon to color the shrub .
there were no trees , bushes , grass or shrubs .
dusty fuel pumps stood amidst years of dumped trash , overgrown weeds and shrubs .
i made a noisy exit from the gas station 's shrubs .
it was still light outside and the flowers and shrubs visible through the patio door were not yet showing any sign of neglect .
it was nt hard to picture how attractive it could be here when the flowers and the shrubs were in bloom .
len picked a red rose randomly from the flowering shrub and stuffed it in my hair like a decoration .
jake and abby walked along the brick circular driveway to a sidewalk framed in low shrubs .
` ` i need you to cut the grass around the house and winery , prune the shrubs , and tend the flower beds .
regularly spaced trees and shrubs and on either side were majestic porticoes inlaid with decorative friezes , an unusual feature in mesopotamian temples .
there was a shadow that night , just behind the shrub by the front entrance to the hospital , and it moved when i trudged along the sidewalk , sobbing my heart out .
planting of trees and shrubs will be finished sunday .
there , sprawled on the lawn close to the manicured shrubs , lay a woman , her contorted body lying face down .
interspersed between them and the manicured shrubs grew a cluster of fall mums .
a large shade tree , bordered with azaleas , rhododendrons , and camellias , would look spectacular when the shrubs bloomed in the spring .
the oyster - shell driveway wound past burlap - wrapped shrubs and a wooden rowboat made into a planter to the rear of the house , where a gabled porch roof was supported by inclined two - bys .
i could smell the freshly trimmed shrubs .
i glanced round at the neighbouring houses with their narrow gardens and abundance of shrubs and roses .
take the blankets and cover the shrubs , okay ?
by the immaculate look of his yard , the very teutonic precision of the clipped shrubs , i figured he spent a lot of time outside , maybe knew what went on in the neighborhood , and surely had some opinions about it .
i walked down , smiled , and asked him about a shrub in his front yard .
i knew what the shrub was , but i ve found that if you ask people questions about something they are familiar with or responsible for , they loosen up and probably start talking about other stuff as well .
starting with the multi - level decks , we cleaned around the house perimeter and the flower beds before we moved on to the yard , surrounding shrubs , and trees , where i pruned dead branches while they raked and hauled tarps full of debris to the trailer .
scruffy shrubs poked in and around the junk box clem called home .
gone were the grass and shrubs .
i showed carina 's note and a gatekeeper let me through and directed me to the front door of the house , a spacious , three - story structure twenty yards away , in the middle of an artificial landscape full of trees , shrubs , rocks and flowers .
the man might be hiding under a shrub right now , and precious was next to useless .
the bulbs , the seeds , the perennials , the biennials , the hardy shrubs , the half - hardy shrubs and the fern she knew all of them .
the bulbs , the seeds , the perennials , the biennials , the hardy shrubs , the half - hardy shrubs and the fern she knew all of them .
once hidden again by trees and shrubs they quickly and covertly made their way to the far side of the garage .
others prefer to hide in evergreens like this , or even shrubs .
she also told me an officer was nailing plywood over the broken basement window behind the shrub at the back of my house .
all of the flowers and roses and shrubs were weeded and bunched together in attractive beds that had clearly been planned by someone with an eye for design .
now we have grass in the bushes , what i call bushes , but they re flowering , so they are some kind of shrub .
she is being dragged over the deadened hard ground , quickly passing large trees and shrubs , while nicholas is being dragged by a burly vampire right behind her .
stands of white pine and hardwood backed each site and smaller understory trees and shrubs bordered the sides , giving the sites more privacy than most campgrounds .
the sun was just beginning to filter gold through some of the understory trees and shrubs .
trees and shrubs of all sizes , improbably growing out of the rocks , combined with the steep walls to create a welcoming shady retreat from the overheated promise of the day .
the bobbing and twirling leaves of the shrubs and trees provided the capping idyllic element .
a large thicket of shrubs and trees separated their campsite from the next .
they threaded their way around fallen trees and thickets of brambly - looking shrubs .
they stopped near a group of shrubs , and marner said , ` ` get behind there . ''
frannies brain scoffed at his futility until she realized the shrubs hid a small cave opening .
tall grass grew everywhere hiding the otherwise muddy ground and in between the grass clumps were clusters of small flowering shrubs , all of it spreading back into the enclosing loblolly pine trees .
vaguely spanish , with arched windows and red tile roofs , they rose behind the elephant ears , spanish bayonets , and hibiscus shrubs that surrounded them like parts of the landscape .
grass was as tall as the shrubs surrounding the path .
the landscape consists of tall dark green oaks , light green maples , yellow pines , and red cedar trees , short stubby light and dark green shrubs , hundreds of colorful wild red roses , blue azaleas , orange camellias , yellow daisies , pink petunias , and other flowers .
i let myself in through the gate set inside the tall shrubs , and found a jungle of weeds .
i pressed myself against the brick wall between the shrubs outside just like somebody trying to hide from a suspicious neighbor .
pressed between the black - plastic edging around the shrubs and the wall i found a business card .
somebody passing this way between the shrubs and the wall of the house had dropped it .
many of the maggots had already formed pupas on shrubs nearby .
i see a sign that promises to reclaim land for tree and shrub planting which makes me very happy and would have raffles smiling if he were still here .
couch - grass pushed through the gravel of the drive and the only plants were hardy shrubs that were capable of looking after themselves .
this one had benefit of a few shrubs .
i pictured the heavily overgrown shrubs that bordered the drive .
leaves and debris had been raked from the rock landscaping around the shrubs .
they found a nine millimeter casing under some shrubs near the murder scene .
she turned slightly and glanced over the front yard , taking in the shrubs near the door and the ivy hanging thick around the porch .
we edged our way through her front yard , each shrub getting a minute or two under the shower .
the underbrush was thick with wildflowers and shrubs .
he also seemed to know most of the trees and even the shrubs , and he could identify almost all of the bird calls we heard .
have a seat , i said , indicating a sharp boulder , as i got the camera on the tripod and snapped a couple of test shots of the nearest shrub .
if she were doing the takedown , shed get in position behind the shrubs where connelly had hidden the night before and ambush her as she returned to the building at the end of her run .
he picked at the flowers and examined the shrubs .
after about three hours of working up old shrubs and ivy that had gotten too long and brown , our mother called us in for a meal of grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup .
there is something about growing things in the middle of a busy city , like these few shrubs and plants , that affect us .
all around them was green : grass , shrubs , trees .
one of those damned peacocks strutted out from behind an ornamental shrub , and uncle clarence watched it as it wandered toward him .
trees and shrubs cast their shadows .
manda could see that flagstone paths wound through beds of riotously blooming flowers , shrubs and trees .
cheerful elves peeked from beneath shrubs and clusters of flowers .
mounds of flowers were everywhere as were shrubs and trees .
* * * lunch time friday , i spent at a nursery , watching the bumper of my pickup sag closer to the ground as an assortment of shrubs and flowering plants were loaded into the bed .
the machine flew ahead past the gateway , the engine whined loudly amid the noise of cracking branches as the cycle mowed through the willow shrubs , followed by a loud splash and silence .
this was one of the best houses in the village , surrounded by lawns and wide beds , in which exotic flowers grew in tasteful arrangements against a backdrop of perfectly trimmed shrubs .
well never get those shrubs in at this rate .
harry was grumpy he preferred to plant shrubs in cool , damp weather .
not a single tree or large shrub grew near aprils yard .
in its heyday the park had consisted of over 300 hectares of designed landscape and many famous names in the world of horticultural history had worked on its trees and shrubs , on its lawns and borders , including charles bridgeman and moses cook , george london and humphrey repton .
he thought that perhaps he might use their own natural instincts to chase them away , after he read on the internet that the essence of cougar urine was sometimes sprinkled on shrubs and flowers to keep dogs from urinating on them .
the wheat finally gave way to shrubs in bad need of water .
western hill was landscaped to the nth degree , with flowers , shrubs , and grass that looked clipped with a level .
the shrubs would need to be trimmed too .
up ahead , i saw a line of shrubs and over that , a little bit in the distance , i could make out a gray - blue mansard roof .
we jogged across i - drive and then started bushwhacking through a thicket of tall shrubs and oak trees .
the staff had landed in the low shrubs around my front porch .
the glass doors covered the entire wall , through which we could see the landscaped yard with its perfectly sculpted shrubs and blooming magnolias .
` ` i 'll help you change that , '' jett whispered , and led me out of the restaurant and down the path of trees , shrubs , and bushes to the beach .
blomkvist followed the shoreline to the southeast , but the way was so interrupted by ravines and so grown over with juniper shrubs that it was all but impassable .
the dish towel he 'd jammed onto the shoulder wound helped , but the steady brush of limbs and shrubs was doing damage .
everywhere she could see brilliantly colored roses set against the thick verdant shrubs .
` ` rage is a terrible thing , '' he added , crossing the lawn , but not before snagging a dark tee draped over a shrub .
we mostly have overgrown shrubs at my apartment complex .
this was a place with snowblowers and riding lawnmowers and potted shrubs and white fences .
i had just rounded one of the bigger shrubs i 'd seen in the ravine when i tripped over something .
jesse tilted his head toward the big shrub .
that last inch of vinyl fence was an expense that no one wanted to pay , since it was covered by tall shrubs and trees .
we pull into a beverly hills gated community , passing gargantuan estates worth tens of millions of dollars , rolling expanses of green grass and sculpted shrubs and wide curving driveways .
i brought her around to the back and we walked down the fence , around joshua trees , cacti and wild shrubs and heaps of scrap metal that did n't quite make it inside the bone yard .
there were flotation devices scattered around , oxygen masks hanging off of shrubs .
inside was a brochure spread of flagstone paths , landscaped shrubs , illuminated accent pools .
photographers stepped out of the shrubs and were taking pictures of me as i started to cry .
we were passing through a beautiful town in pennsylvania , rushing by farmhouses and stately white homes with impeccably trimmed green lawns and shrubs .
i was surprised , considering all of this and the fact that each cabin had a goodly amount of space around it with trees and shrubs providing more privacy , more quiet , that the cabins were n't booked solid .
i negotiated the gravel under my feet with some difficulty in my high - heeled wedges and found him around the side , bent to a border of rocks that edged some attractive , clipped shrubs .
the shrubs and grass in front of it now covered in snow and large tufts of snow covered the four , large urns , two at the top of the steps , two at the bottom that he had vaguely noticed were filled with healthy flowers in the summer months .
he mows their lawn and trims their shrubs in the summer .
we came up to a cluster of weeds and shrubs and the flash of reflective lights drew my eye .
i gape at the brutally trimmed shrubs and the fruit - bearing trees that blot my view of the open sky .
i shift my gaze from a w - shaped shrub to lizzy 's face .
a few more steps , and i can see the shrubs are tall - easily taller than six feet - and in the warm breeze , their little leaves dance .
when kenny finally did step onto the sidewalk , evan saw him from behind a huge potted shrub next to a fire hydrant .
kenny turned and caught a glimpse of him next to the shrub .
you should n't be hiding behind a shrub . ''
when treston saw them , he wanted to hide behind a shrub not far from where he was resting , dig a deep hole , and cover himself with the dirt .
according to bill , if there was a dark section in a park surrounded by shrubs and trees , there were always men looking for other men .
a well maintained shrub and flower garden filled with azalea and potentilla bushes , blue lobelia , red impatiens , purple and white petunias , red astilbes , and several other annuals anne could nt name followed the sidewalk that led to the front door of the red brick building from the smaller parking lot .
marina semi shut her eyes , trying to center the image , but she could nt visualize any better ; the shrubs and trees of the garden , combined with the distance between them , did nt facilitate the task .
as they walked out of the side door of the lobby , they entered a maze of twisting pathways leading off in several directions through formal gardens with manicured lawns , large white marble statues , and animal shaped topiary shrubs .
she dumped the tepid coffee and walked along the pathway until she found a secluded cement bench surrounded by tall flowering oleander shrubs .
a few minutes later , david found her crouched to one side of the front gate behind a thorny shrub and cautiously peering out at the abandoned side street .
the storm had left a thin blanket of white over the newly planted trees and the shrubs that surrounded the house .
her octogenarian neighbor was up on her tiptoes , doing her best to peer over the five - foot high boxwood shrub that edged erins porchand failing .
her head and shoulders showed high above the flat top of the shrub .
in recent years , she reflected with only a trace of regret , professional gardeners tended to the trees and bushes and shrubs and flowers .
oh , i m sure you can , little shrub .
i crawl quickly and hurl myself over shrubs at the cabins side just as the door thrashes open .
the plane flew over a much larger island , with an orange gravel airstrip that stood out against the white limestone and grey - green shrubs .
even in winter , the arboretum had an assortment of seasonal flowers and ornamental shrubs .
instinctively , i crouched behind a snow - covered shrub to watch them .
spring they bloomed , summer the shrubs held their green leafs .
i followed the flowing waterways that wound through the massive flowers and shrubs .
nikolas flashed one last grin at me before charging the poor unsuspecting shrub and sliced its head clean from its body .
the rain was still pounding along with my heart as we rounded the shrubs and the doorway to the castle garden came into view .
luxury homes hid behind iron gates and tall shrubs .
she turned back , looking past the trees , trying to pierce the filtered light through the dense shrubs .
the long grass brushed alongside the car , small shrubs scratching at the underside .
they reached a path that led through the low secondary growth of small softwood trees and shrubs .
the shrubs disappeared and were replaced with giant ferns and rope - like plants simon called lianas .
they passed under banana trees planted among straggling manioc shrubs .
in the coffee fields , jc found a group of women clearing shrubs and small trees that crowded in toward the plantation .
beya was the shorter one and sat down while yange stood , investigating the shrubs for edible fruits or berries .
jc joined him , imitating chimp sounds , and tearing leaves off the shrubs .
beya and yange arrived with torches , running past her and setting the shrubs behind her on fire .
she did n't care that rocks bruised her feet through the soft soles of her shoes or that shrubs tore her arms .
where once were empty stretches of soil , there were now small bushes and larger shrubs .
joe and myra planted shrubs in the holes .
the shrubs were thriving and the driveway ruts were now reestablished five feet closer to myra and joes house .
she pushed it open and moved cautiously down a long aisle of tall shrubs , eventually spilling out into a fragrant and lush garden .
he spared her from uttering some nonsense in a voice that she was sure would betray her inner turmoil by walking to a nearby shrub and tenderly placing the ladybug that was circling the nail of his thumb on a branch .
after some time , michael took to pointing out trees , shrubs and flowers with his free hand , telling her their names and an interesting tit - bit of information about each .
stepping over copses and averting entanglement in various prickled shrubs , he ambled aimlessly until a feminine voice was heard in the distance .
he had crouched in a clustering of tall shrubs and afforded himself a closer view .
gabriel noticed that each lawn they passed had been mowed , flower beds were meticulously upheld , and shrub shapes were maintained .
without warning , yoshi materialized from behind a shrub of the neighboring property .
she shook her head , but stared out the side window at the blur of trees and shrubs .
i know its dark , and there are so many trees and shrubs and boulders .
she stood and shoved tristan over the edge of the shrubs .
small wild shrubs dotted the rough landscape , and she could well imagine deer wandering through in the pre - dawn dimness , or jackrabbits bounding out of the way of a marauding coyote .
an old lady with a straw hat and a middle - aged man with a beard peeked over shoulder - high shrubs , waiting to see what he would do .
the lawn was scarred with muddy trails , half the shrubs were broken , and it looked as if someone had actually tipped the ash out of the garden incinerator and raked it all over the lawn .
there were smaller squares , they looked older than new yorks other places where she have been , and there was much less people on the street and highway and beautiful green trees , shrubs and grass .
when i park at the museum i 'll park right by some beautiful blossoms of flowering shrubs that show off the elegant landscaping that surrounds the museum and parking lots ( unless you 're allergic .
the broken saint by mike markel prologue from the little stand of trees and shrubs between the river and the greenpath , he gazed across the narrow river toward the municipal golf course .
he looked up as he heard the growl of a passing motorcycle , its rider oblivious to the scene in the patch of trees and shrubs not ten yards from the greenpath .
he dragged the body farther until , finally , sheltered by the gnarled cottonwoods and the shrubs , he laid her softly on the scrub brush and gravel , next to where he had placed her clothing .
ryan , harold , and robin were standing just outside the crime - scene tape that formed the perimeter of this little patch of gnarly trees , scrubby shrubs , and wild grasses .
jeeva , open patio doors , he said , and all of a sudden the clicking sound of a lock was heard and the windowed walls slid open , revealing the balcony that had two lounge chairs , a hot tub , and what looked like garden squares with growing flowers and small shrubs in them .
the light had faded , bathing the tangle of overgrown trees and shrubs in an otherworldly golden glow .
a rustling in the shrub was the only response .
inside are a big palm tree and smaller shrubs .
the corniche is made of interlocking stones bordered by a stone wall , behind which ornamental trees and shrubs flourish in the grassy area nearly two feet higher than the corniche .
icicle lights swayed from overhanging roofs , wooden reindeer statues nibbled front lawns , blow - up decorations dwarfed shrubs , and elaborate wreaths hung on doors .
in addition to louises decorations , i noticed a blow - up santas workshop with elves , a wheelbarrow full of wrapped boxes , shrubs netted in lights , and a nylon santa attached to a rope ladder hanging from one roof .
the white popped corn coated everythingthe grass , the shrubs .
the shrubs had been decorated with a few strands of christmas lights , and the parking lot , while coated in a light coat of snow , had been plowed earlier so that only an inch or so crunched beneath her boots .
its a bit hidden by the trees and a lot of overgrown shrubs , ivy and rubbish .
the shrubs stopped abruptly at the western garden wall .
since the garden was , at present , nothing more than rough grass enclosed on three sides by high brick walls with the fourth side bordered by the former gardeners cottage , untended trees and overgrown shrubs that looked as if they had nt seen a pruning shear in fifty years , she did nt really think it qualified , as yet , to be called such ... but it would , most definitely , by the time she was done with it .
shrubs and taller grasses for texture and built elements ; perhaps a treillage walkway or an arbour covered in laburnum or wisteria for vertical interest until the trees could gain some height , and obelisks for training flowering climbers like sweetpeas or bean plants .
she used the large flowering shrubs for cover as she moved even closer to the building .
mom had promised me cuttings of hebe and her fuchsia shrub .
i planted some hebes , rhododendrons , escallonias and fuchsia shrubs to give structure and background to the flower show they were to complement .
they are behind the shrubs lining the psychiatric building and i can hear anthony pleading with renee to leave with him tonight .
he crept back into the last remaining shrubs by the fence so that the first thing the boy would see was his friend , lying on the builders rubble .
the gardens were landscaped with perfectly pruned , round shrubs in pots , grass so green that it looked artificial and immaculate pathways with not a weed in sight .
all around her were countless thickets , shrubs and trees .
despite that , now there were shrubs and plants grown up against the wall , which was called espalier .
there were two flowering shrubs and a neatly mowed lawn .
finally , she lowered herself to the ground , hunched her shoulders and managed to push her way between the shrubs .
damien could smell the dew on the pine needles , the bitter berries in the shrubs along the trail .
amy was n't taking any chances and as soon as he was out of her sight she went into a full blown sprint and hid behind some shrubs .
the room had the added appeal of strategically placed tall shrubs , offering privacy if a couple chose to sneak behind one .
it sat on what she would have termed a knoll rather than a hill , with the front slope tamed into step - down terraces decked with shrubs she imagined put on a hell of a show in the spring and summer .
there was n't a lawn , so to speak , and she thought hawkins had been smart to go with the thick mulch and shrubs and trees skirting the front instead of the traditional grass that would probably be a pain in the ass to mow and keep clear of weeds .
he went straight home where most of the snow had melted off the shrubs and stones .
the snow - banked terraces , the white - decked trees and huddles of shrubs framed the house where smoke was pumping from the chimney , and the lights were already gleaming against the windows .
` ` maybe i should go down , knock the snow off some of cal 's shrubs . ''
the office had a small yard with some shrubs and basic flower beds , which required routine maintenance .
he 'd crawled over and under every shrub in the area in the past six months or so with their survival classes .
within seconds , he was completely invisible in the dense trees and shrubs that edged three sides of their property .
the earth beneath adam 's bedroom window had been turned up , as if someone had considered planting flowers or a shrub , then changed their mind .
she weeded the garden and around the shrubs , and by that time the heat had become stifling .
wind whispered through the shrubs and played the chimes that hung from the porch roof .
gigantic shrubs shivered in the wind and clattered against one another .
flowering green shrubs crouched at the base of the manor and gleaming window panes shone in the sun like diamonds .
dirt and shrubs and blue sky .
he followed the winding walk through bare aspen trees and leafy snowberry shrubs with their white fruits glistening in the afternoon sunlight .
inches of fresh snow blanketed the ground and low shrubs .
he 'd gotten a shrub , which they 'd decorated and set up in their tiny corner of a deserted park using discarded wrapping paper from a nearby shop .
now someone has ripped out the shrubs but not replaced them with anything , leaving piles of dirt and roots mounded in front of the house .
you were probably skulking around in the bushes wearing camouflage paint and wearing shrubs on your head . ''
his shoulder nailed timmy reston in the chest , and together they fell into a row of snow - draped shrubs next to the door .
decorative indoor shrub beds have been overrun with wild daisies .
' remember that little shrub we had in our living room back east ? '
' i was n't going to have a dead shrub as our living room 's centrepiece .
controlling the shaking of her legs and arms , she got down on her stomach and obeyed , snaking her way into the emergent shrubs .
the ` ` virginia countryside around the place was quiet and serene , the trees green , the flowering shrubs well - tended .
every plant , every flower , every shrub was placed according to her plan .
` ` it 's lonely , sometimes , '' she said , and glanced into the forest , where falling shafts of sunlight splintered on leaves and needles , shrubs and rocks , filling the air with a shattered green light .
distracted , i took a mouthful of lemon shrub , and was then obliged to swallow the nasty stuff .
fresh white surfaces showed where the stained brown of the weathered limestone had fractured , and only the smallest of plants had yet gained a foothold in this tumbled pile of rock , unlike the thick growth of shrubs that blanketed the rest of the hillside .
a number of small sparrows edged their way cautiously nearer , popping in and out of the low shrubs , ready to dart back to safety at the slightest hint of danger .
the heavy rain had ceased about sunset , and now , in the early evening , only the pit - a - pat dripping of trees and shrubs echoed the earlier downpour .
i caught a rustle of movement among the shrubs , and a pair of eyes gleamed briefly red with reflected light from our lantern .
the overwhelming hot resins of the pine trees gave way to lighter , more varied scents , tree leaves mingled with whiffs of the shrubs and flowers that grew from every crevice of the craggy rocks .
the hill rose nearly perpendicularly on my right , shrubs and saplings poking out of a cracked rock face , and declined so precipitously to the left that going down would have amounted to suicide .
we had been standing virtually on the edge of this small precipice without my seeing it , screened as it was by the heavy growth of shrubs .
the wood was quiet , but in the usual way of a drenched night - wood ; the creaks and sighs of tall trees moving , the rustle of shrubs brushed by the wind 's restless edge , and in the background the constant rush of invisible water , echoing the turbulence of the air above .
it was quite dark here between the fires ; i could see no more of him than a darker smudge against the black of shrub and tree .
we were moving slowly , because of the goats , and i watched the grass and shrubs as we brushed through them , wondering whether they seemed more visible only because my eyes were adapting to the dark - or because the moon had risen .
we were on hilly ground , spiked with rocky outcrops and small tangles of sweet shrub and greenbrier , making the footing between the trees so uncertain in the dark that i fell twice , catching myself only by luck before breaking my neck .
she knew there were others hidden behind the shrubs , but what she did n't know is what ashton would do if someone else threatened him .
jasper caught her elbow and pulled her to the side , then urged her to crouch behind a boxwood shrub .
in spite of its shrubs and flowering beds and attractive fountain , the garden was as much a prison as the house .
a goatee , thick as an overgrown shrub , with a few days worth of growth on his cheeks between the goatee and his long sideburns .
the yellow jessamine was blooming on the archway leading to the garden , and the chinese fringe shrubs were an explosion of fuchsia .
the interior was dimly lit but candles burned at each of the tables , and an array of christmas lights was strung through decorative shrubs , lending a festive , holiday feel .
her eyes narrowed ever so slightly as she studied michael 's features in much the same manner that a botanist might study a shrub .
the trees and shrubs - as well as the high walls - provided some shelter from the desert wind and sun .
the little seating area where they 'd spoken earlier was empty , but she saw a narrow stone path winding its way between the flowers and shrubs and she took it .
without care for his tan - colored breeches , rhys plunged through the hip - high shrubs , rounded a large elm , and found a small sitting area on the other side .
the shrubs across the road - what had laurel called them ?
the terraced slope in front of the house exploded with color from shrubs and ornamental trees , while at the base the winding creek bubbled along .
tracking the engine noise , he stepped off the hot flag - stones and around a hedge of tall green shrubs loaded with pink blooms and buzzing bees , and jerked to a halt when he spotted tara bent at the waist with one hand on the mower handle .
beyond the fish , rigid rows of shrubs flanked an olympic - length pool that reached all the way to a seawall , boat dock , yacht and what looked like two hundred feet of waterfront .
and she thought about all the years that she did without or made do with an artificial tabletop shrub wrapped with tinsel and a few bulbs for the children 's sake .
i walk through the shrubs just like tiny and i did freshman year when we skipped to go down to boys town for the pride parade where he came out to me .
mr . markland 's religiously trimmed shrubs stood in a meticulous , straight line .