as she walked down the driveway , she ignored the low - level buzzing that was coming from the bushes , pretending to not be nervous about the possible bee hives that were probably hidden in the tall , flowered shrubberies .
climbing on top of the rock by the shrubbery she peered over the hedge .
one that would n't set off the alarms as she fell into the shrubbery , preferably .
standing with her back against the shrubbery , she did n't dare peek around the corner for fear of being discovered .
even the various accommodation places they passed were virtually hidden away behind palm trees and shrubbery .
she asked after a moment 's pause in which she thoroughly scanned the surrounding tree line for any sign of slavering beasts hidden in the shrubbery .
in answer , zack glanced at the key in his palm , flipped it into the shrubbery , and looked at his watch .
the girls leaned so far forward they almost fell into the shrubbery .
i 'd planned on setting out in one direction but a series of large trees and shrubberies caused me to make several small , winding detours .
he parked near a tiny footpath that meandered through the shrubbery before finally spilling onto the white , sandy beach .
valerius came around the shrubbery to find a group of nine daimons waiting in the courtyard .
he moved out from behind the shrubbery , not by will but by simple allowance .
the muscles in my upper thigh were tight and burning from the constant uphill , and i was sure my mind had been turning the small shrubberies into sandwiches as i passed them - just to tease me .
` ` see you around , '' he says it sad , beaten down before disappearing into the shrubbery .
i yank emerson from the indoor shrubbery and shove her in his direction .
the ground sways as i reach in the shrubbery for a stick to beat him off with .
` ` you know i do , '' it comes out depleted as i lead us deeper into the labyrinth the shrubbery provides .
hard left skyla , emerging from the shrubbery .
gage intercepts tad off at the pass and walks him back through the shrubbery .
i looked sideways at ibrahim through the shrubbery .
creeping around to the other side of the house , he squatted in the shrubbery and waited for her to enter her bedroom .
in the past , he 'd contented himself with skulking about the shrubberies and peeking in the windows .
i sighed as we kept walking through the shrubbery .
no human lightbulbs appeared in the shrubbery .
when bontifort got out of her carriage and started up her front steps , lady galsworthy emerged from the shrubbery and shot her twice at point - blank range .
they waited together on the veranda while winston finished his business in the damp shrubbery .
its garden was formal , with shrubberies , fountains , and summer flower beds in full bloom .
but in his mind , they 'd remained hidden behind the shrubbery , elliot thrusting hard into her , claiming her , marking her , making her his .
on the other hand , most girls my age , like tiffany and julie meadows and lashonda smith , were sitting in algebra class at that very moment , humming pop songs and memorizing the pythagorean theorem while i was expiring in a stranger 's shrubbery .
it was dark out , so theoretically our attackers could have been hiding in the shrubbery , but i knew no one was there .
she peered through the shrubbery and started counting the number of death vampires , all restless , all moving as though they were hunting , even if their current job was to guard the courtyard .
she gasped , rather breathlessly , for her wretched son had chosen this moment to emerge from the shrubbery .
at which point edwin stump burst from the shrubbery , followed closely by the duke of wakefield and captain trevillion .
he landed in a crouch , waited a heartbeat , and then began moving through the dense shrubbery , relying on nico to be his eyes as he crossed to the back of the garage .
he made it to the edge of the shrubbery at the far side of the house , but it took several minutes of painstaking progress before he was clear of the laser field .
the rain poured down through the leaves , the pattern unmistakable , so when the discordant note was introduced , saber sank back into the shrubbery near the windows and waited .
briony watched him disappear into the thick shrubbery .
gator crawled through the shrubbery , careful to keep from moving any of the foliage .
and he was very certain someone was waiting in the heavy shrubbery .
he pulled her from in front of the window where her face could be reflected and drew her around the side of the building , pushing her back into the heavy shrubbery .
` ` aye , roy , '' said a mildly testy voice in the shrubbery .
there was a cautious rustling in the shrubbery , and young ian 's voice said , ` ` uncle jamie ? ''
swinging the torch through the wet shrubbery , he extinguished it with a hiss .
the big spider , nearly as frightened as he was , made off toward the shrubbery at high speed , long hairy legs no more than a blur .
with a muttered excuse , he stepped aside into the wet shrubbery and threw up , as quietly as he could .
even in winter , it was a pleasant spot , with several palmetto trees popping out of the shrubbery like so many japanese parasols , and even the presence of a number of soldiers coming and going did n't much impair the sense of gracious peace .
one fell over the side porch railing and landed on the shrubbery .
not to mention the mech wolves , and the bomb crater the atmosphere changed again , ominously , as a mech wolf emerged from the shrubbery .
* * * a few moments later , iridium disengaged himself from the shrubbery and followed the procession , unobserved .
these other - world outfits now lay folded up in the shrubbery with a healthy armful of grass and dirt pulled over them .
he was next to the shrubbery as brue came closer .
luton started , immediately slid to the ground and led his horse to the shrubbery .
when they reached the landscaped shrubbery , rachel burst through and headed for the side yard , where a high wooden fence offered concealment .
stephen squeezed her hand , the little guy curled into a ball beneath the foliage of the shrubbery .
campbell wished he could elbow pete in the gut to shut him up , but pete was retreating deeper into the shrubbery , as if the vegetation could ward off stray bullets .
campbell left the dying red glow of the house fire and entered the shrubbery where he d last seen pete , digging in his backpack for his flashlight .
the wind had half - buried audrey beneath a layer of dried leaves so she blended into the shrubbery .
then several armed men in armor suits popped out from behind the shrubbery and surrounded them and holding lances , spears , and swords .
when we pulled through the shrubbery , i gasped as lainie stopped suddenly and stuck her arm out .
scents of floral bouquet from the lush tropical shrubbery filled the air along with the sweetness of cotton jacy and the aromas of chocolate and taffy from the jacy factory .
francesca has trimmed the shrubbery and even refilled the birdbath .
he had run as fast as his feet would carry him through the dense shrubbery .
she pointed into the shrubbery just in front of our porch , that bush is laughing , though .
as the threesome made their way around the shrubbery , he whispered softly to ariel , the last thing i was trying to say was that we ve all got your back at this blue lagoon spa thing coming up in in iceland .
suddenly , he hears movement -- -as though someone is rummaging in the shrubbery across from him .
a moment of uncertainty , there : she felt tremendously vulnerable , now that she had left the safety of that tangle of shrubbery behind .
occasionally , the shrubbery rustled as though a small animal or two was hidden there .
it had a few shady trees , a lot of well - kept shrubberies , and if i had found a couple of deer grazing on the lawn or drinking from the birdbath , it would n't have surprised me .
` ` wo n't cost , '' earl said , thrashing about in the shrubbery a short distance ahead of tibor .
he sat listening to the sounds around him , noises from the trees and shrubbery , little animals at work , even smaller ones at play : the offspring of the world , maimed and grotesque as they might be , had the right to frolic about in the warm morning sun .
it was just a pale scar of flat dirt through the sparse shrubbery , barely wide enough for one vehicle .
if there was a discreet shrubbery for his own comfort out there , so much the better .
better to win with finesse than to hunt for balls in the shrubbery .
he seemed to hear rustling sounds coming from the shrubbery on either side of the scant trail , but did not slow down to investigate .
thrashing sounds and vibrations amid the shrubbery commenced .
in this particular instance , and on this particular day , occurring at a rather small outcrop of stone and shrubbery atop one of bradleys higher plains , a tiny band of five young fl had recklessly become entangled within the vortex of an uncompromising cross wind and suddenly found themselves hurtling toward a bright blue sky over an horizon that seemed awfully close .
ethan had bruises and cuts from his fall on the road and dramatic roll into dry shrubbery .
caleb , bouncy as ever , had lost his balance on the truck and ricocheted off the road , joining his brother in the shrubbery , and did n't walk away with anything more sinister than a bruised forearm .
grace found a large brick resting in the shrubbery by the back door and was going to hurl it through a window when sebastian grabbed her arm .
look , he said and pointed into the shrubbery .
when he came through the other side of the shrubbery , he stopped at the spot where he had found sileas .
smaller and medium - sized houses gave way to two and three - story homes surrounded by fences , high shrubberies , or walls .
the trees and shrubberies shielded us from the other students , but this situation could get worse fast .
i got a bit spooked , i must say , because i could nt see anyone there but i eventually realised that the voice belonged to a tiny person who was standing in the shrubbery .
tripping over the embankments shrubbery , harry tumbled head - first into the cold , muddy water of the lugogo river .
okay , continued mac , lets get comfortable behind this shrubbery here .
as they remained hidden in the bush shrubbery about three hundred metres from the warehouses , their anxiety was matched only by the apparent boredom of the soldiers .
mist curled around the small cottages and shrubbery .
birds flitted about the lush green shrubbery and trees , chirping happily to one another .
i started poking around the shrubbery for a place to get through , but i was discouraged by a chain link fence on the other side .
he s got an early start at his job , too , he thought , and wondered if otis had lain down in the shrubbery at the same time his father had gone to the rail yards , as though they were changing shifts .
two men emerged out of the shrubbery , blocking her from the sidewalk .
all three boys waited in the shadows of the shrubbery .
she saw cathy was sound asleep so zipped her jacket up and made her way up through the shrubbery to the tussock .
followed by lavina and cathy he followed the tracks down through the shrubbery .
two orderlies reporting for work were attacked by a man who had been lurking in the shrubbery near the service entrance to the main building .
the chimney runs underground and pops up in the middle of the shrubbery at the back of the property just where one might expect rubbish to be burned .
the grounds were extensive , the rear consisting of shrubberies , while the part close to the house and street was conventionally landscaped .
when andre opened it , he ran away , but i m sure i ve seen him slinking about in the shrubbery since then .
i m certain he s lurking nearby , probably waiting his chance in the shrubbery .
following wests instructions , i left the house by way of the rear door , which opened from the back hallway into the shrubbery behind the house .
i pushed past him and plunged blindly into the shrubbery .
there was no sign of hocks , but maybe he was still lurking in the shrubbery .
tequila waited a full two minutes , counting slowly in her head , and then she slipped carefully out from under the shrubbery and strolled casually towards a black gs off - road motorbike parked in the far back , behind two lorries with polish plates .
on the good news side of things , it looked like tequila could use the thick cover of the established trees and shrubbery to get really close to the bmw and try to listen in on any conversations between baldie and the rest of the gang .
tequila slithered at a crouch back into the shrubbery and proceeded to wind her way back to her bike .
to her surprise she could spot the see and the beach between the trunks and the shrubbery .
taking a breath and dashing onto the path , i snatched the scarf from the shrubbery and wrapped it around my wrist double tight .
behind the shrubbery and walls , houses hid from the sunshine .
early on , the sort of men who thought that finding a toilet was too much trouble started making their way outside to relax their straining bladders in the shrubbery .
shin yi blazed away at a place in the shrubbery and saw a body plunge forward .
the grass was well - kept along with shrubberies .
when cars approach , she obscures her face as much as possible , and if there s any shrubbery , she ducks inside it .
she ran back to the fence and there she waited , ready to climb and escape through the shrubbery if anyone appeared .
the boys waiting proudly by the now gleaming sedan ran off into the shrubberies at the sight of him .
jacobs saw something in the shrubbery along the edge of the porch move .
it was the mention of matt veal that caused her to move closer to the porch , using the nearby shrubbery for stealth .
once there had been beautiful gardens , but the zec had razed the trees and leveled the shrubberies to create a completely flat and open vista all around .
the distant crashing in the shrubbery sounded like a wounded animal , but then , down the path , came staggering a man , or what had once been a man .
crickets began to zing in a loud chorus and geckos chuckled in the shrubbery .
again the moon blazed down and there was total silence except for the distant burping and bubbling of the fumaroles and the occasional sinister chuckle of a gecko from the shrubbery .
eddie explained that he hid in the shrubbery behind the swimming pool and waited until everybody left .
the figure darted for the protection of the shrubbery ; it crouched , an immobile but intrusive part of the silhouetted foliage .
the killer ran out of the shrubbery and into the road , racing through shadows toward the front gates .
he reached the shrubbery .
he vaulted over the fence , concealing himself behind the shrubbery , then raced to the first of the two trees where he could stand upright , view the scene and consider his options .
bourne held the ak-47 against his right leg , concealing it as much as possible as he rose to his feet , his left hand skimming the top of the low hedgerow -- a gardener , perhaps , surveying an anticipated assignment , or an indolent stroller aimlessly touching the roadside shrubbery , nothing remotely threatening , just a sign of the commonplace ; to the casual observer , he might have been walking down that road for several minutes without being noticed .
a sidewalk ran next to the shrubbery in front of both units and stopped at a white board fence along the property line .
the shopping bag was where he had left it , and the shadows of the shrubbery were adequate for his purpose .
she stood from the wet ground and walked closer , exiting the shrubbery that encased the garage .
i catch myself lurking in the shrubbery at night , jumping out like a madman with a ruthian - sized baseball bat and beating the hell out of cliff riker .
derrick raised his hands and stepped through the shrubbery .
the first noise was a rustling in the shrubbery near the property line , probably an old dog or cat on the prowl , but regardless of how harmless it was it spooked ray and he ran inside .
from there , i found a narrow dirt road that led deeper into the dense shrubbery .
and in the darkness , i could just make out goldie , spike 's favorite cat to chase , jump down off the vacant front porch to dash underneath the shrubbery before running off down the street .
she wiped sweat from her forehead and crouched lower in the shrubbery to keep from being seen .
as she emerged from the thick shrubbery , she paused deliberately in the sliver of moonlight , bringing the banana to her mouth and running her tongue over the tip of it .
the boots banged against her neck and chest as she made her way through the trees and shrubbery .
they leapt over fallen logs , rousted rodents from the shrubbery , chased a small squirrel through several trees and splashed through two creeks and up an embankment .
brice yanked on her arm once more , dragging her out of the shrubbery and into the open .
her heart in her throat , corinne hurled herself at lisa , catching her around the waist and driving both of them backward into the shrubbery .
he put on a rush of speed , his body a blur , bursting out of the shrubbery just as luiz turned .
he watched the man of no honor crawl from the shelter of the dense shrubbery , a mere shadow sliding across the field .
immediately the sky blackened , with a huge swarm of killer bees that began attacking every living creature , whether insect or mammal , massing over the bodies in clumps and flying at the trees and shrubbery in a frenzy of hate and rage .
panting , i snuck a quick look behind me and jerked off the path and into the thick shrubbery .
there was no hint of person or clothing peeking from the shrubbery , still no rustle or snap to indicate movement .
jacob unloaded the bikes swiftly from the truck bed , wheeling them one by one into the shrubbery where i hid .
bonnie moved back a little behind the shrubbery that was her hiding place and watched the family walk to their car .
it is for this reason , i suspect , that the shrubbery at number five is on fire . ''
with deft feline movements he darted out from the shrubbery and into the dim yellow light from the house .
another candle whizzes by , landing in the shrubbery .
with a cry of outrage , she pushed an astonished sully into the shrubbery , toppling him all the way over .
i was now on the must visit list with a vengeance , although it was nt all one way though , i started to receive reciprocal invitations , but usually somewhere in the shrubbery there was an unattached lady or two .
hustling takes you over a lot of rough terrain , and pretty soon you get to know every draw , everybody , hill , lump of shrubbery , dirt maneuver , scheme , contender , ally , dope user and pusher there is .
his decision was to inch his way around the left exterior keeping away from the windows , hugging close to the shrubbery to avoid detection .
i heard the lags howl as i burst out of the shrubbery and into the bright light of the field .
ted looked up just in time to see movement in the shrubbery across the street .
when she crossed the street to confirm that lilith was in fact dead , she noticed pieces of meat hanging in the boxwood shrubbery in front of the bank .
as i left the house , i discovered a letter addressed to me lying in the shrubbery .
narrowly the fleeing flunkies managed to clear the safety of their shrubbery before dark forms awkwardly passed through seeking shape and substance .
they rocketed into the soft shrubbery .
tahir slowly held his hands up and stepped away from the shrubbery .
not far past the enclosed dead shrubbery the ground led to a ridge which arbicos quickly discovered dropped sharply down a small distance onto an incredibly fertile green plateau .
nestling down tight into the shrubbery , they watched him through half - closed eyes as he stomped past only feet away and then strode off into the distance .
jagarens eyes flashed with a savage longing and instantly he burst through the shrubbery that until now had concealed his presence .
a very large bear with two cuddly brown cubs charged through the shrubbery .
otherwise i will have to dispose of it in the shrubbery .
urszula stepped out of the shrubberies in which she had been lurking .
a few brave birds chirruped loudly at the intruders then flitted into the shrubbery .
liam leaps out of the shrubbery in full werewolf form , his cape nowhere to be seen .
she yells , running toward kai and grabbing his trident left stranded in the shrubbery .
a rustling from the shrubbery in front of them told them that someone was coming towards them .
hearing the perimeter guard give a shout , he dashed over the distance , and arrived just as the private went stumbling into the shrubbery .
he hurriedly , but very stealthily , crept through the shrubbery and up a tree -- a vantage point from which he had clear view of everything the bats might say or do .
the child heard a noise in the nearby shrubbery and he stopped to investigate .
` ` there is no shrubbery hereabouts for you to modestly evacuate your fluids .
when the birds in the trees suddenly grew quiet , shinji dropped the fresh fruit he was eating and disappeared into the shrubbery .
two large , confident men dressed in heavy armour came striding through the shrubbery towards him .
as he pushed his way through the shrubbery he found a bloodied white cloth .
they collapsed together into the shrubbery , hawk finally coming awake only to scream in horror at the unmoving form of scamp beneath him .
when the vessel had hit the shore , she had been tossed into a nearby shrubbery .
she had reached out to him , he had bared his past to her , and when she sought answers , when she recognised that he had them , he had run away to paint the shrubbery with his supper .
a dark shadow - much too big to be feline - exploded out of the shrubbery and streaked across the yard , keeping low .
he had n't actually liked the shrubbery very much .
two men , goliath in size , stepped out from behind the shrubbery at the dorm entrance .
' i should have dropped off the wall and used the shrubbery . '
he 'd set a bear - trap in the shrubbery .
he ambled back over by the building and began poking around in the shrubbery .
i peered from behind a row of tall shrubbery to find a drunken antony pulling a servant girl to him.she twisted as she reached him , allowing herself to be crushed against his barrel - like chest.he quickly bowed his head and kissed her wildly.while their eyes were closed , i darted quickly from behind the shrubbery , disappearing into another row of small trees directly to their right.they never saw me and i continued on my way undetected .
her fathers pleasure garden lay before her with its green fields , hedgerows , flower gardens , pathways , shrubberies , and even a wilderness .
she followed him along the gravel path , past the greenhouse , beyond the shrubbery , and down a path that led into a wilderness hollow .
he had been bent too long , pulling weeds in the shrubbery .
it was nothing more than a bit of flirtation and some stolen kisses in the shrubbery .
in crispins absence frances wandered miserably downstairs , before eventually making her way into the shrubbery , a secluded spot where she was sure to find some peace and quiet .
in the background meanwhile , the parlour maid had just led two visitors into the shrubbery , and while the guests waited for a pause in frances and edwinas conversation , to acknowledge their presence , they stood patiently behind frances .
one minute we were talking outside in the shrubbery , and in the next minute i was in tears , running blindly back to the house .
in no time at all , they were also able to make out the figures of the walking women who had been previously hidden behind the shrubbery .
through the small bushes and shrubbery he went .
then outside in the shrubbery i heard a sort of howl like a dog 's , but more fierce and deeper .
after a while there was the howl again out in the shrubbery , and shortly after there was a crash at the window , and a lot of broken glass was hurled on the floor .
the dogs all round the neighbourhood were howling , and in our shrubbery , seemingly just outside , a nightingale was singing .
amaya lowered and raised her lamp to see inside of the massive rock formation and shrubbery , but saw no arrow .
she let go of the lamp and slid her body under the shrubbery as fast as she could .
beneath the shrubbery was a large , heavy stone .
he held his position and he intently watched the shrubbery into which they d earlier seen the vampires disappear .
she pushed through the shrubbery and lifted up the great boulder that covered the entrance , moving so swiftly that she was able to leap upon the vampire that stood guard even before he was able to raise his sword .
the car came straight up the road without turning , slowed as it drew near the house and then nosed into the driveway , its headlights sweeping across the shrubbery to stop on the garage door .
something slithered unseen from beneath the lush potted shrubbery , drawn to the young man by his body heat and the intoxicating scent of mating lingering on his skin .
as soon as the back door to helens house closed , the stray came stealthily from the shrubbery that separated helens and her neighbors house and proceeded to devour the tuna .
he licked the can clean and disappeared back into the shrubbery .
to the left , a high board fence , perhaps once a neat white but now faded to a dull gray that almost matched the lowering sky , lurched drunkenly in and out of the dank shrubbery .
bill led them up the dry bank and back into the heavy shrubbery , where bugs whirred and chiggers chigged .
i walked to the driveway , staying close to the shrubbery and listening for any strange sound over the cutting whine of the january wind .
foster came to just in time to see her disappear amidst the shrubbery .
the colonel stepped out of the shrubbery and called to the guy , hey , you , remember me from last night ?
gale retrieved her jeans from the shrubbery under the upper - story porch balcony , went back into the kitchen , fixed herself three english muffins with butter and english marmalade , took them out to the driveway and fired up the 500 horsepower ferrari engine .
the young warrior plunged into the shrubbery , and immediately vanished .
even if he had not turned straight towards the doors , surely he should run into a neighbouring railing , shrubbery , or wall .
and that magic curls special hair - spray was holding up amazingly well in the shrubbery .
if people were nowhere nearby i 'd poke around in the shrubbery .
the scenery changed only subtly with each stroke of the threes shiny black wings : the tall trees seemed slightly younger , the shrubberies shrunk smaller , the grass grew greener .
jackie yelled hey ! , through the shrubbery .
fanny , whether in the schoolroom , the drawing - room , or the shrubbery , was equally forlorn , finding something to fear in every person and place .
i would have everything complete , shrubberies and flower - gardens , and rustic seats : but it must be done without my care .
she went , however , and they sauntered about together in mrs . grant 's shrubbery , venturing sometimes to sit down on one of the benches , and remaining there , perhaps , till in the midst of some tender remark of fanny 's on the sweets of autumn , they were forced to jump up and walk for warmth .
i advise you to go out for an hour : the air will do you good ; you will have the shrubbery to yourself , and will be the better for exercise .
it would have made no difference to you , i suppose , whether you had walked in the shrubbery or gone to my house . ''
` ` i recommended the shrubbery to fanny as the driest place , '' said sir thomas .
when she was walking alone in the shrubbery , therefore , he joined her .
she absented herself as little as possible from lady bertram , kept away from the east room , and took no solitary walk in the shrubbery , in her caution to avoid any sudden attack .
i shall stay in the shrubbery for ten minutes .
and now , here he was pacing the shrubbery , angry with himself that the sense of irrevocableness in his lot had been shaken by a change of circumstances that could make no change in relation to him .
with that , gwen tore down our front steps , and ran wildly across three yards before pausing , scouring the shrubbery .
and he motioned to the shrubbery along the brick face of the building where here and there could be seen the white plastic butt of a turkey .
i felt calmer as i poked at the matted leaves around the shrubbery .
cats relaxing on the lid of the rubbish bin , jumped down and disappeared into the shrubbery .
the outside of the house , including the shrubbery , was soaked in gasoline .
bev asked , if there was gasoline all over the outside of the house and shrubbery , why was n't there a grass fire ?
and sometimes all i did was go to the far side and sit in the shrubbery and pretend i was all alone .
i recalled signs on the fences surrounding the shrubbery in the park warning that rat poison had been set out in the area .
the peacock gobbled the offering , and three more birds rushed from the shrubbery .
he kicked the oyster shell into the shrubbery and stared after it .
will you let me pass , she had said , aware that tal had effectively blocked the path ahead of her , such that she would have to either brush against the encroaching shrubbery to her left , or risk stepping perilously close to the open water on her right , if she did nt want to actually press her body against his .
as i began to ease down the drive , i scanned the shrubbery for movement , but i saw nothing , nothing at all .
i stood and picked up my thermos and walked closer , still hidden by the shrubbery .
when i turn around i see feet sticking out of the shrubbery and one of them is missing a shoe .
i searched behind her to see if my sister was lurking or perhaps hiding in the shrubbery .
i preferred lazy afternoons with birds chirping and insects humming in the shrubbery .
by following a carefully thought out series of steps , she managed to stay mostly hidden by shrubberies and fences until she came to a little - used side door of the house .
there are immaculately trimmed trees and shrubbery , several flower beds , and a large koi pond filled with fish .
the dark mass crept out from the shrubbery and stood with his hands slightly raised .
the shrubbery had nt been groomed in a long time .
pretty sure he was only sporting cuts and bites and bruises this time instead of anything life - threatening , tom slowly , painfully got to his feet , all four of them , just in time to see kit flounce out of the shrubbery , spitting .
i flashed the light across the shrubbery as an opossum skittered away from the beam .
apparently gregory liked to eat the local shrubberies .
together we moved out of the cover of the trees , eyes searching the shrubbery for movement , the ground for tracks .
jamie faded back a step or two into the shrubbery .
he stepped out of the shrubbery and walked toward the group , and jamie saw grey 's expression of annoyance and anxiety ease a little .
while the constable conducted his laborious investigations , and the rain began to fall more heavily , jamie saw grey draw tom byrd aside with a jerk of his head , then bend close to his ear , clearly giving instructions , glancing now and then as he did so at the shrubbery where jamie stood hidden .
he thought he made out from the incoherent babblings of the maid that she 'd found the master in the summerhouse , and as the constable seemed indisposed to go and look for himself , jamie eased out of the shrubbery and went quietly round the back of the little wood .
they approached the house cautiously , skirting the lawn and keeping to the shrubberies , but there was no sign of any servants or watchmen being on the premises .
the men were gathered in a small knot , occupied in low - voiced conversation , but too near for me to think of trying to creep away into the shrubbery .
i stood stock - still in the shrubbery , too stunned even to brush away the gnats that swarmed around my face .
the big dog slunk reluctantly out of the shrubbery , tail barely twitching in response to his master 's call .
the three of them had landed half a mile from the beach and worked their way down through the wood , then took up their positions in the shrubbery and settled down to wait .
rising from my knees amid the shrubbery a few minutes later , i heard a sound behind me .
the clash of metal was muffled by the wet shrubbery , but clear enough , nonetheless .
stepping aside into the shrubbery as though to rest a moment or relieve themselves , they were not to return to the main body , but to steal quietly away , and make their way , one by one , to a rendezvous with the other men from lallybroch .
birds were busy in the shrubbery , and the air gave promise of a warm summer day to come .
glancing up at this thought , i discovered that it had occurred to him as well ; he had pulled a fold of his plaid up over his head and shoulders , so that the dull hunting pattern made him effectively part of the shrubbery .
` ` i feel as though my belly is full of broken glass , i ' m half - soaked and mud to the knees , and whoever 's looking for you is about to burst through the shrubbery with a pack of bloodhounds at any moment , '' i said , with a certain amount of asperity .
a sudden loud rustling in the shrubbery was followed by the appearance of mr . wemyss , whose thin , anxious face poked out of a nannyberry bush .
liquor flowed like water at the party , and there were already men leaning on old hector 's mausoleum , glaze - eyed and slack - jawed ; he caught a glimpse of someone behind the thing , too , having a piss in the shrubbery .
` ` did you find any of the guests passed out in the shrubbery ? ''
at the edge of the lawn , i saw phaedre , coming up from the mausoleum with her arms full of plates and cups that had been left in the shrubbery .
the voice came from the shrubbery behind him , and he froze , blood thundering in his ears .
william buccleigh mackenzie emerged from the shrubbery with a great rustling of leaves and a look of sinister intent upon his face .
a crack of snapping twigs underfoot and the sound of labored breath , and a young man shoved through the shrubbery , panting .
someone rose from the shrubbery to his left .
out of the corner of his eye he watched kade wave briefly from the edge of the shrubbery , and turned his attention back to the door .
lucinda had been unfazed ; they would simply throw open the french doors onto the patio , string lights in the trees and shrubbery , and let people wander in and out as they chose .
one of the men was lying motionless , half down the steps , his leg dangling in the shrubbery .
voices buzz through the shrubbery , and i follow the sound over to a dirt trail .
hell , there were panties dangling from the shrubbery .
i 'd just expelled every drop of alcohol from my body in the jenkins ' shrubbery .
four flashlights swept the manicured shrubbery , illuminating nothing more sinister than a clock made of flowers .
something was scampering across a path on the other side of the shrubbery .
moonbeams and the tiny white christmas lights strung throughout the shrubbery accented the shadows under her eyes that no one would see except for somebody who knew her well .