a good recommendation from elizabeth sherbrooke , and the florist 's business would sky rocket .
loved the way they all worked as one , the way they could only just control the volatile vessel , making it lurch and rocket past competitor after competitor .
she pressed harder , feeling her need deepen , her desire sky rocket as his erection pressed precisely where she needed it .
the clean scent of honey and lemons spice the air as a cacophony of explosive grunts , and berated spasms of ecstasy , rocket from a nearby thicket .
an explosion rockets through the pile of tree trunks behind us .
t he cars slam down the incline , rocket through a steep , tight turn and rush toward the first scene .
i listened to the big car rocket down the driveway , probably putting ruts in my beautiful gravel .
they screech , their joy evident in their expressions , and i feel my own surge of glee rocket from a part of me i never knew existed .
she says , and her eyebrows rocket to the middle of her forehead .
i feel my eyebrows rocket toward my hairline .
then suddenly in the midst of the hectic dancing , a group of men in dark clothes that appear to shine and red sashes jump in and began to assault the crowd pushing through just as a loud band called rocket party - goers began to announce their songs and play their smashing musical hits .
the bubble with the trio rockets towards the landscape below barely missing being hit by the intense beam of light .
the six - story rocket began to tremble .
the targets rocket out of the grass , one right after the other , and this ringer kid takes them out before they can get upright with one shot .
oompa folds in on himself , and the echoes of his screams rocket around the garage .
if people saw the cars they really had , where they lived or knew about the kind of money they had their popularity would sky rocket overnight .
he did nt dance , either , he did cross rockets , chicken salad , and rusty trombones , all snowboarding moves .
fishman standalone fiction primacy : a thriller the dead field ( short story ) cadaver blues : a phuoc goldberg fiasco the dark pool : a thriller the bomb squad nyc series a danger to himself and others death march the long black hand blast from the past bottle rocket as contributor the beautiful anthology non - fiction all i need to know i learned from my horse ( co - author ) life is a series of presentations ( co - author ) dynamite : a concise history of the nypd bomb squad dedicated to paul buddy bucha , whom i am honored to call friend series technical advisor mark torre lieutenant , new york police department and commander of the nypd bomb squad authors note members of the nypd bomb squad respond to more than 1500 calls a year .
a series of explosions rocket sideways , upwards , in every direction conceivable .
the explosion seemed to start in his toes and rocket through his body as he emptied himself in her .
his hot breath fanned out across my skin raising more goose bumps and making my need sky rocket .
she felt her heart rocket into the roof of her mouth , and in that second , as his arms pinwheeled wildly and his mouth contorted in a scream , she thought , nothing and none of us will ever be the same .
and , we could actually see the cannon ball rocket out of the barrel and across the bean field .
morgan wrapped her arms around rocket .
she asked of rocket and her family .
to my right was an advancing rocket boy , but was intercepted by gabriel .
jazlyn watched a spout of steam rocket upwards from the mist .
all i had to do was blink in his direction , and he d rocket to the door and sit there wagging his tail , waiting to go for a walk .
at the same time , an incredible surge of power caused pain to rocket through my whole body .
his therapy bill was going to sky rocket .
in fact if she could see her daughter now , shed probably rocket out of her expensive lawn furniture , choking and sputtering on her southern comfort as she staggered across her immaculate lawn .
the explosions rocket around me and throw me against every wall in the room .
hemp and i had dropped down onto our stomachs beside the truck , our necks craned as we watched the plane rocket overhead slanting to a greater and greater degree .
'' i do n't know , '' snarls rocket , adjusting his blue wig .
there is a commotion behind the curtain and , as death raises a bony finger and a stage - hand rolls a drum , rocket lettuce bursts on to the stage , his big shoes flapping , his blue wig askew , his red mouth smiling .
yells rocket as a pie catches death on the shoulder .
keep a camera handy ; you ll want to post the bean faces , spinach rockets and sauerkraut montages on the fridge door .
i m definitely not liking plan echo , thought miles with worry as he watched the extremely lethal f / a-18s rocket towards both the catherine and juan .
i let out a loud cry as i felt my orgasm rocket to the surface , my body exploding with sensation .
my soul tingled with joy and i could feel my pride for my jinn sky rocket .
i felt my anxiety sky rocket .