bliss swelled inside her , tingling and spreading until even the roots of her hair shimmered with the impending ... release .
he jostled her closer , launching a shower of tingles from his touch all the way to the roots of her windswept hair .
he squirmed into the most comfortable attitude he could manage , closed his eyes , and began mentally extracting the square roots of numbers greater than one hundred .
the gust of air is welcome as it cools the sweat forming along the roots of my hair .
for the first time in months since the boat journey , her long auburn hair was soaked at the roots and her body began to shake .
there were two angry red welts across jacksons forehead and blood had caked in the roots of his white hair .
instead , i grew up with a brother who 'd prefer to dissect square roots alone rather than dissect gummi worms together .
gideon scrunched up his face as if he were calculating the square root of bill gates 's net worth .
she had flushed a mottled red , from her throat to the roots of her hair .
kahli 's hair was damp at the roots , sticking to her cheek .
i remember your mother complaining that she would never need to know the square root of anything , and while i forced her to do the math homework nevertheless , we both knew she was correct .
mike looked at me as if i 'd asked him to find the square root of some four - digit number .
in four dimensions , this becomes abstruse , since calculation of its length is done by multiplying roots of minus one -- '' ` ` do n't hand me that , '' the ape objected .
so one has two square roots , but minus one ends up a sort of orphan , having none .
you bastard settled himself down in the sparse shadow of what was left of the syphacia bushes , peered haughtily at the landscape , and began to chew cud and calculate square roots in base seven .
even the roots of her hair tingled with a prickling that maddened her .
her light brown hair rested on her shoulders , sweat wetting the roots .
i mean , umm , they can not be the roots of a polynomial equation withshe thought for a secondwith integer coefficients .
` ` you must pardon the efforts of a very amateurish mathematician in criticizing your solution , but you will recall that there may be more than one root to an equation . ''
i should remind you in turn that such a solution will produce an imaginary root ! ''
terminator mode march 24 - april 8 a root of an equation is a number which substituted into the equation instead of an unknown converts the equation into an identity .
solving an equation implies finding all of its roots .
the roots of her hair stood on end , tingling with the need to feel his grip fisting the crimson strands .
next to her , her bleached - blond hair grown brown at the roots , stood the demon molly zane .
` ` i have no real roots .
her long blond hair was tangled , uncared for , dark at the roots .
the roots of my hair were soaked , and while the cool water on my face was lovely , waves of heat were still blooming over me , spreading like a clinging veil over chest and face and neck and scalp .
the room was warm , and our bodies glistened with sweat , her hair wet near the roots .
sweet sensations exploded inside her , filling every corner until she could have sworn even the roots of her hair shimmered .