a seed of resentment that 's been building inside of me all summer , or perhaps longer , finally takes root as i glance sidelong at her impassive face .
forget about planting the seeds of friendship in her mind .
that part was n't lost on me , and seeds of jealousy took root in my mind , sprouting with vengeance as i once again pictured the two of them together .
to her surprise she 'd enjoyed the world of business , coming up with new product concepts , taking them from the seed of an idea to birth into the marketplace .
with this seed money he started yet another business , another trading company that far surpassed the success of the first , and was soon the head of a multi - million dollar operation .
he gave me some seed money and a whole lot of advice on how to raise horses , what to look for when purchasing new horses , who to talk to and basic things like that .
zarah might not be a bad one either since she was sowing the seeds of his banishment from sidra 's bedroom quickly , a situation he refused to let happen .
` ` because i just found out who my real father was , and that the cash i used as seed money to make my first million came from my father 's life insurance . ''
he had n't turned one hundred thousand in seed money into a billion in fifteen years by letting his little head rule the big one .
the seeds of doubt took away all karen 's happiness in the good times they had shared .
it was probably enough at this point to have planted the seed of a wedding , start her thinking about it , not push too hard .
' you actually sowed the seeds of caring by confronting enrique when you were eighteen , ' the lawyer went on .
she was a shrewd operator , sowing doubts , fears and seeds of suspicion in chloe 's mind - everything possible to undermine trust in him .
sure she probably wanted to see matt - he was a wonderful grandchild for her - but it was skye she was getting at , planting whatever seeds of dissension she could .
nice guy , nice guy , went whizzing through her mind , planting seeds of hope .
there is a seed of distrust in his eyes , and yet there is compassion and softness .
french lace , italian silk , antique seed pearls , swarovski crystals , mounted on italian silk .
if there was a niggling seed of worry called jackson king at the back of her mind on this beautiful morning , she made a concerted effort to ignore it .
she sat , openly eavesdropping now , while a tiny seed of admiration took root and began to grow .
at that moment , he 'd planted a treacherous seed of doubt in her mind about his guilt ; now , seventeen hours later , that seed was taking root deep within her , nourished by her horror at the possibility that an innocent man had spent five long years in a penitentiary .
at that moment , he 'd planted a treacherous seed of doubt in her mind about his guilt ; now , seventeen hours later , that seed was taking root deep within her , nourished by her horror at the possibility that an innocent man had spent five long years in a penitentiary .
without a word , she turned and left , walking swiftly out to the car , suppressing the urge to run , to flee from the evil of this house and its secrets and the seed of terrifying doubt it had planted in her heart .
` ` in the first place- '' victoria burst out , but jason interrupted her , deliberately sowing seeds of discontent .
she shrieked that he was ' the seed of lust ' and ' the product of evil , ' and then she jerked the child 's head up and i saw his face .
long after the sun disappeared from the sky , christopher remained looking out the window with a tiny seed of an idea in his head .
she 'd tried countless times to vanquish the feelings , but a tiny seed of love for him always remained .
i 'd overreacted , and even though i had n't gone crazy like i would have in the past , i felt the seed of it inside .
it would plant more seeds of doubt .
so , can i just be happy with that rather than have you plant seeds in my head that 'll only lead to more schoolgirl mooning ?
i 'd planted a small seed somewhere in the back of jack 's mind that would grow to visions of men hitting on me in a trendy club in london .
i was just wondering if ... if you ' ve ever wondered if you have that seed of sourceless desperation and instability inside you ? ''
she 'd passed down to him the seeds of paranoia and mistrust and then fostered them every way she could .
both held advanced degrees in gossip and hearsay , so in their garden of chatter , a seed of truth often sprouted leaves and flowers of beautiful lies .
i ' m thinking i have a couple of days to plant a seed in daniel 's head about him .
he asked , even as a seed of hope began to sprout .
and so she 'd ruthlessly squelched the part of her that desired roman chandler , and the seeds of discontent that lurked in her soul .
so i am confident that giselle has no idea that i ' m still wary - or that tiny seeds of jealousy remain buried just below the surface , ready to sprout if she says the wrong thing or looks at damien with the slightest hint of attraction .
despite the hold of the drug on my body and my mind , there was a seed , a tiny speck of myself , somewhere deep within the recesses of my soul , untouched , untainted .
still ... the seed of doubt remained .
how could he expect elise to trust him when he harbored seeds of doubt about his very identity ... about the fundamental rightness of his existence ?
she 'd felt the seed of it toward lucien , even as a girl .
the question at hand was whether kam would do middling well with his brilliant invention or sow the seeds to create an empire .
it 's because of you that i have seed money .
but my sister 's scolding echoed in my mind , sowing the seeds of doubt like they always had .
` ` or was the seed of this idea more experiential ? ''
it was as if she had planted a seed that would n't eject itself from my conscience .
if i do this , i may be planting the seed to destroy everything that my father has built .
i shook my head , in disbelief that blake defending me against isaac 's terrible behavior could plant such a seed of vengeance in him .
but according to the way colt described himself , he was the rebel , the bad seed , the black sheep , even before he 'd become an alcoholic .
quinn 's clipped , ` ` get your goddamn hands off my wife , '' had instilled a tiny seed of hope .
used it as seed money and doubled it in three days .
he said i 'd go all in if i got my seed money back and if they put me on the tour for at least a dozen stops .
in one moment of careless passion , he had sown the seeds of both their destruction .
but more than that , he had sown the seeds for his own destruction .
i allowed them to plant seeds of doubts in my mind and i saw in him what they wanted me to see .
you are sowing the seed of our own destruction . ''
i allowed them to plant seeds of doubt in my mind and i saw in him what they wanted me to see .
would you have the seed you have planted take root in the heart of another boy ?
why would you want to give up your life because of some bastard seed ? ''
twenty - one lanthe actually did feel the seeds of guilt .
looking back now , i wish someone had been there to see how my mother had sown the seed of hate inside me .
a taltos came out of their bodies , a wild seed of our kind .
deep within us all are the seeds of hate for what is different .
a hefty dose of black magic and a tiny seed of doubt about westin would push her over that edge again .
unfortunately it had a delayed effect , but he would sow the seeds of buzz for the future .
my protective nature rose up from a tiny seed of maternal instinct i did n't even know i had , and i shushed her , rocking as i stood in the road , three feet back from the gate .
perhaps the seeds of understanding had been planted there .
she was n't expecting it , and i felt the goddess stumble as i flooded her with myself , setting seeds of my thoughts within her even as i swung out again .
as if she 'd somehow planted stronger seeds of obsession in his brain , and those seeds were now growing .
once mnemosyne makes a suggestion , the seed of a memory is planted .
gulping for air , i clutched my head and tried to press the dream from my thoughts , but it dug its fingers deep , bored beneath my skin as the seeds of fear i 'd felt for months firmly took root .
and that was the f**king thing , he 'd been texting her all along , f**king laying seeds of his own destruction , trying to claim what could never be his , steal from me the one thing that had ever truly belonged to me .
even then , we had started taking her to a counselor once a week to help us weed out the seed of abandonment that had been planted , just as elizabeth and i had started to see a counselor as a couple .
` ` the branch of hatred is always grown from the seeds of greed and jealousy . ''
` ` is it not - when everything you suffered began from the seed of david 's hatred ? ''
odd how she 's undeterred by the fact i ' ve got a seed of vengeance blooming in my heart for anyone slinging a procreation device between his legs .
i reach over and fumble for the condom i packed with a seed of hope and tear into the package .
you 're the one who fertilized this seed of doubt .
i hate this seed of doubt .
` ` skyla , '' he says , with a seed of disappointment , ` ` i trust you to leave gage out of any potentially stressful situations . ''
` ` you 're the one who planted the seed of doubt .
this life was meant for sharing , and i almost had that in its purest form with ford until evilyn and her imaginary bad seed infiltrated basecamp .
i knew , i did n't act fast , that same seed that was planted in my soul hours ago and was taking root and growing strong even as i slept my hysteria away , had been planted in his too .
and this sensation , i figured , was not entirely due to my new kickass outfit ( ice blue , halter bikini top that hooked to a golden chain around my neck and was also fastened with a chain around my back , ice blue skirt with shafts of gold and hints of white and silver , wide belt made of gold and silver disks , no bands at my biceps but so many gold and silver , skinny bangles on my wrists it took gaal five minutes to push them up my hands and they covered me from wrists to mid - forearm and tinkled every time i moved my arms ( which was , i noted for the first time in my life , a lot ) , gold earrings , again chandelier but dripping with rough , seed pearls and pearl pins affixed to the coils , twists and braids in my hair everywhere ) .
my jewelry was minimal , just silver chandelier earrings and the seed pearl bangles i bought at the marketplace .
seeds of indignation took root in her chest .
for a minute , possibly a second , a seed of doubt started to grow , but i squashed it down .
` ` six months ago , i confronted my father about taylor , and he mentioned that i had the same bad seed .
santiago furrowed his brow , assuming the seeds of his sire 's madness must have been planted in that moment .
i could admit it and point out that i was still valuable to the blackcoats , or i could deny it and hope to hell it was enough to plant a seed of doubt .
at first , i think it is his arrogance that has made me angry , but then i realize i am angry because he has planted tiny , wicked seeds of doubt within me .
for while crunard has wronged many , the seeds of his treachery lie in his love for his son .
a cold dark seed of panic begins in my gut .
they all fall silent then , but aeva 's words have planted a small seed of guilt in me , and it begins growing , for there is truth in what she says .
regardless who planted the seed in ashley ; the twins belonged to my brother .
` ` greyson ... '' hell , i can see the seeds of doubt her friend planted almost spinning in her little head .
it was isabel who had provided the seed funding for harte - madison , the commercial real estate development company founded by sullivan harte and mitchell madison all those years ago .
the majority of the population , the wolves , respected the levels to which the harmonics raised human virtues because the seed of those virtues lay in all humans .
still , the fact that a seed of doubt had been sown meant shifters had to be very , very careful about the collars .
they had supplied the seed money and they were our first priority client .
i ' ve built my company from nothing with ten thousand dollars of seed money i borrowed from the pack , just like everyone else , and i ' ve paid back five times that .
she felt a tiny seed of resentment take root inside of her .
now that he d planted the seed of the story as real , they tiptoed around my feelings and did nt say much .
once again , i felt a seed of doubt grow in the pit of my stomach , but then i realized james also had to hide his face .
at least enough that cassidy would n't keep ignoring the queen 's gift whichshould have been left as the seed money for kermilla 's personal expenses .
the seeds of distrust are sown village by village while she nurtures the lighter - jeweled witches who have the same twisted nature that she does .
i was very glad to have seen her , but she 'd planted a seed .
and your sister did n't help matters either , planting all these seeds in my head about kids . ''
the tiny seed , that kernel of distrust of the ones who 'd made me , rooted .
that seed of hatred unfolded , sprouted .
maybe he 'd know that the seed of hatred he 'd planted two weeks ago would blossom , watered by the things i 'd done , and would do , in his name .
` ` you planned it , '' i said , thinking of the seeds he 'd planted with my father .
if lacey was working to make me even more insecure - to plant the seeds of doubt - she was doing a damned good job of it .
she was planting seeds of doubt about our relationship , and i 'd bet money the more they spent time together , the bigger those doubts were going to become .
the best lies always have a seed of truth .
her gown , all in white and embroidered with seed pearls , was cut very low , displaying her full perfect br**sts .
as she considered her situation , a seed of resistance began to grow , built of anger and grief , forged perhaps in memories of having fought leto in the tolleson arena .
my heart jumped and i grabbed it , a small seed of optimism planted .
for that little seed of hope that had taken root again , and i could n't seem to choke out .
but she was burning with curiosity and maybe , deep inside , where she was ashamed to admit it , a seed of jealousy .
as legal constraints on gambling put a choke hold on expansion , he 'd redirected his business into a riverboat casino with seed money from a less - than - reputable source and his business expanded overseas .
suicide bombers made things more difficult for everyone , sewing the seeds of distrust against even the innocent .
since the fateful day she 'd met mike on the street , a tiny seed of doubt had taken root .
but she could n't help the seeds of doubt , the concern that maybe he regretted his decision .
logan had planted the seeds of her curiosity surrounding colin 's past and rina wanted to explore them .
some mistakes were meant to happen , faith thought , and the seeds of this one had been planted that day long ago on ethan 's bike , when he 'd tried to get into her pants - or cheerleading skirt as it so happened - and she 'd said no .
mack had known then that the questions in his mind , the doubt rising up with each new nugget of information about whitney and his experiments , were n't just because jaimie had planted the seed and suspicion was growing .
the way it was explained to me , each carpathian male is born with a seed of darkness in him .
she already had the seeds of cruelty and depravity in her .
when he handed her the receipt to sign , she brushed her finger over his and planted the seed for him to ignore his nicotine cravings .
a seed of a plan slips into her mind and begins to grow .
i do n't believe it , but inside , a seed of doubt has been planted .
it was clear that he was planting the seed of suspicion in the minds of the high masters , but what was n't clear was if it was working .
planting the seed of suspicion was a specialty of his .
then to see emily with him put a seed of hunger in me .
who do you think planted the seed in that warped brain of hers ? ''
a seed of sadness rooted deep in my stomach , and i desperately ignored it .
a seed of panic was rising in me over the fact that i even had to ask a question like that .
three blank meadows some say the druj are demons , children of chaos brought forth long ago to plague the archangels and seed wickedness into human hearts .
despite the hopelessness of my past , i have always nurtured the tiny seed that , one day , there would be a happy ending for me , that one day i would find true love and everything would be all right .
he did n't want to acknowledge the kernel of pleasure he felt at having a reason to seek miracle out , the seed of gratitude he felt that she 'd left her camera in cheyenne 's trunk .
but a smile tugged at my lips despite the little seed of hopelessness that was stil buried deep inside me .
a tiny seed of fear had begun to take root deep inside my mind , a kernel of dread that i might be starting to experience the effects of bo drinking from me .
so as long as there was one tiny seed of doubt in my mind about me and bo , i was going to put off naming my feelings for him for as long as i possibly could .
the earth - shattering let down , the crushing of that tiny seed of hope is almost more than i can take .
just as quickly as the hopelessness set in , a tiny seed of hope grows to overwhelm it .
' whatever seed this counsellor has planted , madame , it seems to have been expertly done . '
susan had planted a tiny seed , and i was going to act on it by going to jake in the barn and seducing him .
` ` that naughty grin on your face has planted seeds of doubt in my mind . ''
plant a seed of doubt , but do n't drop the bomb ... not yet , anyway .
a tiny seed of memory sprouted .
annies mania for revenge on those responsible for her misery had a seed of truth in it .
contact the author with comments and questions https : //www.facebook.com / david.l.howells.3 seeds of virtue dark descent book i by christopher lapides smashwords edition books by christopher lapides www.cal-productions.com the slayer series dragons plight town shadows kingdoms peril heritage lost identity lineage destiny dark descent seeds of virtue seeds of doubt february 2014 seeds of malice december 2014 seeds of virtue copyright 2013 cal productions this book is protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america .
contact the author with comments and questions https : //www.facebook.com / david.l.howells.3 seeds of virtue dark descent book i by christopher lapides smashwords edition books by christopher lapides www.cal-productions.com the slayer series dragons plight town shadows kingdoms peril heritage lost identity lineage destiny dark descent seeds of virtue seeds of doubt february 2014 seeds of malice december 2014 seeds of virtue copyright 2013 cal productions this book is protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america .
contact the author with comments and questions https : //www.facebook.com / david.l.howells.3 seeds of virtue dark descent book i by christopher lapides smashwords edition books by christopher lapides www.cal-productions.com the slayer series dragons plight town shadows kingdoms peril heritage lost identity lineage destiny dark descent seeds of virtue seeds of doubt february 2014 seeds of malice december 2014 seeds of virtue copyright 2013 cal productions this book is protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america .
contact the author with comments and questions https : //www.facebook.com / david.l.howells.3 seeds of virtue dark descent book i by christopher lapides smashwords edition books by christopher lapides www.cal-productions.com the slayer series dragons plight town shadows kingdoms peril heritage lost identity lineage destiny dark descent seeds of virtue seeds of doubt february 2014 seeds of malice december 2014 seeds of virtue copyright 2013 cal productions this book is protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america .
contact the author with comments and questions https : //www.facebook.com / david.l.howells.3 seeds of virtue dark descent book i by christopher lapides smashwords edition books by christopher lapides www.cal-productions.com the slayer series dragons plight town shadows kingdoms peril heritage lost identity lineage destiny dark descent seeds of virtue seeds of doubt february 2014 seeds of malice december 2014 seeds of virtue copyright 2013 cal productions this book is protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america .
purchase , prof . lee schlesinger , whose insightful lectures provided more than a few seeds for the ideas encountered herein .
she did look frightened as if his tale planted a deep rooting seed of fear in her .
straus made a joke the other day , that nadezhda sowed the seeds of discord at arcas .
the seeds of roboto fascism had germinated in his mind long ago .
she certainly did n't want to carry the evil seed of leroy in her stomach and feel the intense pain of his neo - satanic children being born into the white cultist 's world of hate and pain .
that type of attitude plants the seed of destruction in any society or culture , leaving it vulnerable to overthrow by those oppressed within its boundaries , as well as by outside forces .
she could see his chest rising and falling and knew he was ready , to allow the seed she had planted in his mind to grow .
the fancycrazyhydrants inspire a deeper message , planting the seeds of greatness within each whom read this work of art developing the relationships with others , but most importantly with oneself .
if we provide the truth , or a small seed thereof now we might control the eventual reactionary outcome .
the box knocked against her knees as she pushed the random thought from her mind with tears and bared teeth , but it seemed to seed and bloom into a field of pessimism just as she crossed into the trees .
you have the seeds of greatness within you , she said .
and as for the supposed demon seed of the kings concubine , elizabeths time on the throne lasted five years longer than her infamous fathers and was called the golden age , with england becoming a dominating world power for centuries to come .
again he drifted away from consciousness , and again his final thought was one that planted seeds of concern , seeds that took root immediately and began to grow , dominating his fevered dreams .
again he drifted away from consciousness , and again his final thought was one that planted seeds of concern , seeds that took root immediately and began to grow , dominating his fevered dreams .
mankinds hatred has managed to activate the evil seeds planted here long ago , the alien says .
the good guys , the bad guys and now evil seeds ?
not by using l & p to provide seed money and then hoping i would create new law and declare a retirement non - compete unenforceable . ''
` ` you carry the seed of your own destruction , archmage .
the seed of strife had been planted by circumstance .
their footprints from the den in the glade had diverged almost straight away ; those seeds of mistrust replaced the uprooted white moss in her mind .
and about three tons of methane seed for terraforming .
but madi had planted that seed of suspicion .
now i ve finished my work on the prose to make it aesthetically consistent , and i ve also been able to plant a tiny number of seeds to lead towards the sequel , the coyote kings , book two : uranium city , and to the subsequent books in the proposed series .
with novels , i tend to have a seed daydream or a dream in sleep that sets me off , and then i am always thinking about the story until i am done with a draft , whether i am sitting at my writing table or doing something utterly boring like folding laundry .
a seed of doubt dec 1 , 2015 all the pieces of the easter square incident come together with the transformation of a single woman , renee delacroix , a timid middle class desk - jockey .
fertetaori -- true voas -- faith bridaone -- protein volma -- movies ( motion pictures ) i cimaci -- the beginning , former site of lisbon pindi ponch trensodi -- pinch point transit ( ppt ) imcom , axbloqua bir vefir -- omcom , please explain garecei ti essessoni -- killer generation ( reis generation ) samanda -- seed group of minds forming overmind cesdiud -- cast out ( disconnected ) asborodi cimponeti -- compatible spirits ( soul mates ) inta asde i ifarmonte ?
the seeds of omcom 's transformation have now been planted .
to them it was n't the legacy that mattered because these people , however sick , were still the seeds of that legacy .
whenever a star was born there , it acted as a seed of hope , lighting the way for travelers ; past , present and future .
meanwhile , renzo , who has seeds of a good conscience but has been badly misshapen morally , is feeling terrible that he did n't save julia somehow , but he 's not coming to healthy conclusions , all the more so because now he has it in his head that joel was spying on his beloved .
sally , you built the sentient , what i dreamed of , from the seed of my imagination : a camera which captures more than the visible plain of our limited vision .
i want to implant a mental seed containing much of our technological database deep into your subconscious , so that it is only available once you are far from here , and the others have lost interest in you .
how many have been neglected , wasted , because their parents did n't notice the seeds of some talent ?
in their creations they saw the seed of their own destruction , but the fear of primeval replacement was too big on a scale of modern technological advancements and hypothetical scenarios frightened everyone with statistics playing out in the collective scientific mind .
but , a century before our time , the vicious seed of heresy started to grow among the more naive and easily influenced of our brothers and sisters .
no point in fighting whatever evil seed was sprouting .
but i ve already received my seed capital .
did it help her to have the seed of her death planted before she left the train ?
comment : there is the obvious parallel to the biblical story of enmity being put between the serpent in the garden of eden , and the seed of woman .
he may have planted only a seed of resentment , but his age and will to regain a connection strives for everything it can grasp within the hive .
perfect seed hair for my new braid .
however , time began to plant seeds of unrest among his brothers .
velius must have realized his words planted the seeds of suspicion .
he forced away similar memories which made him shudder ; memories of feeling wet , bitterly cold and achingly empty while adults he trusted insisted that he felt warm and happy , and the first seeds of forbidden doubt crept into his ten - year - old mind .
she gave rachel a surreptitious smile whispered , ` ` i think we planted a seed ! ''
` ` yes , and that sowed the seeds of the seventh and final age of entropy .
events along the way unwittingly led zendo and puri to help spread seeds of change .
alan saw that what remained of his legs were two stumps , the shape of the wounds perfectly matching the curve of the seed of light .
when they had heard that ashra , daughter of lydia , would join them in overtaking the sanctum on phalos , they found the budding seed of hope in their hearts .
` ` those masses seem to be the seeds of black holes .
i planted the seed by saying it was my nana pans ' apartment .
you 're happy to sow the seeds of restoration with the blood of those who do n't see it your way .
fighting other children was a waste of time because we could nt hurt one another but it also sowed the seeds of division among the squad and he could nt stand that .
the plan was never for genocide , but the seeds were planted .
if you take a people , take their livelihoods , take their dreams , and leave them with no hope for a better future , therein you will find the seeds of revolution .
at some point though , the main river , sty , broke through to a lower level , so the above caverns became dry and here a massive underground lake formed , and we had the seed of what you see today .
his head felt tight , like the seed of a migraine .
the seed of fear was planted , and we pondered the effects of our single enterprise .
occasionally the seed of a thought sprung up but was quickly lost in the interference .
i lied to him of course , but the emotional turmoil of knowing that he had a chance to live , satisfied the seed of hate that was growing in my heart for him .
while he could not articulate the reason , vejax knew steffor 's relentless questioning of the proven truth fostered the seed of his discontent .
reunited as they were , the seed of their potential life together having just broken to the surface , neither could deny the desire to become one with the other .
it laid the seeds of bitterness .
methinks we have sown the seeds of future entertainments .
yesterday , i showed you that both pegus and rome had concluded that reconnecting rome to the samanda ( the seed of the overmind ) was the only thing that could save her ( and aason 's ) life .
within what you are now lay the seeds of your destruction .
there is nothing in existence that can outmatch me , for i am the seed of all terror .
in fact , it seems to me that you make the rules now , she said , planting a seed in my head .
` ` you and your crew will also sow the seeds of faith among humanity 's survivors . ''
i could help you get started , even give you a little seed capital , and in return you help me be more effective .
i d want my seed capital repaid with interest of course , but the profits you made for yourself beyond that would be yours to keep .
now she wished she had for its glorious words were actually planting seeds of bright light into the heart of her son .
xander found the seeds of love stirring in his heart as a result .
we as humans carry the seed of cruelty within ourselves because were the children of a cruel universe .
lately yugo had been speaking about the possible establishment of foundations - separate , isolated , independent of the empire itself serving as seeds for developments through the forthcoming dark ages and into a new and better empire .
his friend - a robot - had provided him with a protector - a robot - to ensure that psychohistory and the seeds of the foundations were given a chance to take root .
each master had carried this resource - a nullentropy capsule preserving the seed cells of a multitude : fellow masters of the central kehl , face dancers , technical specialists and others he knew would be attractive to the women of shaitan ... and to many weakling powindah !
simulflow poured it through her awareness : order of mentats , founded by gilbertus albans ; temporary sanctuary with bene tleilax who hoped to incorporate them into tleilaxu hegemony ; spread into uncounted ` ` seed schools '' ; suppressed by leto ii because they formed a nucleus of independent opposition ; spread into the scattering after the famine .
you shall have no head , nor arms nor legs nor gait nor seed .
` ` we sowed the seeds of intelligence among most of the universe 's beings , and the rest were assisted by those we first helped .
this was the curse his friend had set upon him , the wicked seed of optimism that refused to be uprooted .
the seeds of evil had been allowed to grow .
except , perhaps , for the seed warhead .
madder loss had opened his eyes to the ebbs and flows of history and economics , and had also planted that seed of personal rebellion that had just flowered .
` ` but the distant future -- when humanity outgrows all ancient systems of belief , all psychology and morphology , all of its yolk - sacs of culture and biology -- the seeds of the second foundation ... '' daneel did not need to finish .
` ` i found a seed of freedom , very subtle .
as wine retains the perfume of its cask , i retain the essence of my most ancient genesis , and that is the seed of conscience .
they create the seeds of turmoil and violence .
the seeds of a terrible dependency had been planted .
` ` the rites of the religious festival of bacchus were the seeds of greek theater , moneo .
she is more than atreides and she carries the seed of your survival . ''
a wild talent from out there where the original human seed could not observe ?
a little seed of panic sprouted inside mark 's chest .
and though we have failed in that effort , we can at least say we ' ve planted the seed for mankind 's future .
embryonic bonfires , each bearing a seed of destruction so potent it could tumble cities and dash kings to their knees .
the seed of an idea had begun to sprout in his mind , but that killed it .
nevi saw the seed of hope in zentz 's eyes , a seed that nevi would nourish to a rich blossom and snip , when necessary , to make just the right bouquet for the director .
the alien voice did not respond , but the seed of doubt had been planted .
it was that little seed of hope that never died , he suspected .
only minutes ago , she had been where the seed of life spanned the eons .
it was one thing to nudge and herd and manipulate intelligent creatures for the sake of entertainment -- ` ` to relieve boredom '' -- quite another thing to sow the seeds of an awareness that could explode against the chem .
in each of us there 's that seed out of our past , the seed which whispers : remember ?
in each of us there 's that seed out of our past , the seed which whispers : remember ?
it was the most vital thing in her life at this moment to show kelexel why she nurtured such a seed of violent hate toward him .
some tale - tellers say the beams saved it ; others say they are the seeds of the world 's destruction .
` ` my investigation culminated in the theory that the guilty individual was not only trying to fix the blame upon morgan , but planting the seeds of a renewed outbreak of hostilities with the vampire white court , by implicating them in the death .
roland was far from the relentless creature he would eventually become , but the seeds of that relentlessness were there - small , stony things that would , in their time , grow into trees with deep roots ... and bitter fruit .
and then i felt wonder that the seeds of goodness had lain dormant so long in him , waiting for the breath from an angel 's lips .
but , to look on the bright side , all this only went to prove that evil contains the seeds of its own destruction .
a story , or the seed of it anyway , was there in my head , and i wanted to explore it .
but no psychologist can practice without a rudimentary understanding of children 's psyches , where are sowed the seeds of later problems my colleagues and i treat in our adult practices .
dyhern was not wrong : with a few seeds of doubt sowed already , particularly if many other prussian officers were also refugee among the russians , and the british ambassador himself unconvinced , it was no wonder any longer if they could gain no ear .
a seed of a headache had started to grow behind her right temple .
a seed of a headache bloomed behind his right temple by the time he neared the forest 's edge .
sam nodded , though a seed of worry took root .
deep inside , nathan felt a seed of anxiety , bitter and sour .
still , deep inside , a seed of dread had been planted that she could not shake .
a burning seed of anger smoldered in nate 's chest .
in other words , there might be a fundamental fractal of intelligence , a primary seed from which all intelligence grew .
` ` each node is like the seed of a fractal tree .
the nazi bastard might have killed himself after the war , but he had a plan to live on , to birth the new aryan supermen , a new line of german kings , out of his own corrupted seed .
over the course of a millennium , the oracle 's prophecies played a role in freeing thousands of slaves , setting the seeds of western democracy , and elevating the sanctity of human life .
despite her loss , she could not discount a burning seed of anger toward him .
senator gorman held it and waved painter into the seed room .
` ` maybe this is just a coincidence , but maybe there was a seed of truth to these stories .
the seed crystal of the riot .
maybe she 's the seed crystal and everything that the protomolecule 's doing is built on her .
the seed crystal of a future beyond anything he 'd ever dreamed .
a : the essential of preservation , to shelter a seed of humanity through the coming storm .
with bonmot to guide but not smother , mary began to develop her own theories , the seeds that would eventually lead to disagreement and betrayal .
plant the seed of an idea in their minds and let it grow .
in the death of one of us lieth the seeds of the deaths of us all . '
rumor , ever vagrant , persisted in the years that followed , saying that the seed of riva still lay hidden in some remote land .
now there came rumors of a prophecy that a rivan king , true seed of the line of riva , should again appear and sit upon the throne in the hall of the rivan king .
her gown was of gold and white brocade covered with seed pearls , and its train swept the floor behind her .
that seed in his gut had blossomed into full - fledged panic , slicking the palms of his hands with sweat and making his throat feel stuffed with cotton .
he surveyed his ragged band of brigands : near three hundred stone crows , moon brothers , black ears , and burned men , and those just the seed of the army he hoped to grow .
sweetling , i have ... well , call it the seed of a plan .
this hero builds courage in the hearts of his own men and plants the seeds of doubt in ours . ''
` ` the best ruses always have some seed of truth , '' said the tattered prince .
even as i say this , though , i feel the doubt in the back of my mind , the seeds that day has planted .
he seized her arm and said with intensity , it was their blood that was the seed of our church !
instead , he kept coming back to drews story and the seed of suspicion that he d plantedwhich by now had blossomed into full - fledged paranoia .
we only need to plant a seed of anger and stand aside .
i planted grass seed , but that would nt come out for another week or two .
and still a seed of doubt lodged in her heart .
in her mind she reached towards that seed of darkness , her hand glowing with a light entirely different from the flames .
it had begun with that first glimpse of the moon just one year ago but had been a seed within her for her entire life .
many have traveled our path carrying the seeds of truth unseen .
i really want to kill sage for planting that seed in my mind .
as much as she tried to focus on her mission , declan was like a seed planted in her mind that kept growing bigger and bigger until she was consumed by him .
` ` then we are ready to enter , ' the rising seeds tournament ' . ''
i tried pushing the idea out of my mind , but the seed of the thought stayed back there .
seeds of frustration and uncertainty began sprouting in his mind like weeds in a garden .
she knew the idea had to be aunt lulus , so she planted the seeds and aunt lulu totally got sucked in .
zaltreous asked , planting a seed of doubt in her mind .
they call ideas the seeds of all things .
and so it is that we find ourselves in the situation we are in today ; locked in a struggle to keep him and his minions from sowing the seeds of hatred and despair .
i would have easily put her in her place by simultaneously hacking away at whatever faade of self - esteem she had and planted seeds of doubt that would plague her for years to come .
i ve seen child therapists become abusive parents as their wild seed turned into early mothers and deadbeat fathers .
however , as she washed herself and changed , a small seed of doubt was planted in her mind .
i stood in the middle of the room for a time , thinking that aiilyn had said she would return today , but a seed of the anger i d felt the night before pushed me and told me not to wait for her .
damn him for planting that stupid seed of paranoia !
its not the seed of wepwawet or lycions sons that have been stalking the grounds khala , and you know that !
our thoughts are the seeds , be they good or bad .
then , just as quickly , the feeling was eradicated as a seed of apprehension sprouted in his gut .
i ask , trembling now with the growing seed of anger .
but conversely , ill sow the next batch of seeds of doubt , hoping that this time , it would run deeper in the peoples minds so that it could find its way to grow .
i believe every single participant here today has the seeds of greatness deep within him .
as mr . marlin told me afterward , the power of the potion was so great it carried the seeds of its own destruction within it , in the form of my refusal to use the very power itself .
i ve watched you sow your insidious seeds of deceit while claiming to serve a righteous cause since the first day you logged on to that chat room three years ago .
in 2011 i finally decided to breathe life into the seed of an idea that i had created because not only had i become a much more talented writer , but i had finally acquired the support of the team that i needed in order to bring my complete vision to life .
the properties of the journal had planted seeds of doubt in his heart .
but those hateful words had also brought the seed of doubt that haunted us both .
that conversation kind of planted the seed in my mind .
they had already planted a seed within her , with roots so deep that only she could remove them .
second , our aunt danielle for looking at the seed of what we initially had and envisioning something greater .
it was assumed the warming trend continued gradually from that point to the present day , leading to warmer temperatures and the eventual creation of the fertile lands the earliest hunter - gatherers settled in , sowing the seeds of the first city - states in mesopotamia and egypt .
when he saw how she struggled he did one thing perhaps he should nt of , he planted the smallest seed of an idea inside of her head .
second , if examined too soon the seeds of rebellion will still persist .
he and araton would be together for another year during his preceptorship , one in which he would be put in charge of his own projects on a seed planet , with araton supervising his activities .
so far i have increased the seed money they gave me by thirty percent .
those were the years of mystery and dream fantasy when seeds of false thinking flowered in his mind all woeful and gloomy .
this book might be nonsense , but it planted the seed of truth in me .
mom and dad did both have a little of that old hippie vibe about them , and teddie knew enough about human nature to know that a common style could sow the seeds of friendship or of dislike .
so , he mostly was concerned that those who were born with the seed of his odd capability , and for whom the seed blossomed , should be provided with the knowledge to deal well with this difference .
so , he mostly was concerned that those who were born with the seed of his odd capability , and for whom the seed blossomed , should be provided with the knowledge to deal well with this difference .
but this was different league : the seed of an idea planted one day , regurgitated on national tv the next !
but halfway through the voice droning , the seed of a thought at the back of his mind suddenly leapt to the forefront .
after this seed had been planted in jades mind , joey would return to work on friday , with jade at his side .
his speeches seed unrest and attempt to place the german over everyone else .
he 'd led courtney to find out just what she needed to know to plant the seeds of an idea in her mind .
it was almost as if the incident had planted a seed of hate inside him , and day by day that seed was growing , sprouting weeds that twisted and wrapped their tendrils through all his veins and arteries .
it was almost as if the incident had planted a seed of hate inside him , and day by day that seed was growing , sprouting weeds that twisted and wrapped their tendrils through all his veins and arteries .
that had planted a seed of hate inside the boy that had grown over time .
or rather , we only have to find a reasonable scenario which will plant the seed of doubt in the minds of jurymen . '
and you were laundering the seed money for the deal . ''
after all , he was the liberator , planting the seeds of democracy everywhere he went .
then you allow a seed of hope to fosterthat she possesses the opportunity to avoid this imminent reality .
david should have realized that the first seed of doubt had been planted in matthews mind : inevitably , it would grow and start to cast a shadow over his happiness .
bernie had thought about joining the internal affairs unit to try to help weed out the few bad seeds that every profession was plagued with but then decided not to.-bernie had applied to the detective division for a transfer to that department because it was in that direction that his primary interests lay.-and he believed that his instincts and reasoning capabilities would be best used in that venue.-however , his captain preferred to keep him where he was and flat out refused his request for a transfer .
just as one story teller inspires another , so a true visionary can inspire the world we live in with the powerful seed of a fable .
its repugnant how she can be the seed of my psychologist and be so easily manipulated .
but despite his mental conditioning , andr felt seeds of panic setting in again .
and from that initial seed of hope , as they bonded closer and eban became part of andrs family , it was nt long before eban became the main symbol and focus in andrs mind for all aids patients .
it was only a two - second glimpse at her legs on one of the rare days that she wore sheer black stockings to work , but enough to at least give her the first seeds of an idea .
the pain is sharp , long and thin , burning down through his scalp like an ice pick to the very seed of his brain .
bob immediately regretted his joke , hoping he had not planted a seed he did not want to grow .
he was sitting on top of perhaps the greatest personal fortune in the world and now it was simply a matter of determining what he would do with it , though the seed had already taken root .
i feel no fear peculiarly enough , but it could be that i am so consumed with pity for all the casualties i have seen along my way that as yet i have not found time to allow the seeds of fear and doubt to take root in my head .
an allegation ivor had disputed as bitter jealousy on his associates behalf , but the seeds of doubt had been sown .
the seeds of hope to rise from the despair is this one of the psychologists ideas ?
it was the seed of these errors which germinated the compromise mary had spoken of in the message of akita , and which would lead to the eventual falling away from the universal faith prophesied by christ himself when he had asked whether or not anyone would even recognize him at the time of his return .
zacharys thailand data was much too informal to be used in the article though it was the seed that had paved the way for seven years of painstaking mice research , and so had served a crucial purpose .
and in jeffersons second term the seeds were planted for the federal governments policy of eradicating native americans from their own soil , genocide , said jasmine .
it seemed to zachary that if the capobianco and the thurmond affairs did not implant the seeds of cynicism within his mind then nothing would .
with their policies of exploitation , the whites have sowed seeds of hatred amongst the black people .
and in the breast of every saint , ill bet , there s still a seed of evil .
but even in those religions we see a seed of consistency .
that trip through the mall planted the seed in chillings mind .
she was fortunate in having the information presented to her when she did , a seed planted with that fluke trip on new years day , though even in this she feels less on the ball than maybe she should have been .
when fred started bashing joshs ex - wife , he was sowing a seed of disrespect that josh had fought hard to overcome .
carol believed that if she were able to warn a sleeping population of consumers and generate some initial awareness , perhaps she could plant the seed for tomorrows public outrage.she sincerely hoped this plan would work , and that people would listen .
the seeds of sibs were planted decades before its publication when i was writing and rewriting a short story about a unique form of sexual domination .
what he sought to grapple with was the idea of working together , in unity , as a one - world government when there clearly were seeds of distrust sewn into the fabric of such a weave -- because of rulers like jasper turpin .
the alien ships would delay long enough to sow the seeds of fear in man 's heart over his uncertain fate .
she found out later his father had been sowing the seeds of suspicion right from the start .
she might just assume some old women sometimes create suspicion in order to make their lonely lives more interesting , but the seeds of worry were growing .
there was nothing she could do to help , but the seeds of guilt were finding places to take root and grow .
somehow the seed of paranoia had been planted and now they were overrun with it .
but the word ' computer ' was like a seed of evil : in my mind , the true potential for disaster of such a weapon exploded like bomb .
a seed of trojan guilt .
i became aware of a small but threatening seed of a headache behind my left temple .
the seed will start assembling cells from the elements available in its surroundings .
sat down again , with the seed of a germ of a new theory in his mind .
during the war , he had been for a while resident director in switzerland , or ' schmidtland ' , as it had been known in the spy - jargon , and there he had helped sow the seeds of the sensationally successful but tragically misused ' lucy ' network .
quarrel was a tough man , but there was no reason to sow the seeds of fear .
the tiny seed of doubt would not go away .
in these cases the seed of the story seems to be an image rather than an idea , a mental snapshot so powerful it eventually calls characters and incidents the way some ultrasonic whistles supposedly call every dog in the neighborhood .
its seed money came from a chicago financier named mitzger , an american with dual israeli citizenship .
theirs was a spurious sort of peace , which contained the seeds of its own destruction .
- men who thought he was right before , and don'tfool yourself , they 're out there by the thousands.what 's mind - blowing is that there are a few dozenwith enough seed money to finance his and theirdelusions which , of course , they do n't see asdelusions at all , only as the proper evolution ofcurrent history , all other ideologies having failedmiserably . ''
' you told me you were interested in seed money for an e - commerce start - up . '
jonathan 's group had provided the seed money , just as jonathan had promised , and brought in the two partners .
then , only weeks after his parachute to safety , jonathan had presented another suggestion , which was n't a suggestion at all , but an order : provide seed money for treadstone .
the bond was strong ; it lasted for most of their lives , but ibrahim sever was a warrior at heart , farid icoupov an intellectual , and the seeds of discontent and mistrust must have been sown early .
whatever was said and however the brief , excited conversation was resolved , she had planted the seed .
` ` after the seed money of ten million was invested into this venture , another ninety million in cash was deposited over the next three years .
our collective assets are over a trillion dollars , sufficiently excessive seed money and spread out geographically to influence the power centers we represent .
the seeds of dissension had been sown , and into the mix had been added the demand for silence , an intolerable combination .
he did n't want peter 's murderers to discover he was in vienna , and , despite the seed of doubt that hoff man had planted , the likeliest assumption was that lenz was one of them .
but still , in the long dark of the night , surrounded by other people 's breathing and my own crushing fear , i ca n't stop the first seeds of doubt from creeping in .
devlin wiped the tears out of her eyes so she could see , tried but could n't stop herself from glancing through the peephole , saw it happening , knew instantly she never should have looked , that the sight of the small , fat man riding her mother was an image she would never expunge , and a deep seed of rage sprouted up in the pit of her stomach , swelling her throat , flooding her eyes .
mainly we discussed the developing mood of rebellion , the seeds of revolution floating on the breeze and how best to capitalize on the mood , because our colonials were growing more and more tired of new rules being enforced by the british parliament : the stamp act ; the revenue act ; the indemnity act ; the commissioners of customs act .
in doing so you 'll sow the seeds of peace , both for the region and for yourself .
they sow the seeds of discontent , hoping to lead you astray . '
we must sow the seeds of rebellion in their minds . ''
` ` and as long as there are pockets of borgia diehards , both here and in the papal states , there is still seed from which a borgia revival may grow . ''
` ` so if you will no ' tell me whatever malicious seed cassandra has planted , then do me the courtesy of walking with me awhile . ''
` ` i thought the en  glishman , he wanted only to spill his seed without caring for the woman 's pleasure . ''
but the seed of suspicion had been planted .
more than that was the feeling of utter hopelessness , a seed planted from long ago that she could barely rise above .
i carry a seed of darkness , even with destiny as my anchor , and the toxins sense it and feed as if in a frenzy . ''
he might have awakened her to his need , might even have planted the seeds of desire in her body before waking her , but she was no fledgling .
he thrust into john perkins 's mind , past the vampire 's control , and planted the seeds of destruction .
he sent her the reassurance even as he pushed deeper into the guard , planting more seeds of friendship .
the seeds of suspicion were growing , and she could n't suppress them .
he 'd been carefully sowing the seeds of his rebellion for most of his long life , secretly cultivating followers within the breed and making minions of any humans he felt could help carry out his twisted goals .
the seeds of a plan to do just that had been forming in her mind for the past few hours .
elsewhere in the world , wherever dragos had sown his seeds of revolt , the humans he owned would all die in a similar manner : abruptly , quietly , inexplicably .
sophronia asked , hoping to change the subject now that she had planted a seed of suspicion .
a seed of panic stirred in brynley 's chest .
marek had been feeding those seeds of discontent to the ancients for some time when all of his plans were thrown into a tailspin .
i thought it would be next to impossiblethat you would be so sure of the truth that i would have to lie through my teeth for hours to even plant the seed of doubt in your head .
you can sow the seeds of distrust everywhere , and lose yourself in an overgrown field . ''
you 're not evil like steve , but you carry the seeds of evil within you .
i did my best , nudged nations along the path to battle , sowed seeds of discontent everywhere i could , even helped get a few tyrants wrongfully elected to some of the most powerful positions on earth c i was sure those fine specimens would push the world to the brink !
` ` the seeds of this war with dragos were sown centuries ago , '' he said , as he and archer progressed up the white marble hallway .
but now that i have planted the seeds , you will start remembering many things , including the things these two men have in common with the man in your service now .
` ` it 's just seed money to get him on his way ... . '' ` ` have you gone crazy ? ''
as she cautiously peered upward , that familiar seed of anxiety started to seethe in her chest - the one that would n't stop growing until she was covered with sweat , shaking with fear , gasping for breath .
that oh - so - familiar seed of anxiety grew .
i shaved my face slowly , until it was perfectly smooth , and then , delving into the little cabinet behind the mirror , i found what i wanted - the little rubber sheaths that would keep her safe from me , from my planting a child within her , from this body giving her some other dark seed that might harm her in ways i could not foresee .
each of you has helped with that effort , either by providing the locations of the remaining members of our first generation or by supplying the cause with breedmates to carry the seeds of our revolution . ''
though there was n't necessarily a great war or determining battle , fate seemed to seed conflicts , pitting factions against each other .
sick as she was , she definitely contained the full flower of the seeds of beauty in esther .
i doubted blanco had thought ahead to what would happen to her now that mab was dead , but i had - and i 'd already sowed the seeds of discontent among the underworld .
if i did n't , i knew the tiny seed of fear and doubt dekes had planted in me would grow and grow until it crippled me , until i would n't be able to think of anything else but my failure to kill him and take back the confidence he 'd stolen , right along with my magic .
apollyon seized upon her unusual status to sow seeds of rebellion among ghouls in europe .
it had achieved its goal from the start - to seed unrest inside the pack , while ruining my life in the process .
knowing they could smell fear , she tried not to let the seed of that emotion grow any bigger .
especially now , when her faith that natasha and liam were still alive had shrunken to nothing but a tiny seed of hope .
or had the seed the little witch planted in her head sprouted and led her down that path ?
the seed of everything evil begins with self .
i am half werewolf , but that half lies dormant within me , a seed that never grew .
his indirect allegation planted a seed of doubt that i ca n't reject entirely , as much as i want to .
liss , julian , and i had spent the last few weeks spreading seeds of discord through the city , using the safe house as our den .
seeing hector slaughtered had destroyed whatever little seed of hope i 'd still carried deep inside me that there would be this wild , beautiful fairytale ending when it came to aiden .
i might have said more if shannon had n't planted the seeds of distrust in my mind .
he put seeds of doubt in my mind ... ` ` i shook my head .
the seed of destruction was planted , and the martis grew into a twisted version of what they were meant to be . ''
when rixon had told me patch was the black hand , he 'd planted a seed of doubt inside me that had swol en and blossomed with the worst kind of violation of trust , but it had n't choked me completely .
then there was the constant fighting , your jealousy over marcie , and patch 's card - which i drugged to toss in just one more seed of distrust .
the powers might wear off , but a seed of evil had been embedded inside me .
` ` if i had to guess , he 's been planting seeds about our relationship for days now .
gran had only recently planted the seed of juilliard in my head , but it had n't taken root .
it started deep down in his chest , a seed of rage .
yet in all those years hardly a day has gone by without my thinking of it with wonder and ever - blossoming dread , the awful dread of a child when the first seeds of disillusionment are planted .
but one carried the seed of perfidy in his heart - the lookout , i think , since he also carried the gun , which he used once the locked room was open . ''
he 'd planted the seed of that idea in my head and now that thing was growing as if someone had miracle - gro - ed the shit out of it .
all at once , she knew that the seed of friendship that had started to grow between them was probably lost forever .
but despite her protests , melissa had planted a seed of hope in her mind .
a small seed of worry began to throb in the pit of hanna 's stomach .
` ` logan , i forgot my seed money .
i ' ve got thirty - two hundred in seed money and only one night to race .
pugsy was far too busy luxuriating in extravagance to notice it , and although jill could have sown the seeds of his suspicion , she did n't .
our flesh is gone , but in our beings , seeds of our own doom remain .
anyway , avalon had planted the seed and my mistrust and rebellion started to grow .
the seed of an idea , the one i ' ve been trying to ignore , leaps into a fully fledged plan .
the hallway was choked with shouting kids , and the seed of a headache was splitting open and sprouting a razor - wire beanstalk in eureka 's brain .
since then , our mission has been to carry forward the seed of atlantis 's knowledge , so that its lessons will never be forgotten , its atrocities never be repeated .
i would have easily put her in her place by simultaneously hacking away at whatever facade of self - esteem she had and planted seeds of doubt that would plague her for years to come .
everything receded except the seed of pain inside her bicep .
he was joking , but there was a seed of honesty there .
now , as he stands there , waiting for the so - called akron awol to shut up , a seed starts to take root in starkey 's mind .
- - - each night , during ` ` the stork hour '' at the rec jet , starkey plants tiny seeds of discontent over games of pool and ping - pong .
shouts of ` ` leave him , '' and ` ` tranq him , '' and even ` ` kill him , '' spread through the crowd of cold springs unwinds , but the kids who knew him rise to his defense enough to spread at least a few seeds of doubt .
` ` maybe we can convince father to argue for us all to be made honorary seed people . ''
the four seed people at the stone table conversed privately .
he does not yet crave a war with the people of the seed .
` ` you 're a seed person , '' jason said .
` ` jasher was a seed person , '' jason gasped , sprinting toward the fallen warriors .
` ` sow the seeds of righteousness , '' jess murmured .
yet he - or maybe battle - had planted a seed , because bode realized something as they drove away and the house and barn dwindled to bright islands .
5 maybe a piece of her knew the truth or had listened to the seeds of doubt spider planted , because , at the very last second , she 'd thrown up her arms to shield her face .
i 'd like to say that even in those early images you could see the seeds of discord , but i 'd be lying .
` ` are seeds of hope , yes .
they bring seeds of hope to the surface , too .
` ` these are seeds of hope .
utilising google earth he then gave me quite a detailed run down on what it was actually like there , but i must say that my initial impression was nt that favourable , although a seed was sown in my mind .
he is a young man that ought to be brokering peace and sowing the seeds of understanding .
it took a lot to plant the seed of distrust into technology in the minds of large parts of the population but the first stone was thrown , the line had been cast .
in short , civilization was beginning to show the stress cracks wherein lay the seeds of its destruction .
primitive senses evolved organisms still had no concept of intelligence yet within them there developed the seed of the thing we call nature .
at this point in proceedings , when trust is fragile , it would be easy to plant the seeds of dissention without any need for fighting .
each day the guards continued to talk about the coming festival and the small snatches of overheard conversation gave slade the tiniest seed of a plan .
you will be creating there what we call : a seed .
you know , that ill be soon in the fighter pioneers seed settlemnet ?
so , he and jacque wrote a note , asking all the seeds guys to arrive together to dinner in the big huts mess ( dining room ) - at eight p.m. subject : discussion about a serious problem .
there he would begin the fireteam course for parachuters , emerging from the youth pioneering seeds .
humik was enlisted there as solitary private , according to the army regulations : he was not a part of a certain seed , that from it were many soldiers enlisted together to that course .
he cheated her twice , writing to her that he was still in the village seed .
these were the men who had probably planted the seed of rebellion in claudius mind to begin with .
but the seed of fear was deep sown , and had she but known it , tarzyn of the apes had laid the foundation for much future misery for herself and her tribe .
worse yet , she assured me , they carried with them the seeds of fever that wiped out whole cities .
the duchess has had many affairs of gallantry ; and if she has fostered her amours by promises of eternal constancy , she must likewise have sown the seeds of hatred by her eternal infidelities . '
i do nt know penelope , but fer some reason , it seems like i ve seed that machine thang afore , but this ca nt be so .
1999 wake up time the only real choice there s no ladder food for thought the log the secret world part 3 energies makes its own sauce legacy the lay of the land the end game a poem when thoughts are heard when words are said , a seed is sown inside your head , that seed becomes a dormant thought not chosen or contrived .
now his intrigue was aroused by the meaning of gold in the bigger picture , the seed which had planted itself in his mind way back in the northern mountains of nepal , the seed which had also planted itself in the heart of the planet during the forming of the universe .
these exiled , they were lying to sow seeds of doubt in his mind , of that much he was certain .
aemon had a power in his blood , the seed of the same power that the empress had .
but it is my belief that because you are also the son of the empress , you have the same seed of power in your blood that aemon had , allowing you to handle a sword originally paired exclusively to him , and to his power of healing .
i doubt if darin could have defeated him had there not been a seed of doubt in his heart concerning morgans trustworthiness .
in search of information about the unknown , this trip represents the seeds of history we ve sown .
although plot shifts come unexpectedly in this sequel , they fit seamlessly and grow out of some small seeds planted in the original story that never took root therein .
merovingian is another one of those seeds , as dumas referred to the youngest of those merovingians as the do nothing kings .
he was floating , drifted in a sea of numbing pain ; he rosefloated , drifted and rose into the blackness and that one distant light beckoning chapter 19 a seed of doubt morning watch , 27th may , 1940 .
his life , the lives of his crew and probably the lives of the entire flotilla depended on sowing that seed of doubt .
that s when sarrah planted the seed that got us going .
shawna had planted the seeds of rebellion by constantly bad - mouthing him to laura .
sharpentier had already begun to plant the seeds of blame on mackie and ryan , and the first mate believed it .
it did nt help her cause she went transparent a couple of times so when it finally appeared as though she was actually going to pull it off and the peasants were happy because they d proven to the mean old rich people they needed more food and were willing to do something about it the superiors got together , gave the peasants what they wanted and planted the seeds of doubt the person leading their rabble was , in reality , a witch who d achieved her glory through evil ways .
talk of honour was akin to talk of treason or heresy in pigafettas view , and just as empty , but by appointing alvaro de mesquita captain of san antonio , the captain general had sowed the seeds of further discontent .
they are probably planning on keeping it themselves , zabronski was quick to plant a seed of doubt in their minds .
even as she sensed the seeds of doubt forming , she pushed them aside .
here she sows seeds of hate - feeds them wild ideas well above their station .
he knew of stephanies desire to rule in her sisters place so had planted the seed which grew the heir .
the answer sanded through her nerves to leave a seed of a migraine along with a spark to set her temper on fire .
not unless you are ready to go but do nt you want to stay and grow for if you you ve found your love so true deciding to go will make her blue so hang around and have some fun dancing & prancing in the warm sun until that time just enjoy your life free from toil & undue strife seek the true love with whom to share a wonderful life without despair for we who have written this book you see have developed this love as true as can be peter cacciolfi , copyright 2012 within the pages of the worlds greatest love story houses the seed that germinated into the perfect relationship .
all plans therefore carry within them an inherent seed of failure , because not everything is considered .
from the seeds of the individual spirituality of men and women are religions of the world born .
the seed of love was planted during jack and jills first mission .
although the outcome was peaceful , and with significant bloodshed thereby avoided , the seeds had been laid for a coming revolution .
chapter 27 the seed of corruption there were many fights , ninas army had a plenty of spoils more than they could bear .
now , if mirriam would just find the necklace and put it on , it would lend credibility to the seed he just sowed .
it merely sowed the seeds of scepticism and the faithless grew .
tony felt bad for him because the idea to steal the gold from the confederacy to keep spain out of the war had been tonys ; a seed planted long ago and nurtured to fruition .
george nodded glumly , while a seed of apprehension sprouted in the kids brain , causing him to take a second look back .
never found out where his seed money came from .
death perhaps was looking at them , or had they already been infected , carrying the seeds of death within themselves ?
we need to look for the seeds of our disease .
welcome them and take joy that the seed of bogan has survived and so flourished .
and though they capitulate and do their work , i see in their eyes seeds of rebellion .
the clever couple even planted a seed that was too entertaining to dismiss : that one of their children could one day inherit both kingdoms , uniting the mongol and siamese empires .
short of any such mishap occurring , we knew he 'd sow the seeds of greed , dissension , fear and chaos , as he screamed out his ` ` discoveries '' all the way from the settlement 's edge to the harbour .
as we flitted among these people , like a little demon , i planted seeds of doubt into whatever minds porous enough to allow such ideas to take root .
i found in her the seed of a desperate , burgeoning belief in the horus , her last shred of hope .
no matter how much i do to prove otherwise , that seed of suspicion is always going to be there .
he 'd planted the seed of doubt , now he had to feed it enough suspicion to see it grow .
she felt a small seed of pity in the pit of her heart .
maris confidence was contagious , and echo allowed herself a small seed of hope .
his plans for seizing citadel ruler ship were only a seed then , germinating in his mind , but the seed was there and he nurtured it every chance he could .
his plans for seizing citadel ruler ship were only a seed then , germinating in his mind , but the seed was there and he nurtured it every chance he could .
a seed of fear sprouted in the belligerent ground of his remorseless world .
` ` well , '' leah said , ` ` for us as a group , it all started at a ren fair ... '' the lyrics : shhh come closer i ve got something for you to hear hey take it easy i m not someone for you to fear misunderstood is what i ve been haunted by my troubled past done some things i d later regret stuck with a reputation that will always last i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people and crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun refrain : i m a bad seed i ve done things ill never admit i m a bad seed i ve never known when to quit done lots of things to lose peoples trust done plenty of things at the time i thought was a must do nt give me that look like i m pulling your leg i know i m being evasive and extremely vague i m not trying to admit to anything specific just saying i ve done things i thought were terrific refrain i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people or crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun track 9 - calm before the storm the interview : bryan : well , this song made the adult contemporary chart .
` ` well , '' leah said , ` ` for us as a group , it all started at a ren fair ... '' the lyrics : shhh come closer i ve got something for you to hear hey take it easy i m not someone for you to fear misunderstood is what i ve been haunted by my troubled past done some things i d later regret stuck with a reputation that will always last i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people and crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun refrain : i m a bad seed i ve done things ill never admit i m a bad seed i ve never known when to quit done lots of things to lose peoples trust done plenty of things at the time i thought was a must do nt give me that look like i m pulling your leg i know i m being evasive and extremely vague i m not trying to admit to anything specific just saying i ve done things i thought were terrific refrain i may have done wrong throughout my time may have crossed some people or crossed some lines i m a bad seed deemed that way for what i ve done i m a bad seed yet it was all done out of fun track 9 - calm before the storm the interview : bryan : well , this song made the adult contemporary chart .
the key is to root for the seed of truth in the tale , let it blossom and learn the lesson it teaches .
the seed of doubt has been planted in lucias mind .
let me tell it plainly : i believe the zyranians have taken an evil path and are working to sow seeds of wickedness in our lands .
it hovered in the shadows , whispering and planting seeds of treachery within the thoughts of the gnome , sometimes sending images into his mind 's eye .
she was once told that , when he had a bit too much to drink , scarr whispered admissions of knowing that the champion had gifted him with not one , but two warriors from the seed of his heritage .
he replied after a significant pause , the rumors contain a seed of truth .
he had seen the seeds of wild - magic in her that night in coonor four years ago .
this is why i existto relish the refined , to surround myself with the height of mans aesthetic achievements , to be a living example of how one should live , and live to guide others it is enough , thought zofiya , to have planted a seed .
i watched the insidious seed of doubt began to sprout in agent liams throat worked as he tried to swallow .
he planted the seed , the very germ of the idea that you would ask for jawen with taus cup .
he had been driven mad by his lust to possess the darklight and had to be stopped just as eldread had driven elgora mad by planting a seed of doubt in her mind .
the seed of the destruction of the evil queen started as soon as she came into power but many generations had to pass before the fabled one came to be .
thomas had sown the seeds for unification , for a united rebellion and all that was needed now was leaders ; champions who could use that combined hatred against the king to forge a new land and a new beginning .
the subject was dropped but a seed had already been planted in my mind .
but a tiny seed of doubt had been planted .
i then ran to henris room and prayed that my fears would be unfounded and that i had misunderstood , but the seeds of doubt had been planted .
i focused and stirred the dark seed within , and reservoirs of energy came to me .
for all that we had gone through , i did not wish to plant a seed of untruth between us .
and while lurking quietly in this tangle of worries , wixelor was suddenly convinced that the dreaded object , despite its tiny size , was indeed the seed of all devastation ; it was the rune of death .
there the seeds of the image grew into large dark phantoms .
these are dark times , where evil looks to plant the seeds of self - doubt in the hearts and minds of the good .
yet i am he who planted the seeds of that bitterness , and long have they been watered oer these ten years with the nourishment of anger , and so have they ripened as bitter fruit upon a tree of thorns , so grown to keep hands that may hurt from plucking them again .
i admit it now : victoria and ray have sown a seed in my mind .
but , however foul the beast of man may arise , he still bears the seed of love .
neither tindal nor mazak questioned the seer , but both held still the slightest seed of unbelief .
he explained how judarius and his seed , the wicked galtare , along with jagare who followed , had warriors : the gottlos , evil creatures which some claimed used to be men ; and the ubils , evil spirits which were able to persecute men unseen .
he had to admit , though , a seed of nervousness had taken root inside of him when he left his home in nearby dehry township that day .
they are already sowing seeds of defiance in other cities .
the church paid me handsomely for my achievement , the seed which my empire sprouted from , but they disavowed all knowledge of my new quest , leaving it to fade into the gloom of history and myth .
he knew alaina had only kissed him because of the threat of imminent death , but he hoped that the kiss was the seed of something more .
yet it ca n't return completely ; a seed of what i ' ve just experienced will be with me forever .
you ll recall , journey could channelwas half - aysha and half - vaydemshe came from my matriarch - body and from the seed of his highest majesty , vaydemic shaman lukas quinton .
but there was one thing , a seed of a thought planted in his mind ever since he d been told that he was coming to domremy city .
but the seeds of corruption lie everywhere .
more importantly , anyone who creates a rival force is missing the point : they are planting the seeds of civil war , instead of working to avoid it .
why is your garden full of death and shriveling , and why have you planted in my soul , the seeds of good and seeds of evil together , so that i must be an enemy , even to myself ?
why is your garden full of death and shriveling , and why have you planted in my soul , the seeds of good and seeds of evil together , so that i must be an enemy , even to myself ?
the god uttered a single sentence : crime contains the seeds of its own redemption !
this is the fruit we receive from the seed of prejudice and ignorance .
she hated the seed of doubt that kizira - a medb witch priestess quinn had history with - had planted in evalle 's mind about him .
the idea that i would embarrass him was ludicrous ... and yet his words planted a seed of doubt in me .
he said he knew that i was struggling , but he saw in me the seeds of a great shadowhunter .
` ` well , i earned you a great deal of that seed money , '' i reminded him .
one day it will be the seed of a new universe .
' we all seed ' i m !
there is a seed of courage hidden ( often deeply , it is true ) in the heart of the fattest and most timid hobbit , wailing for some final and desperate danger to make it grow .
together , they watched the seed of hope they 'd cast to the winds .
this might have been the first seed that made even his oldest friends begin to question his leadership .
' of a truth never has such evil again been done in valinor , ' said lindo , ' but melko 's hand has laboured at worse things in the world , and the seeds of his evil have waxen since to a great and terrible growth . '
iluvatar had set a seed of music in the hearts of all that kindred , or so vaire saith , and she is of them , and it blossomed after very wondrously , but now the song of gwendeling 's nightingales was the most beautiful music that tinwelint had ever heard , and he strayed aside for a moment , as he thought , from the host , seeking in the dark trees whence it might come .
that was the first sorrow of the solosimpi , that after were many ; but iluvatar in memory of thingol set a seed of music in the hearts of that folk above all kindreds of the earth save only the gods , and after , as all story tells , it blossomed wondrously upon the isle and in glorious valinor .
grief for the loss struck , and fear , a terrible fear for the tiny seed of want in her for what he offered .
in that time the valar brought order to the seas and the lands and the mountains , and yavanna planted at last the seeds that she had long devised .
now the unrest of the noldor was not indeed hidden from the valar , but its seed had been sown in the dark ; and therefore , since feanor first spoke openly against them , they judged that he was the mover of discontent , being eminent in self - will and arrogance , though all the noldor had become proud .
thus morgoth learned much of all that had befallen since the rebellion of feanor , and he rejoiced , seeing therein the seed of many dissensions among his foes .
yet the lies that melkor , the mighty and accursed , morgoth bauglir , the power of terror and of hate , sowed in the hearts of elves and men are a seed that does not die and can not be destroyed ; and ever and anon it sprouts anew , and will bear dark fruit even unto the latest days .
he could feel the power draining out of him and the seeds of fear beginning to grow .
and yet the seeds of personality within him must be the same .
and on top of that , i gave them the seed of possibility that one day , they might be named king . ''
` ` but there is no denying that i have the seeds of evil inside me .
your own father planted the seeds of doubt in the afterlife , which is why he is still here . ''
she faced the captain again , which made her angry , at herself for the seed of hope shed allowed .
it was from here that the townshend , stamp , and intolerable acts had come , inciting and fanning the seeds of rebellion that had torn boston apart .
she looked up , and nick felt desire surge through his veins as he watched the seed of hope flicker in her eyes .
their emphasis on the worth of the individual was undoubtedly the seed that put political power into the hands of the people , but you have n't seen xerxes ' army .
xerxes won a battle , but planted the seeds of his own destruction . ''
symmes , by his inflated , half - imaginary account , had unwittingly sown the first seeds of the east india company .
she did nt know what to make of this offer , but it did plant a seed of hope in her mind .
for the rest of that year and most of the next , 1796 , i was involved in correspondence correspondence with ireland where i found i was pretty much able to run the activities of the now underground united irishmen , and with france ( through adet ) where i was gradually getting the feel of the post terror administration and sowing the seeds which i hoped would grow into french support for a successful united irishmen rising .
i have no doubt that it was on those days that the seeds of retribution were planted that would lead to the future destruction of so many lives .
he wished very eagerly to demostrate to them and to himself his rhymes capability and poetic talent : oh , judah , gods chosen seed .
it was this humbling act of submissive obedience that was seed to jareds character .
she speaks again , her voice at once ancient , prophetical , oracular , the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church .
fatefully , the seed was planted in early caged dreams : i am not your body !
the seeds of mistrust had been sown and allowed to flourish , to undermine the latest effort to free ireland from englands stranglehold .
they do nt want your side of things to get out and sow seeds of doubt .
better that the jury be hung instead and seeds of doubt sown in the minds of the citizens before a second trial could get underway .
* * * the team of doctors who were called to refute the expert testimony of the state either put everyone to sleep or sowed a few seeds of doubt in the thick skulls of the jury .
the seeds of your appeal have been sown in every field , mr . coughlin , and i have presented the evidence to judges and lawyers in ways not possible in a courtroom .
the seed of forgiveness that sprouted in mackies heart that morning shriveled by the time he walked out of the coughlin home in the early morning darkness on july 7 , 1899 , his farewell the sound of a woman keening .
intrigued , encouraging the conversation , pike felt the seed of an idea sprout full grown when a local man told of a mining camp setting up operations in the same ravine , six families totaling twenty people including wives and children who simply disappeared after a week of panning .
the human seed .
the old , rank dirt was buried below the fresh soil that had been turned , and in this fresh soil he had sown the seeds of renewed relationships and thought processes .
last i seed of him , said luke , he was firing that old colt hogleg from behind the big oak .
table of contents prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 : valentina chapter 9 chapter 10 : valentina chapter 11 : valentina chapter 12 : valentina chapter 13 : valentina chapter 14 : valentina chapter 15 : valentina chapter 16 : valentina chapter 17 : valentina chapter 18 : valentina chapter 19 chapter 20 : valentina chapter 21 : valentina chapter 22 : valentina chapter 23 chapter 24 : valentina chapter 25 : valentina chapter 26 : valentina chapter 27 : valentina chapter 28 : valentina chapter 29 : valentina chapter 30 : valentina chapter 31 chapter 32 : valentina chapter 33 : valentina chapter 34 : valentina chapter 35 : valentina chapter 36 : valentina chapter 37 chapter 38 : valentina chapter 39 : valentina chapter 40 : valentina chapter 41 : valentina chapter 42 : valentina chapter 43 : valentina chapter 44 chapter 45 : valentina chapter 46 : valentina chapter 47 : valentina chapter 48 : valentina chapter 49 : valentina chapter 50 : valentina chapter 51 : valentina chapter 52 : valentina chapter 53 : valentina chapter 54 : valentina chapter 55 : valentina chapter 56 chapter 57 : valentina chapter 58 : valentina chapter 59 chapter 60 in the seeds of yesterday lay the foundations for today .
` ` oh , this is our elizabethan look for christmas , '' said selena , showing off her velvet split over - skirt and matching bodice sleeves done in royal blue , which looked stunning against the pretty array of seed pearls in her hair .
but it was too late , he had planted a seed of hope in john 's mind and the boy was already rushing from the galley to the common room .
` ` it was in my mind to give it to the widder farley iffen the lawd seed fit to spare her from that fire , '' the preacher stammered as he handed the pouch over .
i hope you do , added walsingham , in a similar tone , its important that your role as the number one playwright remains unsullied , and that christopher remains in france and italy sending us back information , and occasionally sowing the seeds of foment amongst the city - states .
her instruments could conciliate , manage , inform and misinform ; sowing the seeds of distrust between the cities , keeping them all off balance .
it can hardly be expected that when the violence of sickness has used its influence , and the seeds of disease have so long preyed upon me , that i can rise before this congregation , only in weakness .
he knew the power of wolfsbane and had driven the dagger deep into galerens side , but he was now left with a seed of doubt .
but i ve seed it too .
the best lies were always the ones harvested from a seed of truth .
cege was deeply disturbed by the movie , but nonetheless a seed was planted that night .
as undergraduates at the university of texas the siblings had produced a series of equations which , they felt certain , contained the seeds of a new science they called cognitive chaos .
` ` i think the humans have done something to us or themselves , to help resist our seed . ''
its seed money for saving mankind .
poes command of the hypnogogic and the macabre is a powerful influence , a dark seed as author john langan has said while lecturing on poe .
i do nt know if shell go for it , though , natassia said , trying to put in a seed of doubt into charlies dangerous hopes .
within a few days , the brief suggestion planted a seed in kelly 's mind that quickly grew into a strong desire to live in mapleview .
so the traveller asked no more of far things , but bided her time till she might talk with those strange women from cold and twilight inquanok who are the seed of such gods as carved their features on ngranek .
and it is your idea behind it all , your imagination laying the seeds for the world to grow .
there was a deep root , invisible to the common eyes deadly , but immense and powerful to his / her eyes of occultist , that it inexorably dragged them toward the origin of an atavistic seed that surprised their molecules to immediately recognize , as if they belonged to an only entity .
you / he / she had followed the elderly one as a rape his / her magic piper and now , of sudden , it waked up again him from that spellbound numbness , from that seeds irresponsibility that you / he / she had already wound him / it in the moment in which you / he / she had warned the sign of the death draw near to him .
but , a seed of worry grew in him that he could no longer ignore ; it had him following second hand directions through empty streets on his own , his rifle and a rolled up schematic in hand .
charles mentally cursed himself at the stupidity of disclosing his plans , and even though it was simply intended as a flippant retort to his brothers goading , it had obviously planted a seed of paranoia deep within his mind .
it could not be hidden ; it begged for release , as if the strange man had planted the seed in my head that could not grow until i revealed the planter .
the journal contains some interesting observations that are plainly seeds of ideas that would appear later in his books , like war of the planets .
initially , he had envisioned a grand scheme , with the ransom money as seed for a larger , wider plot ; but he admitted underestimating the police , and the abhorrence of a public unused to having its laws flouted- outraged at the audacity of one man to live as he pleased .
when lance lost his first job due to corporate downsizing , it planted the seeds of their marital downfall .
serit looked at the bow and again the cringe overtook him , the look of a man who knows the answer is maybe , but does not wish to plant such dangerous seeds of hope in a young and foolish mind .
` ` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' i said , feeling that seed of warmth in my stomach .
however , there was a seed of doubt inside his heart , small , but tenacious nonetheless .
you say bullshit but i know there is a seed of belief .
he had to plant a seed of truth in this guys head .
- benjamin disraeli seeds of faith are always within us ; sometimes it takes a crisis to nourish and encourage their growth .
he swallowed the explanation and eve planted a seed , not the sort of thing you want to make the newspaper is it ?
i might have always had the seed of faith but until i experiencedwhat i experienced , it did nt have a chance to take root .
for the first time a seed of confidence took root in him .
it was just a small idea , but malcolm already had the seed of what he was going to do .
having no faith , he had planted a seed in you long , long before that day .
` ` you said that the devil had planted a seed in me long ago , how ... when ... surely i would recall such a moment ? ''
` ` the first seed he planted was to make her unable to bear children , he knew your strong desire for an heir .
so he planted a seed of illness within her instead , an illness that would slowly and painfully drain the life from her , and also put her faith to the test as she waited to die . ''
she suddenly leaped at him with that limber ferocity , and although he felt certain she meant to hurt him as she had before , possibly because she could n't get at the dirty birdie of a scriptwriter who had cheated rocket man out of the hudson before it went over the cliff , he did not move at all - he could see the seeds of her current instability in the window of past she had just opened for him , but he was also awed by it - the injustice she felt was , in spite of its childishness , completely , inarguably real .
and the worst was that a seed of doubt had been planted stupid .
the seeds of a doubt had been sown .
those first three weeks in 2006 , spent touring india on a student visa , feeling one day like a visiting professor on sabbatical and the next like a clueless western tourist , had sown the seeds for the business venture that was now paying his rent , and providing a level of excitement in his 2008 workaday routine he d never before even dreamed of .
this is what i desire # # # part ii the mirror chapter 6 find the seeds of dark discord so commands my twisted lord they writhe beneath a tender skin and sprout they will at conflicts whim tarasque the golden chalices could not have been more glorious with their intricate designs and precious stones .
sow the seeds of doubt in their minds , added barney .
they are seeds planted in the mind .
the seeds of antipathy for our hero had been planted in her heart .
they would have sown the seeds of doubt .
the visibility remained good , but there was a feeling in arnold matsons unconscious mind which had altered ; in the way , one would suspect , a mountaineer cogitates with a seed of doubt as to whether he should try for the summit by nightfall or simply make base camp and await the relative safety of a new morning .
the impossibility of the situation plants an awful , inescapable seed into the mind of the holy man .
in planting the slightly untrue seed in tims head that he might lose kipto , and in turn , lose a large amount of face in his presentation that afternoon , was enough to get dave the opportunity he needed .
physiologically speaking , a few electrical impulses inside her brain and the seeds of hate and destruction were successfully sown .
now that was a statement that planted the first seed of serious doubt that jill and i were destined to be together .
that seed of serious doubt was now rapidly germinating .
the seed of doubt had grown into a sapling , and the time - lapsed photography was still in play .
i had just witnessed a seed of doubt grow to the size of one of the redwoods in my back yard .
chapter 5 seeds of the production the four retired dancers sat on the edge of the stage at the hall , eating scones and drinking tea .
kristen was quite upset over hearing the things that kolb was saying about her , but at least the seed of doubt over his apparent awesomeness was planted in her head .
we have come to suspect that this view may contain the seeds of our own destruction as we now understand that humanity is the cause of one of the greatest mass extinctions of species in earths historys the mass extinction of species that it has led to .
century , that this view contains the seeds of our own destruction as .
theodore used quotes from the secret often to make his point , but whenever he spoke about thought seeds , he liked to use a quote by cynthia occelli : for a seed to achieve its greatest expression , it must completely come undone .
now that i had planted the thought seed i knew that i must believe that i already had my dream woman in my life , so as i walked back along the beach , i started to pretend that i was walking and conversing with her .
so we went to the beach , held hands , and gave deep sincere thanks to rhonda byrne and her contributors for planting the thought seeds to make the secret readily available to ordinary folk like us .
i poured myself another whisky and sat myself down at one of the tables and realized that my thought seeds had created this scenario .
the more i thought about it , the worse it became , because i kept seeing more police cars than was usual on my drive home , and i knew that my paranoid thought seeds were producing them .
although she did nt blame me for any of it , i had to correct her and tell her that i had laid thought seeds for power and respect , and that is why we were now in this predicament .
i left that bar feeling invigorated that my thought seeds had been manifested in the world , yet again .
i then decide to nurture an image of humility and health from healthy thought seeds .
chapter 37 this was good , a new identity , my mind went wild with ideas of what i could do with my thought seeds now .
my thought seeds began to visualize revenge , and so i started to plant them in very fertile ground .
anyway , such were the seeds of demo 's future life of gangsterism , and academic adventurism .
and it was here in this unflattering spot where the first seed of resistance sprouted kind of poetic in an ironic sort of way .
sure , quin said , looking directly at the screen in front of him , a small seed of annoyance beginning to grow somewhere deep inside him .
he decided on a gradual disinformation campaign on hedinsands handling of ir , the seed of which could be scattered at the seminar in the presence of other local councillors .
spreading the gospel of seed funding , angel investment , connectedness culture , nature , nurture , and the organic exploitation of the masses .
and the seeds of his planting grew into a mighty trilogy .
she said , the seed of an idea spurting in her mind .
although so far as i can recall , no response came from either of my parents , the memory of those childishly but viciously prejudicial charges against al smith and his wife planted the seed which blossomed into a recognition that my parents , who considered themselves decent folks , and were good methodist christians , were also anti - catholic bigots .
chads idea of planting a seed in him to get his adolescent alienation directed outward to useful purposes that would help him grow into maturity was just the first step .
the seeds of doubt .
judiths arrival was to take place some hours after the others had leftan effort to show rachel she had not been abandoned , to sow the seed that there would be comings and goings .
and then they grew this seed of knowledge themselves .
and the more positive image that you keep in your mind , the quicker the growth of the seed of love .
and yet , if he lowered his face to hers , finding her nose with his own , scherzo could see that the moths were in reality hosts of tiny globes , each a dancing sphere of potential , the seed of exploded stars , cells dividing green or grey where they fell , on metal of organic culture ...
perhaps she was lonely , and these were possibly fertile grounds for the seeds of a new friendship .
conversations with brad had sowed seeds of doubt .
for many years gene had considered that one of the most interesting but delicate aspects of his work was planting the seeds that would lead to a companys management to want his advice and become willing to pay for it .
that night during dinner , a dinner which consisted of roasted pork tenderloin , rice pilaf and a green salad with four colors of tomatoes , maryellen planted the seed by making up a conversation that jeannine and she had had about how the profits they made from the sale of yarn , needles , patterns and classes was almost exceeded by the appreciation of their unit , assuming the new assessment was correct .
the first lesson is that we do have unique talents and abilities , or gifts ; but more importantly , we need to come to a realization of what those gifts are ; of what seeds we have inside us .
the reason we need to realize what our personal seeds are is because of all that needs to get done in the world .
for some , social work was their seed .
even if she did nt confess to any wrongdoing , i had at least sown a seed of suspicion to root between her temples .
did they not yet sow a seed of trepidation at your souls core ?
an unbridled man hunched before me now , borne from a chemical seed and flowered by the repression of his primordial instincts .
miles dug deep down for the strength to uproot all seeds of hope regarding a continued existence of any kind for ashley or catherine .
but try as he might , steve still could nt rid himself of those last few seeds of uncertainty that seemed to be endlessly sprouting in his mind .
steve felt a small seed of hope begin to sprout within him as he thought it looked like miles was perhaps going to make it to the water before allan elliott caught up to him , which meant they might have time to swing their boat back towards the island and rescue him .
by their long - standing example , by locking themselves away from the world , by denying men their earth - given right , others now follow , resisting the seed , hiding from it , cowering from it , denying in turn other men their earth - given right .
then said : we are the seed of the earth .
we will punish those who taint or whose aim it is to mask , suppress , or prevent the seed .
ramin was a northern patriarch of the seed of the father , a sprawling union of hunters dedicated to the planting of the seed .
ramin was a northern patriarch of the seed of the father , a sprawling union of hunters dedicated to the planting of the seed .
followers of kristus hid in caves , or stone monasteries resembling caves , where they pledged to ascend the rising of the seed , the storm .
at the end of this impressive list of side - effects , patanjali again warns : by giving up these powers , the seed of evil is destroyed and liberation follows .
harry opened the book again , and read : by giving up these powers , the seed of evil is destroyed and liberation follows .
i ' ve planted a seed of jealousy within kara that will either bring her back into my arms or force her to move even further away than iowa .
the guilt of not being able to do anything more for her and for that uncomfortable seed of knowledge which germinated that summer on this island , that i do not like my mother very much .
it made me nervous , lizzie , an edgy little seed planted in me that grew as the baby grew in you , spoiled my pleasure so that i could only watch yours and worry .
but , as in the history of other religionsespecially islamovert and official opposition to the faith managed to produce a result in exact opposite to the intended purpose , and , in the epigram of the north african church father tertullian , the blood of the martyrs became the seed of the church .
chapter vii and he ca nt read through the music and he saw the baker whose daughter had died of consumption and the landlady whose brother had died in an early skirmish with the turks and the amateur composer whose wife had died in siberia after proclaiming dubious politics in suspect articles in questionable journals and they all rejoiced and the baked and the landed and the composed danced with their arms entwined and their room spun and he hurt in their ears and he tried a story below them to contain their jubilation in a spilt drop of ink but in the end the writer is not even allowed to live in his writing and the spiller can not hide in his spill though it be dark as a murder and the man of the east can not take partygoers or any other revellers seriously he feels they are actively missing the point the apical engorged point for want of imagination no less a wilted ostentation than that and their joy no rather the contentedness of reasonably happy reasonably fucked up people is a refusal of interpretation and their reasonable affable practicality combed as it is in pink utiles the yoke and the mute of fat pink flesh their practicality is a closing of the eye and from the primacy of practical reason it was always only a step to an hatred of theory and in a culture as theirs there is a bale on storytelling and a quiver in the obstinacy for resolution the skulk and the hiding from the unkindness that read down atop the tablets the husk reared on the stone of the tablets and its descent into the inevitables of the mind its murmuration into the ears of the cry of possibility the leap of understanding that all is not to their pride reason was not a monologic absolute there was always a mouth speaking reason and that mouth was the leash and the truth of reason was in its speaker in his mouth he has an amazing mouth in his gaze in his electric and in the ascension there are no ideas in themselves and in the descent an idea is always somebodys idea and the clutching of the neck of the reasonspeaker and the cowardice overflying the creak and the sloth of the ideationist there was a family of suffering in their immanency and mouths can be stuffed and bodies can be brought into the crash and the bloat of flesh behind reason and the bouquet of larval flesh behind ideas its richness and implausibility these their temporal drift and the intrusion of their decay flesh can be stopped ideas are not immortal merely persistent they are ugly creatures insinuating themselves under the skin and theirs a venereal kindle and their call of ideas their song unsmotherable in flesh untrampled in lamentation unanswerable in kind ideas can not be reasoned with the flesh of men their barren bed and from fleshs death reason draws light feeding on its godgiven flesh even as it dies symbiotically with its prey or rather male man mating with reasons praying mantis the history of ideas littered with signposts of phosphorescent cadavers and so because of death because death is metaphysics circulus vitiosus circulus otiosus fleshs search for truth mans search outside the clamour of reason and its strangled parliaments is a spiritual quest of no finality no aspiration to end no not merely intellectual the quest for truth truth was infinite the intellect was not and flesh could only grasp specks of it reflections in the spectral ice liquefied of broken mirrors and aliquis flesh always longed for times when truth was not so far not enshrined in its own transcendence in childhood yes childhood and a word from the father a word from the mother sufficed to place a lid on the fleshs universe and with the names of objects flesh was given their truth and as the flesh grows and races the father dies away runs off into the crepitation of a dark hallway and can impart no more no nothing merely the viscidity of mumbles down his beard and truth is not given any longer and flesh seeks a truthgiver and god of course is the terminal surrogate father but one who also is capable of abandonment gods abandonment of truth and the flesh seeks truth yearns for its warmth and its light even if it must burn its own meleagrian brand to ignite the truth and in russia the truth of russia was togetherness was love of hearth and family or so the flesh was incessantly told and he was told that god gave one family peoples so that one could through them learn how to love and such were the mythic origins of family and in them the origins of truth and all this all so distant was simply imprinted into the browncoats flesh and his struggles and his myopia in the bright rooms of his childhood where he was taught greek and testament and mental hygiene but of course even then before or perhaps after thought itself had become hygiene he knew he riddled that the brightest rooms are the secret domains of fces and the dances above him were unbearable and he left his room and took to the street and two minutes in the browncoat saw an overturned hackney - carriage and there were four people inside and they had not been able to revert to verticality for lack of space and their heads still pointed downwards and their feet fought against the floor which was now roof and their bodies writhed diagonally and they were trying to get out but the doors were stuck and whenever the passengers put their hands out through the small windows to try to unlock the doors from without the driver who was perched atop the bottom of the carriage now serving as its roof and whenever the driver saw an hand snaking out of the windows he would snap at the hand with his whip as hard as he could and he appeared never to miss and the hand would be forced to withdraw and another hand would try again on the other side and sometimes hands were put out on both sides of the carriage so as to divide and lessen the drivers attention but his instincts were swift and his execution impeccable and the passengers were screaming and pushing and kicking against each other like dogs of war caged before a conflict with enemies riding elephants and there was no room inside them and the men became stuck in the womens elaborate dresses not fit for such travel mens greasy feet upward their tired cunts and they all needed to get out and even when all four passengers let all their hands their hands already marked corroded and dripping skin and sacrificed inflame their hands point outward at the same time they did not manage to progress at all in the unlocking of the faulty doors for the driver was restless and the blades of his whip everywhere and the hands retreated in instinct but the driver never missed and the browncoat would have liked to watch this awhile but unfortunately the two horses who were being crushed as well under the hold - back and in a torturous position they were bleating their gleaming impertinent suffering into the street also and the blare aged intolerable and the browncoat left the street and he had heard recently abducted neighbours discuss a new american fair spiked onto the outskirts of moscow and since he never had any ideas he drifted into the carnival and entered the funhouse and behind him at the entrance a clown in poor makeup was playing of course his violin and the two sets of chords violin and fiddle immixed hungrily like a couple of essentially straight young women magnetized into mutual exploration and of course someone slammed the door behind him and there was but little light inside the funhouse tunnel most of it greedily farmed by the subitaneous dark through the cracks in the thin wooden walls the outside crashing against the thinnest of walls and foaming off again and then as the browncoat walked on he walked and recoiled into a chandelier a low - hanging grand chandelier of rusty axes and mausers and leeenfields and the wooden handles of the axes and the muzzles of the mausers were alight and the browncoat could see that this was a much fatter room than the slides he had passed through to get here and the walls did not look thin and rickety and uncombative as before and despite the light from the chandelier he could not see or remember whence he had come which entrance tunnel nor could he see where he could proceed how he could move forward so the browncoat circles the room and tested the walls and it was not such a large room the circumference was only ten seconds long but he kept missing the connecting tunnels there appeared to be no connecting tunnels and then the brownback tired of walking and sat down under the chandelier and the axe blades rustled and silvered against each other and they sang like a womans voice he was thinking he heard it like a song of escape and opening and the womans song soon perished as did the rustling and brownback thought woman after all is a sometime thing but such a slave of limits of reasonable restricting rules of collaborative social and moral intelligence and perpetuator of denial the murder of self selfhood to serfdom and he the browncoat would sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires but that of course was only an hypothetical he had never had a desire in his conscious life nothing beyond satisfying the amoral physical necessities food air drink masturbation and neither man nor woman had been inside his desire and such as he was desireless he was an inhabitant of the empyrean of sorts not polluted by the convolutions of desire of the psyche a clean expanse before the unconscious and before the moral but of course man had been there may have been there in the prior many have speculated of eden and its philosophy and the fall of course was caused by eve copulating with the serpent for such was womans blood even in the starkest numinous vapidity ( of perfection ) she could find hope dig and claw the interesting out of the tedium an archologist of the entrenched platitude such was woman at her best but after her finest moment she seemed to shrink grew small under her own psychoses and madame for the most played no more and acquired rather expertise at refereeing away from the game and referees are abominated by one and all and as the game changed neither did woman and christ himself the fattest elephant sideways took much after his mother and in so far he was one of the worst of men and outside drowning in a roman well archologists always risk dying moles dying as moles and even so woman and mankind for all their cracked old skin were metaphysical creatures illegible pathic instances of specious apologetics serpent reasonings scuppered theodicies but so prevalent the fatty layers in the human the browncoat could not stop thinking him the human in his the browncoats dark under the chandelier and loath as he was for most introversion the browncoat intuited that his real loathing and his the browncoats real fear is of anything in the plural but insight was cheap and mass reproducible and the browncoat could track no plurality no windy multitudes in his aloneness and solitude was insomnia not the brooding adult insomnia of bike rides across the province but the babys nauseous insomnia the methodical rational trituration of others sleep and of others dare he he dare selfhood through shaking and making the dark ones toy and solitude and the plurals only lesson he the browncoat had ever drawn from plurals was the mathematically fixated il faut tre conome de son mpris tant donn le grand nombre de ncessiteux and the browncoat tracked the dust of the ground with his finger and found many small rocks and he thought rocks were good solid things to have in situations such as his and consequently filled his pockets with them and when all his pockets were reasonably full he picked up the last rock he could find around him without having to relinquish his seating stance to crawl around and look for more rocks under the chandelier and the browncoat threw this last his 37th rock into the air and it turned into a bird a real bird of wings and claw and flew away and flew straight into the chandelier of axes and died hacked to death by its own impetus and the fierce quality of the rocks suicide forced itself on the browncoat like closed mouth vomit one has to swallow again for ones inordinate fear of making a mess below downwards where only cowards gaze no eyes below and he remembered that pleasant fulfilled dreams and thoughts of uncastrated loft are actually as rare as happy music music of the very real and endless sheets flowing white and needless every inch a slave and were the lost feathers floating down on him and sticking to his lips in the vacillating cohesion of newly drawn blood were these feathers art had he made art by investing the room with death for after all every work of art is an uncommitted crime a blushing crime that preserves not him the artist but mens impossibilities and was art so very different from his isolation from the crushing of him by the funhouse asserting itself as a painter in need of fresh pigments dried of the ground browncoat and in the last couplet always the downfall of art itself is perennial the goal of every work of art in that it seeks to bring death to all others all art aims to end art and in it such bastardy such agitation and game mastery all to stifle competing lines to extinguish the unknown running fathers runaway seed in all but one riverbed surviving art killer of marlowe is heir to a mongrel bitch but at this time of aberration the browncoats powers were crescent and he knew so and in his mumbles quiescent language was dictated by hunger for the silent chew their words to fill their bellies many infinite taxonomies for hunger and the browncoat looked upon the blind chandelier and the ostentatious arrogant walls and he remembered of course that [ the ] night was his idea and he walked on into the next tunnel out of the enclosed room but as soon as the cell of the chandelier had reached behind him the browncoat looked back and moved uneasily and he did not quite wish to go where his will was dull demiurge he shifted like an emperors young newly transplanted power - drinking kidney suffering with a crush of ostalgie over its ancient alcoholic dung - farmer master but such was the nature of his prolix indulgence in fine whines they kept him rooted in the particular but afforded him voyeuristic peeks at the general for there is but negative thought satiation was weakness most positive thought is expired ideology and the distance of thought from reality is itself nothing other than the precipitate of history of deaths lineage into concepts but then the browncoat stopped and heard and he was in a thin loose tunnel again and on the other side of the wall outside there was a map of the fayre with large colorful symbols on it pinned to the funhouse wall and an elderly woman was consulting it in the slow blurring of a splintered bores concentration and he the browncoat still locked inside the funhouse on the other side of the map threw his hand out and waved it about quickly and he so slapped that futile cunt on the hand through the wall and made her lose track of where she her finger had been on the map and the elderly woman went away and he was left alone with the map on the other side of the wall and the map was probably wrong anyway and the browncoat moved on muttering that the best samaritans name was simon and that walk no further that way sodomy lies or perhaps happiness either way turn around and so he did but he could not go back since back would somersault him in limber taunts whenever he turned to go back and point the nether way and he knew not the way and he thought he could solve the antinomy of going back on himself simply by walking backwards without turning around first and he did this awhile but nothing came of it nothing much for the slide tunnels did not end and the browncoat resigned his person to the forward movement forward was arbitrary what did he know regardless slashing the air and possibly the dark in two with his clutched face walking his hazy drip of a walk a walk and face that very dogs disdained pissing on him in his midwalk in the lower alleys running up next to him and walking next to him and pissing on him in their the dogs midstride the browncoat had a wasted take on walking and this he thought strange for walking seemed ever to be most of what he the browncoat did on any given night but he walked across the calendar and hopped across the red splashes the red days and walked into the basements of the calendar and thus the long tunnels of the funhouse were no novelty to him the browncoat merely told the thin walls to still their esperance for he did not intend to collapse under them and he should not seep under them and root them up but also did the brownback know that as a rule a smart man is someone who can not tell a lie without believing it himself rules of self - preservation the budding art of living with oneself didactic blossoms short words long smiles nights of the long smiles but at least the standing man could boast that he and his were not boring what would the brownback say nothing why would he why want to say something any thing at all and the brownback remembered a child yelling in the street tearing out of one eye just one his mother pacing the staircase of a nearby house and the child yelling that he the child could hold his own and quieter yeah hold his own simply by not having one an own he meant or so the brownback understood it the childs release of his own and the brownbacks thoughts and caprices whirred around his cranium alight the thoughts like benevolent overgrown globules of fat rapt in a game of american football malevolent globules of fact but fact was not to his the brownbacks liking he erected refuge in imagination but for most imagination is weak susceptible well - trod divided imagination is inflamed by women who lack precisely imagination and such women confront their imaginers portraits and phantasies of them the women and tear and have at them with a ravens fury why the problem of originality their beautiful sin is not to be idolised outside themselves their sublime sinning a guarantee of ink defying magnetism an altar to ones originality seals one in ones discarded artefacts renders ones every novelty or young act an icon of ones ankylosis and so what is left why murdering ones followers for standing men and superb women alike in viability but at present murder is so so where s the poise so newspapery and with or without murder one seeks constance of some sorts tis weak but inevitable for no knowledge of changing objects if knowledge changes tis sterile speculation the ontology of gossip but what is constant is not an invariant quantity of suffering but its progress towards hell and hereinafter would he the brownback no longer fall tangled into the unscratchables of his cranium no more would he descend into the whirls and mists of transverberation and so the brownback walked but he did not have long to walk since one of the panels of the rickety tunnel walls arrested him he heard a dialogue outside they were a man and a woman voices rusty enough to betray their middling ages and the man assured the woman that he spoke to her in troth and confidence and the man outside who as he spoke convinced the brownback listening beyond the wall but not seeing further and further that he the man outside was in point of fact rather an old man but speaking in youth young language and the old man spoke to the woman who in silence revealed herself rather an old woman but thinking youth and the old man spoke of mummifying the orgasms plateauing the quivers nobility demanded no less of him and thus his face and tonality of body spelt out pure will sicked on cock and then the old man said to the old woman that twas not easy and that my internal monologue is performed by many people and she misheard him and thought he had said infernal and found this very savage and rebellious and rightly said for youth well embraced in the apoplexia of dialectics and theirs a task both opposed and mated to the yelping standard of unwording the world and the old woman stares ravenously at the old man and the man does not stop speaking he accelerates his ideas heat up bump into each other and deflagrate and his tongue pours nay sweats oil and acid on all their fires and all their bullets and finally the man bites his tongue in the rabid fury of his pontification bites hard and the severed portion of the mans tongue flies off and he bleeds profusely and the woman looks on and he drops his gaze to the ground which hungers for his falling blood and the man himself falls on the woman and they are both lying down and the blood is falling on the woman down his chin onto her face into her mouth inside her widening but never enough nostrils behind her ears across her neck over her breasts throughout her voluptuously spiderwebbed hair such pretty hair another occasion he would have bit into it and the man stuffs his elbow in her mouth and wraps her nose sealed in his fist and the blood still fell and they were two or perhaps they were one and then one and the blood but the blood was so many and streams directions growthrates territorial annexations and a blind red kingly smile the blood was smiling it was nt as dramatic and literary as the blood really etching the discernible form of a smile across her clothes and the ground beneath them it was the blood just smiling at him a simple elemental smile drenching her clothes in its fulsome sapience and superiority there were whetstones and ancient hilts in that smile in every one of the many smiles of the many bloods and a darkness metallic and then he realized the blood was smiling back at him for he had been housing an infectious rictus also in the ruins of his tautened face he was smiling the blood was smiling his smile imprinted on the blood and imprisoning the blood and imprisoned in the blood as soon as the blood left the mouthmother and fell aerial to its hegemony below and the woman was laughing giggling silencing her merry tremors failing then letting loose and laughing loudly and vulgarly laughing through the fist in her mouth unable to stop and at this his smile widened the blood smiled harder as well and he bored deeper and with his other fist crushed her nose into graven skin and beaten mucus and at this she started jerking him off pulling him out of his pants caressing and stroking and tickling the undershaft and running gentle circles around the glans with the nail and the soft pillow of her index and at this the man gyrated slowly back and forth inside her hands with a monotonous passion like that of a seed bull too small to mount a larger cow of a different species and she was cradling him shelter and cupping his balls and palming his abdomen and lightly pinching his nipples and sliding her thin long - nailed fingers one by one in an humid ballet from the tip of his penis down the shaft over the testicles across the perineum and in and around his asshole and without letting go of her without releasing her air or her speech he entered the woman and it was quick and so he looked down at her and she was blank and she stared through him and this time he d lasted over a minute and the blood was part of the scenery and the blood was the scenery and he had no more to bleed for her he had stopped bleeding by now and she stared through him and he dived into her and bit into her shoulder and conquered many layers of something - dermas and a couple of slates of flesh and he emerged with skin and new blood in his mouth and he spat it all in her face and back on the spot of her shoulder whence he had wrenched it and she looked smaller now because of the blood orchid in full bloom occupying the spring of her shoulder like a rorschach guardian angel but otherwise nothing had changed and finally but not so long after the man got up shook his feet one by one and he was a small string of a man with weak arms and bad sleeveless shirts in the evening chill that highlighted and mocked the weakness of his arms which weakness mocked the bad sleeveless shirts in turn and she saw him shiver under the chill but only ever so slightly and he told the woman ever supine that if we you or i seek immortality well then tough because so does the cancer cell and upon this he spat on the funhouse wall and the listening prone browncoat recoiled and fell on his ass but the browncoat listened still and the old woman was looking at the vertical old man and then he and his adverbs walked out of her life the old womans life but there was yet crawling in his journal yet to be read and some time after the old man had disappeared the old woman got up as well and rubbed her shoulder and raised the straps of her dress onto their proper positions digging into her shoulder wound and dusted herself to a suitable if modest degree of cleanliness and walked away also and for some hours there was nothing else for the browncoat to listen to and finally he too resumed the biped and walked out of the funhouse and looked around at the fayre and some people but not many told him the browncoat that his hair had whitened and the browncoat shrugged dgueulasse and he could not think of much else to do or much place to go and so he was so bored he taking candy from the devil a novel robert p. kaye published by robert p. kaye at smashwords copyright 2010 robert p. kaye cover by ellie mathews smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
there was within him a seed of excitement , and a feeling of love .
matthew saw how what had started as a seed of an idea planted by the priests the simple notion that there is not enough for everyone , more is better , and people have no choice but to accept that that is just the way it is slowly snowballed over the years as people who were lost in their quests for more lost sight of the truth of how much they were loved .
over a span of hundreds of years the six priests sent out their minions to sow the seeds of destruction into the minds of mankind .
the very idea seemed to embrace him and it was dense , for his quest had finally led him to the jungle of imagination where the seed of paradise is sown .
this whole castle experience is a seed , an idea placed within your mind by the geni and brought into being when watered by your own willful intent .
she planted the seed and i nurtured it for her , never suspecting the truth .
so sad transformation you think it through , you write it out , a majestic craft , there is no doubt ; a person will read , planting a seed , of change that will never recede ; his actions are imbued by your word , coming first , and never second or third ; your thoughts are out in society , made real , made true , growing just like a tree ; the thought branches out , noble and great , defining other peoples fate , as through your mind , your pen , your quill , you transmit , to all , your will , as your noble craft , you do fulfil dear ed i am a writer , i think you ll agree , so here , i send an ms to thee ; its not in a bottle for you to throw , that was the way of edgar allan poe ; i know you ll sigh !
what it should have done was re - planted the seed of doubt about my own life path .
the crew itself planted the seed in his brain if only they knew the injustice that domen suffered , to be denied what ecealdor freely gave to them .
you call yourself seed of the king !
but hidden in the complexity of their operations were the seeds of their demise .
the ability to think and be aware of himself and his environment is unique to humans and sows the seeds of constant anxiety towards the world .
twenty years before , the early seeds of musicianship implanted and grew , and i hungered for my first guitar , the iconic symbol of the new music culture .
or were the seeds of this disaster planted with her first thought of deceiving her husband ?
but underneath her annoyance was the smallest seed of amusement , and she knew mimi sensed it .
it is this huge gap between what we say and what we actually do that creates the first seed of mistrust .
the seed of mistrust bears the fruit of anger , rivalry , jealousy and a spectrum of negative feelings .
society and social facilities should ideally be like a fertile land which aids and abets any seed of natural possibilities but unfortunately ; societies have become fixed moulds which forces any potential to take only a few established shape which at a certain point of time and space happens to be the prevailing benchmarked mould of success or goodness .
inquisitiveness was the soil , i was born with and the seeds , these intangible - affectors planted in me made me somewhat analytical .
the seed of the answer begins with the standard scratch score ( sss ) of each course .
he did nt want to lie to stephen outright , but he did want to plant a seed of doubt as to janes true intentions .
the real feelings , the deep feelings that amanda felt she had saved for her best friend kara kovak , the bad influence , the bad seed of quick anger , the white trash talk tendency to whip herself over the least rejection she received .
sharon replied , and the whole table felt the hard germ in the seed of hatred and injustice begin to stir with life .
beyond this affable relationship between families , however , there seemed a deeper attachment between bhakti and q , which sprouted , more likely , from their perceived lack of belonging amidst the people of yami , than from any other surmisable seeds of amity ; which is to say , it was this sense of being out of place , with respect to the community , which seemed to account for their close kinship .
and certainly she has not yet crossed that irreversible threshold all once - innocent humans must inevitably traversethat threshold , upon whose crossing , one becomes capable of understanding and manipulating the seeds of deception for his or her own personal gain .
and i suppose it 's in our nature that emotional negatives carry more weight than the positives - a thing which in my case provides little nourishment for those first tiny seeds of attraction to blossom into anything more lasting .
melissa , the credit must go to your dad as he sowed in you the seeds of an empress .
it was the seed of death , long lying in her , that now came to development .
the seed of suspicion sprouted , mukhtar desired to learn of address of this lodge .
only problem was , i had no way to predict or control how it would all go down , so i could do nothing other than plant the seeds of my feelings and hope it would not completely wreck me .
yet maybe the bishop could be consoled ; for wherever zebediah was , wherever he was headed , he was surely carrying the seed of the church very far indeed .
his very soul is resistance , and is as a seed of fire that may enkindle multitudes , and make a new pathway for events .
the native spirit of our tradition was not to stand still , but to use records as a seed of knowledge to be enlarged and illuminated with fresh interpretation .
filled with a sense of muted clarity ... something to do with the fertile nature of human ignorance ... the seeds of destruction which grow so strong with meticulous tending .
the possible final remnant will , since it will undoubtedly consist of the most resistant portion , have to be treated accordingly , because it is the product of natural selection and would , if released , act as the seed of a new jewish revival .
regeneration : not reform , not restoration , but the finding of a totally unique , virgin , untapped , mysterious seed , source '' creation is you , '' is the first truth now catechized .
chapter 28 even with that little seed of hope , the call was nt easy .
her elderly neighbor had planted an insidious seed , lyssa realized .
yet , in my revulsion was also the seed of calmalmost pride .
it was possible that the seeds of love were planted that day , as dave was the first person in the school to be nice and notice that sarah was alive .
when were able to go deeply enough , chances are well find our inner seed , often buried under a mountain of shoulds and musts and imposed responsibilities .
but when we reconnect , when we can somehow find a way to honor the seed of our self and allow it to sprout and grow roots and finally blossom , then we can rediscover the true and lasting joy of our inner spirit .
for a truly bountiful garden , right action has to follow the seed of intention .
jamie realized that the seed of the idea that had been planteda place on the buffalo riverwas starting to take root .
kiddo , i think we ve just planted a seed for a life with songwriting here on the buffalo .
i was sceptical of this and i suppose this scepticism sowed the seeds of our later break - up .
the child who loves to play computer games at the expense of learning to play a musical instrument , is in effect laying the seeds of future unhappiness .
they were fated to come together at that moment of my conception , to form the nucleus or seed of condensation upon which the environment could deliver up all its primordial brothers .
the elements are the real seeds of life .
you planted the seed of trust in my heart .
a smile tugged at my lips , the seed of an idea forming , but it was too soon to hit richard with any new requests .
it had been a small seed of a vision , but as i stood and stared it became a hazy picture forming in my minds eye .
to start a new operation , they needed seed money .
jim promised marcellous that he d find a way to get the seed money , and tried to convince him that his new plan would work , but marcellous was skeptical .
you said you were sure that your new plan would work and that you could get the seed money for it quickly .
he had a feeling she had probably had the seeds of it inside all along certainly when they were children she had been far more volatile than he had .
within the sadness of that truth was a seed of something important i 'd gained : the knowledge of a potential for far more depth and passion to a relationship than what i 'd experienced with jonathan .
while annie was sure casey belonged to jeremiah , there always remained a seed of doubt .
but the seeds of doubt had already been planted and i did think sometimes that it might have been better had we split up then .
its exciting to follow the path the story takes after it leaves your hands , and thrilling when someone down the line decides to nurture a seed that you planted , and you get to watch it grow in a way you never imagined .
even before the war , a seed of hatred had long since sprouted in the hearts of many germans , austrians , and other europeans .
i ' m offering you the seed money towards a comfortable future , with your mom as the steward for that money until you 're ready for the responsibility of managing it .
if dennis put that seed of doubt in the minds of those against us , they would have wanted to exhume susans body .
damn , shed planted a seed of doubt into my mind , but there was no time to change .
poor louisa , blaming herself , had tried to sow the seeds of forgiveness , but neither of us had let her .
it was a seed of civilized conduct and science .
barbara ate her bacon sandwich , wondering if the seed she had planted in perkins mind would grow into something definite .
the seeds of rampant paranoia sewn earlier began to sprout in all directions around terrances receding zone of confidence .
ariana nasbro talked about the ` ` seeds of my own self - image , '' about ` ` making amends , '' about ` ` searching for meaning '' and ` ` hitting rock bottom . ''
she had put up the initial seed money and then talked both her father and various acquaintances into investing considerable sums in the project .
` ` oh yes , he made off with about half a million kronor , which ironically enough became the seed money for the wennerstrom group .
one of faberg 's biographers , though an englishman , put it best : give her the start , the seed , and she mothers it in her own peculiar way to quite astonishing results .
the seeds of revolution preceded their arrival , but few there had any idea what the romanov children actually looked like .
she had n't thought he had , but the seed of doubt had just kept cropping up .
but it still sat there - that seed of doubt - creeping up her spine , spreading out through her nerve endings , paralyzing her when she least expected it .
two days ago i would have laughed in her face and maybe popped one of her tits but today , no today i already have that seed of doubt planted so deep all she did was water it and watch it grow .
` ` i know that my father is the seed that started my fear of men and growing relationships .
i was pissed at myself for letting sawyer get to me , and i was even more pissed at myself for letting him drop that seed of doubt in my mind again .
the seed money came from dad , and if i moved to new york instead of attending harvard , then i brought nothing but what i bought myself .
i knew we were n't ready for that yet , but the seed was planted .
garth had planted a seed , and i was recalling that night with a whole new lens .
trevor had shut down that idea earlier and i knew he was being compassionate , trying not to make me feel pressured or hurried , but all it did was plant a seed .
em plants a seed in my mind and it takes root immediately , twisting and turning , asking questions that i do n't want the answers to .
but he 'd planted a seed in that moment and as much as i hated it , it made me think .
the guilt , the baptist shame , tells me the smug satisfaction is the seed of sin .
i wish it were that simple , but black 's words planted a seed in my mind .
and it would have been perfect had it not been for that little seed that had been planted in the back of my brain .
a tiny seed of dread was blooming in my stomach .
i swallowed hard and tried to bury the seeds of doubt that were popping up in my head , the fact that i was green , new to this , did n't know what the f**k i was doing .
i knew i should n't have been thinking of it - it was the booze , plus raul 's words that had implanted the seeds there .
my seed money .
his face paled too , as he softly said , ` ` he looked at me , as the seed of a monster , from day one .
it planted one tiny seed of bitterness inside of me , and over time , that bitter seed would grow .
she was resigned to failure this first time , but , if nothing else , she 'd plant a seed of doubt in gian 's mind and get him to at least think about it .
` ` is my favorite mistakes open for a small seed round of investment ? ''
and via that relationship , i have gained two rounds of seed funding , an investment to fund design research , and a distribution deal in those department stores .
instead , i feel a thousand seeds of doubt planting in my belly right now .
` ` i guess i planted the seed when i called you beautiful . ''
it had been one of the seeds that grew into doubts about mairi 's love .
i 'd realized of late that brad had insidiously planted that seed that i was less than him and lucky to have him and , for some fool reason , i nourished that seed .
i 'd realized of late that brad had insidiously planted that seed that i was less than him and lucky to have him and , for some fool reason , i nourished that seed .
he planted the seed in their heads , and they were going to kill everyone just like he imagined , '' debbie said , wrapping her arms around george .
i already planted the seed that i ' m a person that might need to be saved . ''
i should have hated him -- my mother planted the seeds from the moment i 'd unwisely asked where he was .
i ' m starting to understand the seeds of rebellion within alex and why he 's so determined to go against his father 's wishes in choosing him a bride .
he 'd accomplished his goal by planting a seed of destruction in their little world and he 'd used penny to deliver the poison .
everything about the girl was pure gold , and every day the seeds of fear embedded themselves deeper into his gut .
memories of sabin 's visits to terra and the kids in mobliz had begun to plant a seed of jealousy .
it had a heart shaped neckline with dainty seed pearls around the neck and thin shoulder straps .
she wanted to fight , and now , satina had the seed of a plan .
after developing useless feelings for his female , varriks brother , sekall , had planted seeds of doubt and whispered clever lies .
he s done anything but plant a seed of doubt in my head , so why did nt i turn around ?
adrianna kept me distracted while brea planted a seed of doubt in your head .
she ran her tongue along her bottom lip , the first seeds of apprehension taking root .
julie had made sure of that when shed persistently and maliciously sown those seeds of doubt .
he was stronger than the weakened seeds planted in the other women .
more so than the others because the seed in her had tried to hide in the body as he searched it out .
his strength and skills were far beyond anything the seed could have possessed by this time in its development , even with its premature entry .
the seed was not fully human and not sanctioned by the creator of life , but he was in the human plane by no means of his own devising .
the seed demanded to know .
chapter five the apple does nt fall far from the tree chapter six fancy seeing you here chapter seven he winked & my heart stopped chapter eight besame mucho chapter nine tutus & tushies chapter ten planting seeds of love chapter eleven if everybody had an ocean chapter twelve panty emergency chapter thirteen i love l.a . chapter fourteen soul baring chapter fifteen the cats out of the bag chapter sixteen what s a holiday without some drama ?
i actually planted the seed because i had been thinking about trudys mom and her warm brownies .
it was that piece of knowledge more than anything else that had changed him then , that had sown the seed of the deep insecurity that had grown within him and fueled his desire to be someone .
yards of white satin , covered in pearl seed beads , trailed behind her .
eves strange behaviour started a seed of suspicion .
darshana : yes she does but slightly she is confused sherry : i told her yesterday that a friend of mine was saying that i am taking your advantage and we should not talk like this so she replied ok give me her number there is nothing like that this all is seed of your mind , you say more ?
first , there s my singer - songwriter husband norm strauss whose idea that we should work on something together was the catalyst of this book , and my son joel whose song sun & moon was the seed that inspired katja and micahs story .
a seed of annoyance burst into life as she avoided his expectant gaze .
comforting words , watered by tears , sprouted the seeds of recovery for both of them .
i supposed i like em as well as the next fella , my daddy told him , with a sly grin that i ai nt never seed before , as long as they ai nt too dirty , or if they are , they ai nt told in mixed company .
sometimes they need seed money , sometimes growth or expansion .
shed planted a seed that she knew would fester and grow .
unbeknownst to me , lexanna was laying down the foundations for inconsistent fragments or fully contextual segments of her concealment and also the performance ability that she carried so well in secretwhich were the dissembling acts that would reveal her liberally when she allowed for small breaths of her sinking demeanor to surface ; these were fraught with change , planting seeds in my mind that would not come out as fortifications or barriers , but instead , they would disguise themselves as lower - level inconvenient bumped up oversteps , footprints to be avoided , in exchange for glimpsing her from a more breathtaking view .
something about his voice caused a seed of uncertainty to take root in her stomach .
hate is the seed that grows wars of man against man , whether it is in the actual theater of war or a territorial war on the streets of our cities .
once a seed of doubt had been planted in her mind , invariably , a field of insecurity would grow .
self - doubt had pervaded her thoughts allowing for a seed of irrational suspicion to grow to a field of distrust in herself , and in gabriel .
something small , a seed of validation growing from her core and spreading outward with its warmth .
the seed for my future career as a truck driver had originally been sown back at the b & b .
that never occurred to me , but now he s planted the seed are you getting ready for bed ?
she smiled radiantly at him , and he knew without a single seed of doubt that she was thinking the same thing .
this , plus the hand - sewn lines of seed - pearls and sequined flowers accenting the panels transported the gown from the merely modest to subtly sexy .
i have no doubt that it was this fertile ground that nourished the seed of my imagination , and allowed it to take root and eventually give rise to my love of writing .
the nerves i d been tamping down all morning finally wanted their just dues and they were turning into seeds of self - doubt that planted themselves inside my head .
i let myself revel in it for a while before allowing the seeds of self - doubt to slip back in .
i m just planting a seed , something to think about now , when you feel yourself getting sad about jeremy dying , and something to think about later , when you re feeling like yourself again , what kind of person do you want to be in a relationship with ?
nicole inadvertently planted another seed in kiras mind , feeling like herself again , but in the last weeks , she was nt even sure that was anymore .
i did n't have time to try to convince either of them now , but at least , if something happened to me later , i had planted the seed .
somewhere , back there , lurking , was the seed planted that one day , whenever that day should come , she would be next .
julian had planted the seed of her , but he had n't chosen to nurture it ; he could never have helped her grow into the vibrant , beautiful flower he now held in his arms .
she 'd planted the seeds of that pain herself and fertilized them over the years with her own obsession .
the idea is ridiculous to me , but her words nevertheless succeed in planting the smallest seed of doubt and suspicion .
her behavior at thanksgiving dinner has shown that she 's fully capable of planting the seeds of potential future disasters , but when the second week of january rolls around without charlie knocking on our door , a sawed - off shotgun at the ready , i slowly start to relax .
but even as she cursed her sister , claire knew the doubt had been there all along , a little seed inside of her , waiting to sprout and grow .
and before them , it 's said , powers battled for that circle of ground , both - the dark and the light , good and evil , whatever terms you prefer - left some seeds of that power there .
but the seed of doubt had sprouted .
in their haste to get married , linc had planted the seeds of suspicion within her family .
it was like she was feeling him out , planting a seed of something she intended to harvest later .
there had been a sharp seed of darkness in him to begin with , something he 'd always pushed down , hiding behind holy actions .
the thought of living without her watered a seed of misery blooming in the pit of his stomach .
and maybe she did n't even blame him for the seeds of mistrust that had been planted .
the seeds of it , planted so long ago in the kitchen of the snohomish house , had sprouted wildly and sent roots deep into her heart .
her heart told her to believe gabriel , but she could n't deny the fact that soraya had planted a seed of doubt .
kelly had introduced a seed of suspicion that their father was not the monster he 'd thought .
the seeds of fury formed deep in his mind , shunted aside for now by the screaming urges of his body .
a seed of trust had been sown that was timidly growing , though it frightened her to think of relying on someone else , even for good advice .
a seed of an idea was growing in the back of my mind .
jake looked up suddenly , feeling a tiny seed of hope in the darkness .
i 'd been hoping to say my goodbyes to anna and georgia separately and bypass a celebration , but once lukas had planted the seed in georgia 's mind , there was no going back .
love is a seed of trust deliberately planted in commitment and friendship .
no , you did n't accuse stephan , you just said enough to plant a seed of doubt . ''
in spite of herself , and everything else , the tiniest seed of sympathy for the devil sprouted within her .
even if they succeeded in killing jack , even if the crazed lunatic was n't able to raise an army to carry out his plans , he 'd planted the seed .
the tiny seed of doubt that had tried to take root , insidious and punishing , urging him to think that maybe sable 's note had been the truth , withered and died and would never return .
the trio had dedicated a year to creating a gorgeous gown and veil with intricate seed pearl beading and hand - tatted lace .
mike had planted a seed of doubt .
and it was out of these various committees that the seeds of rebellion would spring - were germinating even now , somewhere out in the cold spring night .
naturally , he would have found a means of inveigling himself into the north carolina committee of correspondence - the center of political intrigue , where the seeds of rebellion were being sown - meanwhile holding a commission as indian agent for the british crown and ostensibly working to arm the indians , in order to suppress precisely those seeds of rebellion .
naturally , he would have found a means of inveigling himself into the north carolina committee of correspondence - the center of political intrigue , where the seeds of rebellion were being sown - meanwhile holding a commission as indian agent for the british crown and ostensibly working to arm the indians , in order to suppress precisely those seeds of rebellion .
a tracery of seed pearls decorated his cuffs and lapels , gleaming in the candlelight .
such a man carries with him the seeds of his own destruction .
but ever since that seed had been planted in her mind , she wondered why cole had n't .
olivia started at his angry tone , and the first seeds of doubt entered her mind .
it begins with the seed of an idea , an image or a concept , and then grows from there as the writer adds characters , ideas they love , bits and pieces of their fascinations and interests , until they ' ve created a world .
i found it inspiring too , though - if even people who think like that found the relationship beautiful , perhaps it dropped a seed of tolerance and love there .
there had been a seed of truth in the movie , because hitler had indeed been obsessed with acquiring ancient religious artifacts .
was the capability to do evil in every person , and like any seed it flourished in some places but not in others ?
i pray that if you look hard enough , you will unearth some remnant of the love you once felt for your wife , and that with care , a seed of that emotion can grow again .
maybe the bad seeds were always in me , and war gave them a dark place in which to grow .
gerard knew his mother had helped to plant the seeds of doubt , and then had watered them daily .
like ruth , he could see the quality in the work we 'd purchased , and he planted in us the seed of an idea - to build a true collection , one that might one day be worthy of a museum .
she had n't given it a thought , but now that he 'd planted the seed she realized she 'd love a week of mitch 's undivided attention .
not that i believe any of that stuff about her , but i never would have thought it was possible - ` ` underneath natalie 's rambling was the seed of suspicion , and lissa picked up on it .
fuck her , plant seeds of doubt , encourage her to leave brandon .
what do you do on a class six planet , when you 're a member of a seed colony ?
but it seemed like the seed of it was there all along .
carrying a distinct sound of disapproval , he 's correcting the distant critic who put it out there , the one who planted the seed of inadequacy inside me .
since she would soon have her money back , she and jason had decided to use the half - million - dollar loan he 'd given her as seed money for her expansion to california .
and to think the sentiment , his understanding of family , and yes , even the seeds of love had been there right from the start if only she 'd been able to see through her own fears .
once lindy planted the seed in his brain that dorsey was going to write a tell - all book about her experiences at drake 's , then adam would be fully capable of nurturing that idea into fruition all by himself .
kelly looked at erica , a seed of doubt was sown .
the point is that the destruction contained the seeds of the nation 's rebuilding , because instead of brother fighting brother , the country 's people now had to come back together to restore their lives . ''