the places she needed to sign or fill out were clearly marked with a red x .
i felt empty in so many ways , and somehow i wondered if a lot of pasta could fill up those places .
in many places great black blots spread across the stone , the remnants of ancient bloodstains .
chapter five atlas had to empty a cell of its seven occupants and place those gods and goddesses within other , already cramped cells to make a place for nike .
there was also a place to note who had sired the vampire , if known , as well as a place to include the name of the hunter who had destroyed it .
she put down skittles and padded in sock feet over to the counter , where she had at least cleared a place for the two sacks of groceries , even if she had n't quite gotten around to unpacking them all yet .
i dipped my paintbrush in a small tub of green paint and began filling in places where the old paint was chipped .
whilst crossing i looked down and was able to discern strange movements within the oily smoky rings , the movement looked like a summer heat haze rising from a hot surface , looking through these areas it was difficult to focus upon the ground beyond , in fact this ground seemed to move and change , one second grass and foliage could clearly be seen and then a grey , barren , featureless place of what looked like course sand or gravel and then back to the grass again .
now , as she realised that a huge explosion had taken place near the cathedral in the centre of st . davids she found herself wondering if maybe something had happened in the world that she should have been taking notice of , some dreadful event in a far off land that might affect her life even here , in the united kingdom 's very own middle of nowhere .
each of the seven gates around nanopea had between three and six transdomes and it was underneath , at the edges of these that classes took place .
john , a coup has taken place in our country , a long - planned and well - funded coup , that was first foisted on president phillip hammer by dennis lasher , and continued by jennifer morgan .
but after a short while he simply stopped noticing the gore , the staring eyes of the corpses , the vastness of the disaster that had taken place here .
if for any reason the parasitic intelligence , as harg tholan calls it , does leave the human body , or if its relationship to the human mind is in any way impaired , growth does take place , but not in any orderly fashion .
there were signs all around that this room was much used - worn places on the books , bright metal on the amplifiers , frayed corners on the data blocks .
she looked down at eddie , and when she bent her head her eyes had spilled tears onto the back of eddie 's shirt , making dark places , like raindrops .
tears were rolling down her cheeks , cutting clean places there .
blue dress with beads was draped over a headless dressmaker 's dummy crouched beneath one low eave , and although susan could see ragged places on the hem and one small hole around to the back , it was by no means the tattered ruin she had been expecting .
a dusty white smear covered the place where the novel had been .
and with that , their telepathic conversation was over ; the entire time span of their grave discussion took place between the ticks of seconds .
in this case , a dc socialite , who never even thought twice about postponing the event in light of the national tragedy that had taken place the day before , was pleased to see that her gathering had attracted one of the men of the hour and that the dni was making an appearance despite his obvious obligations to the country .
which was strange , because if it had been on a secret exercise it would surely have been easy to admit that ' an exercise had taken place but that they could not discuss the matter further ' .
i drift off from the conversation the others are having visualising what has taken place in the letter .
on the back was the outline of a land mass and there were places filled in with small lettering around the shaded regions .
there was a murmur from the crowd at the far end of the street , and the people began to move toward the sidewalk , leaving a cleared place in the street .
among the few at the embassy who had to be aware of the incident , bray was treated as though nothing had taken place .
he went into the bathroom and wiped a clear place on the steamed mirror .
the show took place under a gigantic tent , in a parking lot adjacent to porter 's guns and ammo .
i prepared myself for a multitude of reverses ; my operations might be incessantly baffled , and at last my work be imperfect : yet , when i considered the improvement which every day takes place in science and mechanics , i was encouraged to hope my present attempts would at least lay the foundations of future success .
whatever has taken place over the centuries , it has shaped dimitri into a strong , lethal warrior .
and when she touched hisface , trying to find a clean place in the blood , he moved .
emily laid her hands on the place mat , remembering how she 'd become this version of herself that was n't really her .
he plucked a dark green crayon out of the cup and started scribbling on his place mat .
if this were taking place in the united states one , could but imagine what must be taking place around the world .
dad glanced at the map , some of the most intense fighting during world war ii took place right here , and on the islands west of here .
the park had also previously been a brick - clay mining area , leaving the mark of industry on the lower ground of the park in the form of large flat areas where the excavation of the yellow clay had taken place , the bricks from the earth there are golden yellow in colour , not a great brick by all accounts .
with my agreement with the aviation authorities aircraft could fly in and out with impunity , all chalkie had to do was give numbers on board each aircraft ( for search and rescue purposes if one crashed en - route ) and my word that nothing illegal would take place ; talking , to my knowledge was not illegal .
he could already envision himself in those blank places on the map , discovering strange new lands , beating impossible odds in his quests to find lost treasures and vanquish villainous foes .
probably , the friend had been leading him from the very beginning , so that the stranger would drive the exterminators away and would free place for him .
the place between was a tale told to young children , the basis for many an old myth and cautionary tale .
* * * * * * * * * * as david strove to build the altar according to the words of gad the prophet , a great war was taking place in the heavens above , though his eyes had not the power to perceive it !
i do believe you are mistaken concerning the events that have taken place here today and our most ill - timed arrival , locmire said as he made his way over to river and thaddeus .
her shocked expression faded , and that smile - the one he was certain no one else but him saw - slid into place .
everywhere he searched he found evidence that small items - the tablets - had been carefully collected and removed , leaving shiny blank places in the dust .
reading into the places where the black markings started , she assumed that the markings were mainly intended to cover client names and the identities of others mentioned in the notes .
i prepared myself for a multitude of reverses ; my operations might be incessantly baffled , and at last my work be imperfect , yet when i considered the improvement which every day takes place in science and mechanics , i was encouraged to hope my present attempts would at least lay the foundations of future success .
on ends of cycles , usually the stalker men are quiet , and level zero becomes this blank place .
how clean macklin 's hands are in the matter of his stepson edward is a question which continues to trouble derry residents , but he has been convincingly cleared of the other child - murders which have taken place here .
sarah wiped a clean place on the glass and looked down at denny .
the 8.5 - hour flight from cairo to tokyo on egyptair proved to be not uneventful , and i m referring to events that took place outside the airplane .
i tumbled the last number into the place and threw the stainless steel handle into the open position , pulling mightily on the six - inch thick door so it eased open on the single rod hinge .
the basement lights were on in the free gospel church when abe and shorty passed by it but they had no idea that they were the topic of the conversation taking place there .
our class took place at high noon , right after lunch , in computer lab 2 , which had four rows of 10 computers each facing mr . lanards high - tech dry - erase board .
lydias circles and squares became larger and larger and she started filling in the white places with her pencil .
many would engage in gossip about other inmates , referring to some incident or the other that had taken place outside in the yard .
before thought ever takes place , what does your immediate experience tell you the finger is pointing at ?
janek is below , clearing a place for your people .
but we knowingly chose this life ; not like you and i know it will ease some part of my conscience for the horrors that have taken place here if i am able to help you escape .
like the walls themselves , the width of this unholy place between them varies and at some places it is almost as if you can almost see the hun faces with your naked eyes , in others the distance seems vast although it is probably only between censored and censored censored .
or a comma may fall in place before the phrase which modifies the hung - out cactus , an awkward phrase that is brief , prickly , and succinct .
walking out of the store , the person reflected on the realization that had just taken place about the enormous degree of impact the person had on others lives without even making any effort to do so ; the person felt both completely powerful and completely vulnerable .
this subject led to one that often occurred when a community event took place , that of the victor hall hunting accident because it had been the worst thing that had happened in the small town of elkton until now .
besides , the race to take her place had been fought and won ; an election had taken place in the local labour party and a new candidate had been elected , in plenty of time before the next election .
and he continued to grin at emma as he looked down upon her face , signally to emma the girls were safe in his presence , so again she gazed out upon the immense landscaping laying beyond her and was dragged back to the conversation that had taken place around the table that day .
bars are meant to be quiet enough for conversation to take place , but the music is always loud , forcing people to talk louder , causing a domino effect where everyone usually ends up going home hoarse .
and now they were frozen in time , stuck forever as an example of the tragedy that took place here .
she flipped over her place mat and began doodling on the back in purple crayon .
i knew , though , that it was too late ; what was taking place outside my cell told me that .
rachel did n't believe in place cards .
as if noticing it for the first time , he looked down at my dress and i realized then that it was splattered with drops of blood and torn in a few places .
a little boy ran up to us with his place matt .
they gazed at each other , exchanging some private message , and slowly a grin slid into place .
jenner took them , carefully read them and saw that places for their signatures had been added - in fact , one signature , that of the the owner and president of harvest meat packing , was already present - and that her unemployment claim was to be approved effective that very day .
grace hung her head , watching as her tears dripped onto the quilted place mat .
there had been no explosion of movement ; anyone watching might not even have realized a brief battle had taken place , so tight had been the movements of attack and response , then counterattack .
all her life she 'd sworn to avoid the cold hollowness of her parents ' home , yet as she grew older she tried harder and harder to fill the empty places withthings .
jack went quiet , as if he , too , had suddenly realized the implications of all that was about to take place .