not to mention the security risks associated with asking someone a question that might be outside of their clearance area .
` ` as you wish , your highness , '' he said and bowed out of the area .
gray areas in his business or his personal life were quite simply nonexistent .
he 'd have to get her back to colorado for her appointments and was n't looking forward to emily being in the same area as william lovette .
i have a good time on both ends of those two areas but never do those worlds meet .
she could n't believe how smart he was and how he could find business opportunities in the most varied areas .
we all have separate areas , but we meet in the mornings and at five o'clock to share what we ' ve been working on , what findings we ' ve discovered and any problems we ' ve encountered .
and then you 'll come work for me but you 'll be working in an area that will be a bit more challenging than what you ' ve currently been doing . ''
brett had a way of making everyone feel like they were part of a team and not the head of their own individual areas .
now that barry was out of their immediate area , the two seemed to have visibly relaxed .
because of the heartache and then her determination to succeed in other areas of her life , she 'd never given a thought to adoption .
but she was n't going to fall into the grey area again .
i really did force him into black or white by refusing all the grey areas .
life had many greys , she decided , and she was treading a very grey area with nic right now , an area that could turn black .
even caring for their son was separated into mutually exclusive areas .
the king family had holdings in so many different areas , the monthly meetings helped the brothers keep up with what the tangled lines of the king dynasty were up to at any given moment .
` ` yeah , adam , we each run our own areas , '' travis said , taking a deep sip of a king vineyard merlot .
he left the publicity and the more public areas of the business to two of his brothers , sean and lucas .
it was in this latter area that meredith had found her niche and made her mark in the retailing community .
that if she did n't rise above her past in every area of her life that she would have proven her father right ?
` ` did you work in the same area ? ''
in our respective areas of expertise . ''
i want us to expand on what we ' ve been sharing , to take our synergy to all areas of our lives , while being free to indulge in all forms of intimacy and passion without restraints of social interference or conformities . ''
in many areas of our lives .
instead of twitching agony , all i could feel were areas of heat ; my pain receptors were still pinging , but must be confused .
` ` it 's just a boat , '' connor said and andrew knew his son was trying to steer them back out of the gray area .
he 's knows what he 's doing in that area .
i had skills in neither area .
problems in your area getting you down , stefan ? ''
not that jurgen would care about the gray areas .
if our apartment was a mess before , it 's nothing compared to the disaster area i now leave in my wake .
he 's an advocate for self - protection and he 's highly trained in all areas .
we help each other out , but mostly we 're responsible for what goes on in our area .
aj demonstrated a few more techniques and then dismissed everyone back to their areas .
i ' m guaranteeing you a good job in some area of my business .
it allows me to infiltrate areas i 'd never be able to access with my own identity . ''
if he wanted to kill her , he could have done it inside his area .
but her job often required dealing with the gray areas in between .
` ` in any area of my life . ''
but ... lacking as he was in this area , he knew nothing about ` ` naturally . ''
it 's a grey area . ''
nathan went on : ` ` see , some investigators , well , let 's just say they operate in a legal gray area , but like i said before , your reputation is everything in this game , so i make sure to play by the rules .
ty knew it was just a simple kiss , but for him there was no gray area when it came to sex .
ford made sure the one word out of his mouth was right in the gray area between a question and a taunt , even though he 'd set himself up as her anonymous client to make absolutely sure they would come face to face again .
` ` and i believe that the social fears could be properly leveraged to fill in the gray areas around the relevant portion of the law concerning the king 's offspring . ''
sometimes that grey area is where things need to be . ''
` ` i do n't want to be in that grey area .
forgive me when i say this , my dear , but you are the grey area . ''
he fell into a gray area ; and the gray aspects of the situation were what had gotten her in trouble .
i was n't doing anything wrong , sitting on my balcony with a mug of sleepytime tea , but it was a gray area since i could so easily invade his privacy .
this was a misty gray area because he was definitely turning me on with the rasp of his scruff against the tender skin of my throat .
granted , she never asked me to leave either , but there was just a lot of gray area happening , and i felt like i was navigating all of it blindly since i had never even been interested in starting something with anyone before .
` ` i think you play in areas above my pay grade . ''
honestly , i ' m nowhere near where i want to be in any music area .
she 'd been taught all her life not to attack humans , but knock- ing them unconscious with tranquilizer guns was more of a gray area .
ty 's parents were n't able to find ty , because he was back in some area that they would n't let us get through .
` ` i think that when those channels suddenly opened a few weeks ago the abrupt change created some areas of disturbance in your dream psi .
flint appears to have a talent for staying inside the gray area between legal and illegal activities .
we ' ve made ourselves useful in other areas .
since the serendipity and the rendezvous were both sent in this direction , too , we can assume that at the time of the second wave the home system scientists were still of the same opinion about the usefulness of planets in this area . ''
a companion occupies a gray area , like a governess .
well , there was a gray area .
eric should have been left to run area five in his own efficient way .
i 'd asked eric if he thought victor might claim dissatisfaction with eric 's performance in area five , a terrifying possibility .
shit , i really hate this grey area .
but we were getting into a gray area now , beyond steam blowing and into just plain blowing it .
there 's no right or wrong here '' -he raised his fingers to my lips when i started to explain that yes , in fact there is- '' or at least it 's a gray area .
` ` yeah , they can kick someone out and theoretically ban someone from practicing in a particular area , but we ' ve seen how well that worked . ''
i was the kind of guy who existed in the gray area of life ... in between the bad and the good , kind of stuck being pulled in both directions .
she was consigned here by her parents because of a particular inclination she exhibited in the area of mores .
adams , an artsy area of young professionals .
how do you work through the gray areas so fast ? ''
now that she was sure of her own feelings , she planned to include derek in every area of her life , lavishing him and his daughter with enough affection that he would n't be able to deny they belonged together .
just because the staff in your area is questionable , it does n't mean every office is under the influence of this baskerov person .
that there were those in that area who needed her .
whispers about her had floated through every area of quantico .
` ` i ' ve had extensive training in the area of sneaky . ''
there 's no gray area there . ''
i was still a gray area for pagiel , but he knew with black - and - white certainty that kiyo was a threat .
i know how to walk in that gray area , '' i retorted .
children - that 's another gray area , but first things first .
there was no gray area with my brother .
and the real growth area , according to our research , is in their sense of well - being .
he said he appreciated that the development would have some economic benefits for the town , but the watersports school would run the risk of destroying the town 's one area for tourist growth : the whales and dolphins .
it was the gray area that kept causing us so much grief and pain .
she is well known for operating on the nuanced edge of acceptable behaviour , for which petty crime she has found herself unofficially banished to the fringes of divine society , that grey area occupied by the neither especially damned nor the especially favoured .
even to form a question that would answer her / their qualms would direct her / their steps into areas that neither wanted ( one consciously , the other instinctively ) to enter .
the only reason to risk their lives against the jotunn is if they enter our area , or if we have a chance to kill them all .
for no other reason than a petty need to exert their control , they restrict jehovahs servants to our areas of operation .
it was an awkward grey area that she could never put into words , no matter how hard she tried .
the toralii ship was now too close for the beijings rail guns to hit and was within the area of effect of their own nukes .
he has this little area of power and he wants to show us all how big he is .
so much gray area in life .
` ` this is a classified area , so whoever you are , you 'd better have the right clearance ! ''
areas flickered from red to yellow to green .
however , greeg children were still free to dream about which exact area of schmold production they would like to be a part of .
he s quite the influential man in questionable areas of london .
it 's lock - down classified and a central hub to other strategic areas of operation in the government .
she was following simons orders by not touching the ball , and was staying out of the area of action by flying towards another corner .
i ve spent all my credits in very limited areas .
players would live incarnations and score higher in certain areas of play .
by doing this , and allotting specific areas of responsibility , our moves are more fluid and considerably less stressful - we now have groups who assemble and disassemble camps very fast , and the preparation and serving of food ca n't be bettered .
is there life beyond the area of what we can see ?
acknowledgements over the years it took me to write this book , many people in many areas contributed in one way or another to its completion .
by putting them in one area , they were able to be amongst themselves and do whatever it was they liked to do , instead of forcing them into lives of constant desperation and failure .
he s the law in this area .
we already know of the truth and the gray areas .
i write in three areas of fiction science fiction , fantasy , and mystery .
i know that 's your area nella , but you were so wrapped up in this whole mess- he had a stroke .
the man should have a familial resemblance to beros , but that 's a wide area to cover .
the parent company , telecasa , lost a fortune compensating victims of crime before their programmers reclaimed the mountains of money , re - marketing security products such as scrambler , buffer and white - out which limited or prevented the use of etp in certain areas , be they personal or public .
his command in that area had now been given to another captain .
we had worked in the same areas before but he kept to himself - was a commander .
my area of expertise is neuromagical studies .
why there is growth in both of them and deterioration in other areas , i do nt know .
the fact that they were protecting her in the same area as key political figures also meant that someone felt she was an important political object herself .
in general engineering which sounds bland but the reality is , he studied multiple disciplines and was qualified to work in many areas .
klent ventured , very interested considering it was his area .
i ve made some , er , acquaintance with robots in that area , including some in the aberdeen police department .
i heard the energy sector is the new , up and coming area and more resources will be directed there .
her specialty area is the geology of the ancients world , and interpreting ancients landmarks .
you are already in a gray area as far as interstellar law goes .
after 9/11 , as you are well aware , if we can legally expand our areas of surveillance and it results in saving american lives , we feel we are just to use whatever means necessary , craig said .
the main area of contingency had always been her relationship with paul .
we do nt know how they found each other or how they connected with damacene the druglord , for all we know they can smell each other , yet by joining with him they have managed to extend limited control over all areas of public and private sectors .
it consisted of two areas , one as manufacturing and the other smaller area was research .
it consisted of two areas , one as manufacturing and the other smaller area was research .
the union was smart and had spies in many areas , they had studied the reactions of the various human groups and following the basic procedures of the lightgivers in new mexico , they sent an unmanned probe through first with their basic information and specially tailored message for the marshal and request for a meeting .
the early nuclear counter attack had limited the invaders ability to fight and maintain superiority in all areas .
his contacts in the executive branch had confirmed that the chief justice was opposed to any impeachment as well as being prevented from leaving his current area due to national security reasons .
rock had explained the meaning and implications of a red door , and although clyde felt that their security procedures were actually quite good compared to their security features in other areas , at least it still made him feel a bit anxious .
then they blanketed the web , the airwaves and the print media with anodyne statements designed to reassure the public and isolate the situation : the unidentified species of bird or reptile which has recently appeared in our public areas is being monitored and analyzed by the authorities .
there is a gray area there .
there is a gray area since we left until now .
we felt alive , we did nt feel like robots , but we inhabited a grey area between man and machine .
everything seemed to speed up , or slow down , like a computer game running at ten frames per second elshan too was a terror to the esstons and it seemed odd , in that flitting area of thought there was left in curiba at that moment , that elshan could be so violent .
since cloning falls under that same umbrella , its in a big gray area , where its neither explicitly illegal or explicitly legal .
in her occasional optimistic moments she thought she did a satisfactory job in her major areas of responsibility : arts and crafts , the library , vocational training and outings .
there is a large gray area that swings back and forth , and has no fixed ideology .
towards the end it all ebbs back from the primitive area of intervention into the museum of the brain and the best you can hope for is a woman saying things like that .
usually the alpha male of its area .
it sort of pushes him into that little grey area between classes .
would there be a definitive line between good and bad , or will there be gray areas ?
would it all be a gray area , where people are led down the wrong path ?
how could a force so strong enter his area of control and destroy the platform and leave with no trace .
a possible area of redemption may be immediately at hand !
however , as you know , these stones would only be placed in an area of great power .
wealth was often used as a form of encouragement and reward for officers who maintained a strong command in their area of supervision .
it would be pointless to remain here and continue trying to protect the temple when it was far beyond their area of protection .
lieutenant pang escorted them out of the secure area , and soon they were standing in the hallway at captain dickensons office .
it was the grey area in between that caused the problems .
baldurs company often pushed for improvements out of this grey area , and they seemed content with the slight advantage that this bought them .
it 's that gray area again . ''
a vague area of darkness moved ahead of him , and , against the less - dark sky , a figure appeared .
not only the chance to do work of the kind i like best in an area that nobody has ever worked in before .
the assumptions can be made over a gray area of uncertainty and one can shade them in one direction or another with perfect honesty , but in accord with - uh - the emotions of the moment .
however , i still hold some influence in selected areas of santanni .
there was no way to insulate a mother superior completely from what went on within her sensory area of concerns but sometimes pressures of work distracted her from small changes .
i 'd enter her life and occupy a certain area .
the body of death can only thrive in an area of magic , so it resides in the demon universe .
it was in his area of responsibility , and he did n't like me .
we care only about our own little town ; we do not worry about a victory by the god of wrath out here , in the rest of the world -- we think only of our puny area .
in fact , make it somebody in the acting field here in this area ; she was a celebrity - fucker . ''
you are responsible for that area . ''
` ` you ' ve got a good area of second - degree burns . ''
as a regional commander of the wardens , you have the authority to summon a conclave in matters pertaining to your duties and your area of command .
ramona : my dear , trade agreements vary so widely from planet to planet that it 's become a gray area for nearly any large company .
no more operating in the gray areas .
i do n't do well with gray areas .
` ` her talents do n't lie anywhere close to the same areas mine do .
why did a rat population thrive in one area , but fail in another ?
and so far as timothy atwood knows , what happens is perfectly straightforward : offer made , offer accepted , nephew shines in all the right areas , nephew graduates and prepares to enter uncle 's furniture business after six months spent touring post - world war i europe .
the old gowachin 's behavior was consistent with the demands of his own legal system , but it immediately magnified the area of conflict by an enormous factor .
that 's why i ' m here , taking my life into my hands to infiltrate the restricted area , '' ian said dryly , and then his voice was utterly serious again .
` ` chicago is your area of responsibility , warden dresden . ''
` ` when it comes to defending and protecting my area of responsibility as a warden , i damned well can .
such organisms are my primary area of expertise .
no gray area from his perspective .
though the depths seemed empty , the area just around the santhid teemed with life , as did the area under the ship .
the area around him lightened .
there are restraints on us - certain areas we may not enter .
they were functioning in a grey area , and there were all sorts of opportunities for serious missteps on either side .
i 'd mistakenly thought life was going to be easy and that things i 'd done far from here would have no consequences out of their immediate area and time .
you 're in that gray area in between .
the lieutenant shows talents in different areas of my militia units .
there 's a lot to be done in every area of existence .
remember , i said i was the one overseeing this area .
there are two areas of concentrationand both of them are in telan .
we will all be working in such different areas .
at keyton that made him the standout best in some areas but he knew at places like county high , where there were thirty kids in a class , average at everything would mean he was just that : average .
it emits electronic signals uniquely programmed to eliminate your particular areas of superiority and/or inferiority .
it was nt where someone who possessed three areas of superiority would choose to live if she had a choice in the matter .
watson was originally able to answer questions in natural language with access to two hundred million pages of content which consumed somewhere in the area of four terabytes of data .
as for me and mike , our relationship bore no contingencies , and i could stay out of the grey area .
phil and hank were both boating enthusiasts and shared a competitive streak within that area .
i outlined a series of goals and the managers went off somewhere on their own to think about what they could do in their area of responsibility that would help us succeed .
ready to pounce on any ball that comes into your area ! ''
if gran was here i would ask her if there is a history of fits in the family , there s a grey area in my brain , with each question the grey erases my doubts and fears , as if there s something or someone trying to stop me from knowing the truth .
nobody in the organization is even likely to perceive that scientific solutions may exist because such things are will 's area and nobody knows what he does or thinks .
these obstacles are created to evaluate you in three areas ; intelligence , physical aptness and emotional endurance .
every area of life seemed to have its celebrities and he was a huge business celebrity .
that redirection has required austerity in other areas of society .
but djimon had given up trying and so he was particularly happy to have this igbo wife now with no past to cause problems in this area .
the general insecurity in the area , according to shell , is what prevents it from running maintenance programs that might otherwise be run .
may i explain in more detail to update those working in other areas ?
now he was in contact with other areas , keeping these contacts secret so only he knew any vital information , except for one person who was his confidant .
he runs several of the companies in the florence and phoenix areas .
even though fiction , depending upon personal beliefs , the topic of reincarnation and past life regression may be a gray area between reality and science fiction .
the ags office has decided our agreement is only applicable to my area of authority .
is your area of operations restricted to northern ireland ?
when he was active , beesely knew about our ... activities in this area .
for dad he was the loyal staff member , knowledgeable in all areas .
well , i m still in that area and have been working closely with our local mexicali agent , juan garcia .
he knew that what he did was frowned upon by certain areas of society .
at that time it was ian 's plan to give each of his close collaborators a specific area of responsibilities .
the government grants are also meant to help in that area .
humans then went on to use fire in other areas of their life .
chapter 6 : 1492 - 1517 by 1499 , stefano crispis studio in naples was one of many in an area of burgeoning artistic activity inspired by the creative genius of the renaissance .
candidates who fail to move to the next level are relocated to work in an area that only requires their already proven skills .
as if sensing their thoughts and defiant of them , the four foot tall reptilian creature understood the greatest area of resistance remaining in the bent frame of the threshold .
recently divorced and showing all the signs of being in acute pain at the loss of his teenage daughter -- she and the mother had moved to california -- he was a somber yet aggressive first - generation product of new yorks hells kitchen area who d come up the academic ladder the hard way : tuitionless city college in new york before the open admissions policy ; full scholarship for five years of graduate work at columbia while working as a teaching assistant to help pay the rent ; two dozen articles and three books -- one of them i knew to be a definitive text in his field -- since receiving his doctorate .
its in a tough area and i do nt want to leave her alone , he says , noticing that carolina is smiling .
at least he had the information he was looking for , but there were still some gray areas .
but when transitioned to area two something failed and he unlearned the calm learned in area one .
frustratingly , area one had been specifically designed to filter out those unsuited for apprenticeship in area two .
frustratingly , area one had been specifically designed to filter out those unsuited for apprenticeship in area two .
that is why in area two you will learn the art of expert knife sharpening .
ralph recognized them as the area two members ( save for charles ) : his father , his grandfather donald , his uncle alburt , his uncle chase , his cousin prestin , and his cousin dwade .
people who can have successful careersyet you maintain your interests in other areas , like orienteering , hiking , and archery and american history , said zachary .
i want each of you to go back to your areas of responsibility and brief your staff at every level .
their world contained only black and white , right and wrong and none of the gray area in between .
in this area , he could act with impunity .
they must realize that its my area and did nt want to intrude .
it has its tendrils in social media and has even reached farther into the web and made its way into mainstream economical areas .
andtexas business and government officials , maybe from other states too , meeting with chinese businessmen while traveling to mexico to the different ports and other areas of interest .
and he was already scared and shaken at the possibilities of things to come , because scott was far from his comfort zone , a safe area of life that he had left when he shot and killed his roommate .
i really did nt like this gray area of life that i had stumbled into .
i did nt like being in this gray area .
just as i had caught up and accepted the reality of travelling through gray zones , i was thrown into another gray area .
the admiralty law is in power , but there are a lot of gray areas .
i was not going to allow myself to once again think and worry about the gray areas these people moved in .
then i would have to think how my association with these guys kept pushing me deeper into these gray areas .
for me it was moving in lifes gray areas that i did nt like .
there would also be the speculation whether these people preferred to buy art at sea because of its legal gray area , colin added .
i know your area is tracking the fukushima radiation problem and adeles is tracking robotics and the star wars issue .
i place my leg onto the vibrating ground , beyond this still area of protection , and set it down .
her own personal life was pretty much a void , and the disaster area that posed as her family was not something alicia wanted to share , even with someone as sympathetic and non - judgmental as raymond .
shed excel in every area of her life due to her own drive , spurred on by the undying support of her loving parents .
but if you hang a right by mistake , you enter the real area of danger -- the poverty stricken , violent neighborhood of chorillo .
the jews and wops have all the power now , and he wants to muscle in on some of it , especially the lucrative docklands , outside his area of influence but not for long , he thinks .
my area of research is around the concilium putus visum .
* visit cindy on her blog : cindymhogan.com * for series trivia , sneak peeks , events in your area , contests , fun fan interaction , like the watched * facebook page : watched - the book * and google+ here * follow cindy m. hogan on twitter : watched1 loved the watched trilogy ?
do n't worry replies lucien smoothly , this is my assistant , and she is fully trained in the area of treating historical material with the respect it deserves .
the vet did nt see the gray areas , only the fact that he had to fight and so should everyone else , no matter the circumstances .
your daddy does n't often tread in my areas and i try never to tread into his .
there are no doubts or grey areas in the simulation .
at least some areas of commerce were burgeoning .
` ` citizen laverock , what is your progress in this area ? ''
they were also learning how to overcome fear in all areas of their lives .
her posters still covered the walls : basketball , football , race cars and any other sport to drive gramm nuts , things devoid of femininity one of her many areas of rebellion .
admittedly , the roman calendar does not mesh perfectly with astrological markers , so there is some gray area in the prediction .
the gray area between yes and no .
the group 's area of responsibility includes the atlantic seaboard from asbury park to cape may .
' that after probate , legal fees , and a few other small deductions , the total should be in the area of thirty million dollars . '
then i remembered the howling gale that had accompanied the train , and i widened my area of search .
and if he is n't faking , we 're in a real gray area .
it 's a real gray area .
on his recent visit to moscow , i understand that he expressed satisfaction with your efforts in this area .
morton 's big area is science and technology .
i feel strongly we should be protecting american capacity in high - tech areas .
working within a moral gray area was commonplace at the consortium - an organization whose lone ethical high ground was that they would do whatever it took to keep a promise to a client .
the black area was growing .
` ` a company known as cedar international has approached us , expressing an interest in a number of kruger - brent 's more profitable business areas . ''
they 're not active in any of our business areas or we would have heard of them . ''
` ` what i mean is that the reports indicated that they were dealing in gray areas where there were no clear - cut criteria for establishing what society calls sanity .
` ` because he knows that in this area , i am smarter and stronger . ''
every movement must have its zealots , its shock troops who inhabit that dark area beyond madness that compels them to hurl themselves against impenetrable barricades to make a statement heard across the land .
` ` it 's a gray area , i 'd have to go back and reread . ''
mon dieu , neo nazis in the most secret areas of the government !
what would that translate to in area effectiveness ? ''
` it 's a grey area . '
` ` we 're in a gray area , '' stated casset .
it 's a gray area .
jurisdiction was always a gray area , and we all knew we were beaten from the get - go .
this is your area of expertise .
with the proper financing in the required areas , all this can be guaranteed ' varak paused , then added , ' guaranteed , that is , with the proper candidate , and i believe we ' ve found him . '
it has infiltrated the most sensitive and powerful areas of both our governments .
i will not be compromised in other areas . ''
bray moved swiftly within the perimeters of the russian 's logical area of movement , his eyes adjusting to the darkness , his ears picking up every noise foreign to the fields and the woods .
he was a tough cop who saw no gray areas in the law .
he briefly covered the area of damages .
chatting off the record like this with a juror was not improper , but was certainly in the gray area of trial procedure .
it 's a gray area , i grant you , but canfield knows what i ' m talking about . '
it was in the delicate area of security , and no one wanted to step over the line .
pharmaceuticals , information technology , automobile and truck manufacturing , and telecommunications are just a few of the areas .
the only gray area in the rehearsals had been picking the exact moment to drop the defense and start the offense .
more his area than mine . ''
it was only one favor in an area that lives on favors and under - the - table information , and it was notable only because it was the first link in the chain that led to the final destruction and loss of life .
someone stepping into your area of expertise , faggot ? ''
because there 's very little gray area in the motivations of adults who encounter children who are n't their own ; you either a , help that child or , b , exploit her .
the next morning , the globe ran a story citing several tenants in the building who described the relationship between officer coughlin and the ficaras as quite social , so social in fact that his relationship with tessa ficara may have crossed into unseemly areas ; there was even some question as to whether he had paid for her favors .
nanos do make sure immortal males function in all areas . ''
` ` jeb 's teachings did n't allow for much gray area , if any .
sara would work in those areas to accomplish what she could before she moved on .
why do you insist on leaving the areas of safety i provide for you ? ''
there would n't be more than one master in an area , not even related .
it was a moment 's work to read through the names of the three women in sophronia 's area who had also once attended mademoiselle geraldine 's .
some just manage to channel it into other areas . ''
` ` everything hurts you so badly , you canna distinguish areas of agony .
they work more in the area of investigation . ''
the only other area of calm was around private maladict , who was drinking coffee like a young man relaxing in a pavement cafe , with the air of someone who has life thoroughly worked out .
still , you need to know security and boundary details , as well as profiles of those who work in those areas . ''
the mortal man had worked the exit of the science division of argeneau enterprises for nearly five years now and was being rotated out to another area to prevent him from noticing that many members of the staff did n't age .
so what is the research project you will be doing in our area , brian ? ''
melinda is special in those areas .
more than that , the nymphs ' passion spilled into every area of their lives .
it 's not our area , especially not right now . ''
our position in this area requires that we maintain the strictest discipline .
to me it felt more like no place , some area between existence and nonexistence , but mysteries like this were beginning to feel almost routine now that i 'd become a wraith .
it was a gray area he wanted to avoid .
but to be considered a true elemental , you had to be gifted in one of the four main areas - air , fire , ice , or stone .
i was the rarest of elementals in that i was able to tap into not one but two areas , ice and stone .
it 's an exceptionally rare gift , being able to tap into two elemental areas like that .
most elementals are only gifted in one area - air , fire , ice , or stone - but i had the rare ability to tap into two areas .
most elementals are only gifted in one area - air , fire , ice , or stone - but i had the rare ability to tap into two areas .
you had to be gifted in one of the four main areas - air , fire , ice , and stone - to be considered a true elemental , but lots of folks could tap subsets of those areas .
you had to be gifted in one of the four main areas - air , fire , ice , and stone - to be considered a true elemental , but lots of folks could tap subsets of those areas .
since vinca was in charge of that area , i wondered why she had n't mentioned anything .
thick black letters on a white background read : im-1 : infectious magic area do not enter authorized personnel only under the sign , someone had drawn a skull with horns , just to hammer home the point .
my half - brother works in the denver area .
it seems to be able to do things that affect all four areas .
she generally does n't have to leave the la area to make a living , but she understands the strategic part of doing personal favors for the right people , and i ' m one of those people .
you and chandler have multiple promo commitments in the la area this week , starting tomorrow - ' glenn shuffles into the kitchen , but stops and turns when he hears the voice blaring from the receiver .
my boss was a man named jaxon hall , the mime - lord responsible for the i-4 area .
` ` maybe not , but between shining cleanliness and not smelling , there is a vast gray area . ''
i never realized how much you skirted in the gray area to suit your needs . ''
` ` psychiatry is my area of expertise .
i live inside the gray areas and love it .
it 's times like these i ' m happy that i live in the gray areas of life .
i ' m the one who lives in the gray areas of life , not avi , so he should n't be reprimanded .
but i do n't , because little white lies are in that gray area of life i live in .
even if the military does n't have any gray areas , i still do .
like patch , his moral boundaries were drawn in the gray area between black and white .
our biggest area of weakness is spy recruiting .
shades of gray ... one big , giant gray area i could n't think about right now .
it 's like one big gray area with them . ''
people can use them to advance in any areas of their lives .
i ca n't quibble in the gray areas of this life you live , i ' m going to be honest with you and i expect you to be honest with me as well . ''
either you were friend or you were foe , with no gray area in between .
jules , however , possessed a sixth sense about the grey area i knew nothing about .
before they had a chance to align themselves to jump for the door handle , they ended up leaving the grenades area of gravity influence .
i think that in the moral area of the human experience there does exist to some extent a struggle between good and evil .
no matter what anyone else said , there was no opaque grey area .
i have been reading this manifest of all the projects in our area this year , not just our own , but everyones .
before we proceed to the area of scientific interest , we will make a treaty inspection at the american base .
there had been many discussions around the ornament in which the members of the team bemoaned the fact that they were limited to an area of operations that could only include the ross ice shelf , and they were certain that their presence was required in many places that they could not reach .
why am i so intent upon going outside of my small area of the world looking for things to get upset about ?
headquarters told him there was a large cache of weapons within our area of operations , and that s all the reason this lifer needed to send our armored cavalry unit firing out into the boonies looking for anything we could find .
he did nt seem to understand very much of what was going on outside of his tiny area of responsibility , and he was busy , busy , busy all the time shining boots and polishing brasswork and running back and forth with coffee and tea .
it is apparent that what we would describe as the civilized world is now limited to the southeast asian nations with thailand , indonesia , singapore , vietnam , australia , and new zealand as the worlds leaders in every area .
aside from cybils fresh attitude , rachael did nt like someone under her area of responsibility traveling without informing her in advance , even if she was new to the department .
he was searching for companies who wanted to open up a second center of operations , or a manufacturing plant , in his area of government .
steven would train in another area , separate from paul , until it was deemed that he had learned the basic skills necessary to protect paul .
you are , however , required to stay awake , alert , and in this area while paul is asleep in his bed .
the only effective area of attack against her husband in the fight to diminish the separation of powers was legal aspects paraded in the media .
he has to learn to live , sometimes , in the gray area of life and strike a balance .
with my body twas an impossible task to try and restore any semblance of order , one thing which i craved ceaselessly in all areas of life .
wesson had an idea but he needed cooperation and while the two officers were extremely helpful he was about to ask for something out of the realm of assistance , something which was in the grey area of legality .
and , like their organic kin , they thrived on magic , becoming even more powerful in areas of high ambient vim .
you went as far as to say that many people in your area of the living world do nt really believe in entities such as she .
the predicted low pressure area had been moving steadily northward faster than predicted and building in strength .
today he was mostly known for his contribution to children 's literature , but julian knew him from other areas as well .
therefore , he collected quite interesting and inspiring people , even if they were working in different areas of the club .
` ` this is the biggest crowd we ' ve ever had here , revenue in all areas is way up , the biggest press contingent ever from areas of the globe we only dreamed of reaching , what 's wrong with you man you should be bathing in champagne .
bella and rose were too well known to operate in the areas of need and hurst was suddenly having problems with albert hollis .
all enchantments are her area .
the jews are particularly troublesome in the area of commerce .
that was still a grey area for me ... ` ` all right then , korean it is , '' i said a bit more cheerful than i felt .
with no gray areas things somehow became quite simple and his mission equally clear .
everyone trains in each area to the point of proficiency before choosing the path that suits their talents best , focusing there , and excelling above and beyond typical human capabilities .
you will then learn to unleash your essence within those three areas effectively .
dividing siberia into areas of responsibility made those generals study their territory in detail .
whole areas of meaning began to stir and shift as i connected jane 's cave of the occult , the cave of my grandfather 's greek scholarship , my father 's cave of logical obsession , the cave dream i had just had this reverie was interrupted when one of the band members came up to me and said , ` ` i think there 's something really important about your coming here tonight .
and george made sato sit with every last one of them , sometimes for hours , asking them questions , gathering information on their assigned areas , looking for clues on the strange happenings in the realities .
they had too many problems to deal with in their own areas of responsibility .
he wanted to know more about the rest of the continent ; that was a bit of a gray area for him .
our permits and licenses give us clearance in many areas .
the souls of the world were never her area of interest .
i want you to steer clear of the boise area i m not going anywhere .
there is no in - between or gray area .
everyone else developed a sort of natural understanding of the job , realising that there was a grey area in the established laws .
amazingly , so deep was the level of control that the other waiters had ignored the whole affair and continued working , completely oblivious to any negative distractions outside their immediate area .
` ` i 'd therefore add a new dimension to my area of search , if i were you .
he realized , as it began to take affect , that he would never be able to keep enough power flowing into the spell structure from outside its area of effect .
although he was no great tracker - the city was his area of expertise , after all - he possessed at least enough bush - craft to realise that the fugitives had neither split up nor doubled back and that he was gaining on the fugitives , but so intent on the chase he was totally oblivious to the fact that he had become separated from the rest of the trifles .
i m no good at healing , that is lepah or lonas areas really or i would offer to help .
wizards are skilled in many areas .
if she let any area of power slip , she was doomed .
will have three heroes in area at time of robbery .
but that new - found strength had n't quite translated into every area of her life .
w - when my father passed , i was forced to take over some areas .
but it definitely had its areas , and i was one to soon find that out .
perfectly indifferent to that as to everything else , they stare up at the ruined ceiling and try to maintain their minds in a neutral area of blankness .
so they d enlarged his area of activities ( manageable though ) with the earth - centered universe bounded by star - studded crystalline musical spheres .
having higher moral standards for living is a sure path for success in every area of life .
well that marks the end of my area of responsibility .
why i am leading a group of reckless kids , like me , into a real criminal area ; one that we really know nothing about ?
he also knows which ones to position in what areas .
as for time , i m pretty busy keeping up with all the non - cosmetic stuff in my area .
when i went into the precognitive area of conlan 's mind and accessed the future ...
` ` we 're creating a gray area here that 's eventually going to cause confusion .
` ` it 's easier if i ' m in an area of magic . ''
you were bound to get them in any area where you had wizards or priests of an experimental turn of mind .
but from time to time death checked up to see that things were functioning properly or , to put it another and more accurate way , properly ceasing to function in the less significant areas of his jurisdiction .
and right now his careful orbit of the less dangerously political areas of the damn party had brought him face to face with lord charles venturi .
hell , veck could write the dialogue , and he knew the tricks ; how the interviewer could shade things or suggest the truth even if there were gray areas .
` ` the kind you have right when you 're in that gray area between waking and sleeping .
the compulsion was clicking in , but not strongly ; there were , i sensed , still gray areas to exploit .
of those , the top masters of each area had djinn to focus and amplify their powers .
[ first know that there are only four constants in that area of existence where your lives and ours , the lives of the - [ overlap .
the term ' cargo cult ' whirled past , and was followed by a short dissertation on the hypothesis that all water , everywhere , knows where all the other water is , some interesting facts about hyphenated silicon and what happens to it in the presence of cheese , the benefits and hazards of morphic resonation in areas of high background magic , the truth about identical twins and the fact that if the fundamental occult maxim ' as above , so below ' was true , then so was ' as below , so above ' ...
` ` i ' m planning a job in this area .
no , if soothing were simple ` ` mind control , '' tindwyl would have turned away from sazed as soon as the two left breeze 's area of influence .
in other areas , however , he suppressed technological advancements .
that no amount of training could prepare you for the knowledge that there are a lot of gray areas . ''
everyone had a set time to die , but they also had free will that could cast them into a gray area .
` ` we ' ve found ourselves in a bit of a gray area , but we ' ve reached what we feel is a fair compromise , and we were hoping you would be amenable .
... mr clarence harry ( 39 ) begs to inform the public that he has lost a valuable watch , probably in the area of dolly sisters .
that birgitte had managed to convince her to remove herself from the immediate area of combat - a trolloc breakthrough could come at any moment - did not sit well with her .
i imagine you struggled to adjust to the moral grey areas yourself at first . ''
i suspected eli probably was n't a teacher here - especially with all signs pointing to a serious drug problem - but he could have worked in other areas of the school : security , maintenance , administration .
seizure of women is a grey area .
descriptions there were of men and a few women known for acting outside the law but leaving no proof of it , methods they favored , areas they worked and , most important , relations known to have .
in his mind , there were no grey areas any longer , for each situation was addressed , and if it was not , it was considered a matter of social legalism , which held no merit in his opinion .
rather , they saw this as the start of new times in which greek culture and science expanded into areas that alexander had opened .
farther they ventured , beyond the area of probability into that of only possibility , and that of small .
with other characteristics , however , mendel was aware he was in a gray area .
halliday and rikard had presented the accounts from their separate areas of responsibility , and then the four of them had begun to consider the possibility of bass purchasing a second saloon across the tracks on the south side .
that s not my area of responsibility .
in an interview i did with a gentleman who claims to have been a young technical writer for one of these teams ( name withheld by request ) , some of the projects that the budding u.s . military - industrial complex was sponsoring may have , in the mind of some scientists , ventured into ethical gray areas .
besides , this was not his area .
there were certain areas that we instinctively avoided ; areas that none of us felt we should enter .
there were certain areas that we instinctively avoided ; areas that none of us felt we should enter .
he all but ran to the seeing sphere and dropped the area of focus to each of the four decrees , moving from one idiotic mission to the next until he found the one titled , mission four : golden one , with the name , kowin - royal healer , listed in the details of the decree .
when they re coming from eight - year - old mouths , you can be reasonably certain that they re not true , but where adults are concerned there s a bit of a grey area ; its hard to discern who s telling the truth and who s making it up just for the sake of telling a story .
if he has control in those areas .
you have to have an area of authority to force her back , paul .
he has to control you and he can only do that by keeping you in his area of authority somehow .
your precious cabin has an opening in my area of authority .
and through those discussions , angelo had come to understand a great deal about personal perspectives : views such as right and wrong and the gray areas that obscured those absolute certitudes .
scott was willingly involved in all areas of his childrens lives and was sincerely attentive to his wifes needs and desires .
any areas we should stay out of ?
broca 's area processes language .
if i fed on sex involuntarily , then it would be covered under the date - rape psychic and magic ability law , but if i feed on anger , it 's a gray area . ''
in other states , they might offer him a permanent place in one of the government areas for shapeshifters , but nevada , like most of the western states , still has varmint laws on the books .
there are gray areas in print identification , sure .
you spoke of gray areas .
for the last ten years his wife had been walking somewhere in a gray area between devotion to her baptist faith and what he considered to be a mild religious mania .
what ties did she have to this area ?
other private schemes were also sanctioned in all sorts of areas of employment .
a bloodless card was a passport to the most extravagant areas in vampire society .
i knew what it was like to have my every move watched while i was in certain areas of vampire society , and endure looks of scorn and loathing .
he had done so every year but only bella had recognised that he had some talents in the area and had allowed him to expand his role .
every male abandoned his job in the following areas : military , construction , mining , assembly , farming , sewage , waste management , and repairs .
dr rodding had a special interest in the gray area between modern medicine and ancient lore .
that sense of being in a forbidden area of pleasure , rarely shown in society , stirred her own feminine waters , bringing the arousal to the surface of her thinking , and raising her body temperature .
oh wait , it does list here that there will be an open - door beautician meeting in her area this evening .
the church of spiritual flower studies owned the other parts of the religious outfit , an intricate web of thirty two entities , among them copyright , patent and trademark divisions owning and amending the official scriptures of the church , including the book decadence , computer - led management centers , foundations , orientation groups and video making units like the telval adult production studios , publicity agents for expensive beauty products such as elony , a lab of artificial ingredients , international lobbying advocates and think tanks , fund raisers , a real estate division , underground facilities , various business units , high finance investment units , funds and global trading areas , one network of opinion leaders , and various authorization and verification groups .
people live in gray areas about some things , and they live in black or white areas in others .
i live in a gray area there .
plouriva had made sure that none of her staff would be working in this area .
last week i innocently mentioned to a co - worker that i needed to go visit one of the manufacturing plants under his area of responsibility .
send in one of the powers you know this is more their area than mine . ''
and so , i began to become more involved in the area .
he sees the world in simple right and wrong , black and white , while i focus on extenuating circumstances and flounder around in the gray areas of life .
by the time he got moved into a more controlled environment , the central office of that area , i was old enough to shadow him at work on christmas eve each year .
but you told me you were making me a supervisor so that when it gets busy , mark did nt have to supervise two areas at once .
what made it so terrible was that jeff was not concerned with the amount of work we were getting out per evening , or how much time was spent in each area .
since i needed to meet more women in my area anyway , i took to the mommyverse .
` ` illegally parked sculptures are a grey area in the law .
i do nt mean to ride roughshod over anyones steadfast views or the hard work which has gone into plans to combat our growing area of responsibility .
bruno was an early test of my will to oblige even those animals that fall into the gray area of my consideration .
you know , yani has been trying to expand their business into new areas and he s really pushing the catering .
what you give up in one area , you can compensate for in others .
but then came the first hints of a weakening : stray photons exploded into his consciousness ; a vague grey area intruded on the peripheries ; and far off , in the subjective centre , glowed a further light , stronger than the others , radiating a starry corona of inducement .
she will grow to adulthood , do some service in that area of helping older persons , then come back here while she is still young .
it opens up an entire new area for investigation .
it was a grey area that could very easily spell the end of any budding news - anchors dreams including steves .
were going to place these we love you batlights all over town , well away from our area of work and then trigger them remotely .
and all without the ambiguous areas of past lives or visions , she reflected .
however , it was even these incontrovertible facts that were most puzzling for rakesh-7 , as they were difficult to ascertain , regardless of the courts repeated attempts to make the process of investigation simpler and less subject to gray areas .
in the area of industrial science , pasteur also invented the process of pasteurization to help prevent the spread of disease through milk and other foods .
like the rmyana , the mahbhrata addresses many questions related to dharma , and about how both individuals and societies should actdiscourses that have provided inspiration for hindus in many areas of life .
just entered we have begun to turn as japanese tourists among the shelves of the small market of the area of service .
these my friends from area place .
in certain areas of society , their lives eventually became so artificial and so removed from any natural base , that there was rumored to be no odor at all .
i shrugged as if the answer might be in a vague area between yes and no .
i asked , though my pride was already an area of deep despoliation .
that this has not happened is partly due to the scientists themselves who too busily occupied in their complex work areas have no time to disseminate the wider implications of their ideas and discoveries .
the impact of communications on all of these areas is enormous and has led to totally new paradigms such as internet and continuous mobile connectivity .
the freudian route to mental health was to expose our inner demons and get the patient to accept them yet control them , as he controls so many other areas of his being .
as you would grow old , you would yourself see lot of grey areas in the feminism , as most teenagers turn capitalistic when they grow up .
there is no grey area , there are no inconceivable notions , no unfamiliar ground .
there used to be a time , and it still exists in the norm , that the underground represented the only publicly conservative area of the city life .
in his nearly 250 years of life and , now , as an old emaciated man completely estranged from his family and closest friendsalbeit more by circumstance than by choicehe understood the importance of this process and revered it , for there were far greater things to be done and achieved in the dark , uncertain areas of existence than in those circumscribedand thereby strainedby comprehensibility .
in spite of what esteem he may hold of himself in other areas , his true utility to the ecosystem is to provide these nitrogenous byproducts which can be absorbed by the soil .
if i was completely honest , i could n't think of one child who went missing from our area .
but , i can now see the perceptual gray area that we did not see then .
these folders contain many projects that have been lined up in each of your areas .
in her mind , the big life events just were nt his area .
it has previously been agreed between signor mussolini and myself that the mediterranean should remain his area of responsibility , and he is extremely sensitive on the subjects of his own personal prestige and honor .
intent on building up their own security area they reacted by sending a strong military mission to ankara , which resulted in a new plan for joint action against the greeks .
that had always been bens area .
` ` i recently saw an estimate that if the euro zone would merely close the gender gap and allow women into the areas where they were confident , their gross domestic product would rise by 13 % .
one has to be sacrificed for the other either in the economic or the social areas .
if you can show that you have achieved in a socially valuable area , we might give you a work permit to work with us .
in just about every area of american business the percentage of workers is falling whether its in technical , sales , management or the professional areas , the trend is severely downward .
we use computer programs and video games in many areas to transfer information .
in your country you may practice three or more hours a day in your sport or in your other areas of interest .
in order to accomplish the goals laid out in the court decisions , the number of men 's sports had to be reduced and revenue had to be increased in other areas .
here in the colonies we want to give everybody an equal opportunity to achieve financially or in what other areas they choose -- as long as they can pay their way financially .
achievement in any area is respected and socially rewarded .
but it also often put incompetent minorities in areas where they replaced competent anglo men .
a second important area of our charity is to educate children throughout the world .
this is an area where experts are encouraged to come to our country and participate in our grand plan .
but when those over - paid bastards informed him that he was in a gray area at best , king went ballistic , firing his entire legal staff .
you have excellent ability in several areas .
the divisions became areas of scholasticism , subservient to the leader .
' if the big bang theory is correct , then all this , ' i gestured towards the blue sky with a wide sweep of my hands , ' has emanated from a small area of space - time , where the laws of science as we know them break down .
he is their best trained man in every area of weapons and explosives , hesidence grunted .
and do they work in the same area ?
he ran from the elevator to his car and , as he started it and turned onto the road , he contacted captain hughes whose area of responsibility included clarks six - person tactical response team .
he did not ask anyone about it because , as virtually everybody testified , the comptroller and cfo ran the department in such a way that each employee had his / her area of responsibility and nobody was supposed to nose around in anyone else 's ' area ' .
the next area is for the deaf and additional challenges group .
is this guy in your vip area ?
improve media s area and security - simpson marco noah sergi , start us off .
improve media s area and security - simpson marco noah jacques , how are we doing on marta ?
i emailed the head of the area who was responsible for administering those servers asking for the logs to be saved if they still existed and i made sure to copy captain ward and the provost .
the impressionists , that s my area .
my late partner worked hard in that area , he said pointedly , that s where we met and became great friends .
in order to know that i am making good decisions for my people in any area , i must be very suspicious of everything very skeptical , especially these days , when it becomes harder to find the truth .
these particular circumstances constitute a gray area , but you could still get into trouble with it .
i assume they are nt in traditional female areas ?
she s highly trained in various areas .
everybody was in the gray area .
her area of expertise lay in finding and locating missing persons .
i know this is a lot to ask and normally i would nt , its just that this is outside of our area .
see , its a gray area .
there are quite a few gray areas associated with these rights , and i need to find the answers .
they ll follow your directives , should you order them to forgo their duties in one area and direct their attention elsewhere .
she was outside her area of expertise .
more realistic people saw the cracks in the social structure , and could not ignore the relentless tide of mindless vandalism and criminal behaviour creeping from the nearby town into every area of village life .
at the throne , they could find refuge and they knew lucifer would not enter into that area , because of his rebellion toward god .
he had established treatment programs in his area of expertise in san diego , and subsequently , after a move to new orleans .
no , it is a bit of a grey area in cryptozoology .
in mr . fillmores dedicated area were top hats , fancy shoes , guns and pictures of old cars .
had to be layers upon layers of new law enforcement operations in all areas of government these days that no one knew about .
` ` i did n't want to mention this yet until i had a chance to share what i ' ve learned about your facility with my family , but i ' m considering a trust fund for your prenatal area .
` ` just remember that you will be held accountable for everything in your area .
since 1996 he 's been serving as an investigator with his own area of responsibility .
operations were divided among three main areas : security consultations , which consisted of identifying conceivable or imagined threats ; counter - measures , which usually involved the installation of security cameras , burglar and fire alarms , electronic locking mechanisms and it systems ; and personal protection for private individuals or companies .
it was her third procedure in the area , and she was n't a kid anymore .
he looks like he is well - off in that area .
` ` i deal with the gray area in between the laws . ''
` ` what ... gray area ? ''
one that stands to make frost industries a lot of money , not to mention help them expand into another area of the biotech field .
` ` excuse me , but i attended the most elite prep school in my area and i graduated with honors , not that that 's any of your business .
but this movie was all about gray areas and moral ambiguity .
that was a whole lot of gray area i needed to put a little color into .
i told them that i felt ryan was looking to expand into other areas of opportunity but i did n't go into specifics .
i thought about everything the woman at the sex shop had said about the bdsm scene , and the difference between play and abuse , or the gray areas of roleplaying .
this is where it becomes a gray area . ''
and lastly , two black - haired kids , both boys , ages indeterminate but i was guessing somewhere in the area of two and six , racing through the vast space and not knowing i existed .
the rest i did n't give two shits about , and in turn , they feared a cold - blooded instrument who lived in the grey area with no right or wrong .
we 're pristine in every area of the business . ''
other members got in by proving their skill in a certain area .
moving straight into the gray area .
a gray area where it felt like her heart might break at any moment .
when she was given as much silence as possible , she explained , the project consists of giving you the opportunity to experience something different in the arts area .
in fact , i think we should have a standing meeting - every two weeks or so , to update each other on company developments and plans in our respective areas . ''
joe believed gol would have no problem in the area of protection .
grey areas leak in and they are powerful and tricky .
comments jabberwocky9 grey areas leaking ina neat idea and explains our inability to always know and make the right choices .
but ... then came nikolas and now i was existing in the dreaded gray area , no black and white to be found .
how was he going to handle spending all those hours alone , sitting next to people in the restaurant or other social areas , knowing that many of them were enjoying their last hours on earth ?
we ve established dedicated areas of research for each of the heightened trexel senses .
their freedom was limited even in this most intimate area of life .
she did nt like to mix her private life with business , particularly now , when the people belonging to both of these areas could nt have less in common .
a sacrifice in one area of life can result in something extraordinary happening in the other , often something we would nt expect in our wildest dreams .
she said she needed to explain this to him at once lest there be any grey areas .
they kept giving him an update on all they had done so far and how well they were handling their own areas .
only when i left the immediate area to seek out a job elsewhere did i finally manage to score a waitressing job .
` ` she 's gifted in several areas . ''
` ` they have no other affiliations and will be unable to work in another area .
he could see that she 'd put some real effort and time into her little area but unfortunately placing a china bowl into a sewer did n't make the sewer any better to be around .
each of them worked in different areas for the corporation and they were going to be just as pissed at their father as him .
she 'd never imagined for one minute that he was immersed in gray , murky areas or that he would even be capable of meting out violence to someone who 'd hurt something he considered his own .
` ` i do n't want you to ever be touched by the gray areas i ' m immersed in , baby .
scars that told a tale of life in the darker areas of military service and beyond , places that did n't really bear thinking about .
` ` is there an area where i can improve ? ''
he 's a salesman for a large agricultural firm , so he has a good reason for being in just about any area , and i do n't have a right to keep him from doing his job , blah blah blah .
he was fully involved with every area of her pregnancy .
your money will be invested in many areas .
though edward usually made sure any area where we were working undercover was cleared of such pesky troubles as the truth .
there is no gray area with me .
` ` then you 'd have experience - held positions - in other areas within the industry , correct ? ''
` ` what area are you working in ? ''
it was kind of a gray area of liam 's rules , but honestly , if she was in the office with a trash bag in hand , doing her job , why not take the extra ten steps to empty the bins in his personal areas ?
apparently i was getting near the edge of his own area of secrecy .
` ` lucky for you , the dreamer you want lives in an area of eccentrics .
it 's a bit of a gray area at the moment .
just not my area , i guess . ''
i spend too much time in those gray areas . ''
not that there are n't plenty of gray areas in the military , but kgi kind of makes their own rules .
but because it was all i could do to keep up in these three areas , the idea of stepping outside the boxes to do new things - travel , adventure , or spending three weeks with my brother - not only seemed impossible , but struck me as a trade - off i would regret .
` ` because i ' m willing to lend my services ... to extend your assignments into a gray area i ' ve nicknamed operation avery 's first orgasm . ''
i was thankful for this small area of peace .
in the past , i served in other areas , but estate work suits me these days . ''
she appears to be saying that while the other subsets may certainly be called on to do more in their specific areas , they ' ve done the bulk of their job there .
` ` dex 's area of expertise .
this new area is our labor of love , and although it has taken an enormous amount of time and training , we feel so blessed to be able to give someone back their dream . ''
she ran the pads of her thumbs over my n**ples and i gripped her waist tighter forcing myself to keep my hands in a safe area .
this was all part of the large gray area frank had n't explained , but she knew it was there .
fine craftsmanship is disappearing , but it stil exists in some areas , like watchmaking , for example .
you were invading every other area of my life - why not spy on my sex life , such as it was ? ''
she 'd want to push her agenda in every area of her life .
both at school and in other areas of her life . ''
deluding themselves into thinking that if they diminish themselves in one area of life , they 'll have gained so much more in another area of life . ''
there is very much a gray area when it comes to the law . ''