it was earthy with just a little spice .
she loved that they disagreed because it added so much spice to their conversations .
old spice .
i picked up a shrimp and ate it slowly ; the spices of the jerk seasoning were spicy and delicious .
he smelled of warm spice , and heat radiated up from her lower abdomen .
she tasted the soup and asked maria if they should add a little more spice .
she was fun and charming , could argue about any subject which had definitely added spice to the day .
the dinner had been catered by a restaurant in town , and the tantalizing spices and scents of mexican food hovered in the noisy air .
camille paused as a whiff of citrus and light spices danced through the air and played with her senses .
' the spice of novelty , ' she muttered , mocking both of them - the strong desire to taste a different experience .
a secret pleasure ... the spice of anticipation ... max knew he would enjoy both as he waited .
i prefer spice to nice .
no sharp wit , no spice , totally unsexy .
it could very well add a lot of spice to getting her into bed with him .
here she was drawing battle lines , warning him they were n't to be crossed , establishing herself as forbidden territory , shooting the heady spice of challenge straight into his brain .
his scent was different than usual but the signature spice was present and had its usual effect on me all the same .
this kiss was luxurious , a deep , easy hello with a hint of the spice that was to follow .
she could smell the spice of his cologne and feel the heat coming off his body .
she could smell the rich spice of his cologne when he bent over her shoulder to watch intently as she began her explanation .
this dish had a peculiar mix of olives and some kind of spice he 'd never experienced before .
if variety was the spice of life , then things would never be boring with brant stone .
they liked adopting humans ; said their unpredictability added ` ` spice '' to the process of parenting .
i waved my stick a little to add a bit spice to my threat .
he lit up one of those djarum blacks he liked so well , the spice of clove scenting the air between us .
i could smell the spice of her arousal , her need for me , for what only i could give to her .
he brought his lips to mine and kissed me sweetly , smelling of mint and spice , and letting me know he was still right with me .
my stiffness melted at his words , and i spun around to face him , burying my face into his chest , breathing in his scent of spice and cologne that had captured me from day one .
i could smell the seductive male spice coming off him .
from the sight of him before me and the scent of his cologne , all spice and wood and male .
i breathe deeply , memorizing the scent of him , all musk and masculine spices .
the sweet spice of the cinnamon , the powdery texture of the sugar , and that sweet creamy flavor that tied it all together .
i smelled our dinner on his clothes , wine on his breath , the familiar spice of his cologne on his skin .
his desire to draw out the pleasure just barely outweighed his need to succumb to it , adding a sharp spice to his already potent lust .
his male scent - sweat , spice , and musk - drove her wild .
perhaps she was in need of the spice of pain to keep her just below the threshold of orgasm .
the spice scent of his cologne filtered into her nose .
her taste was intoxicating sweet with a touch of spice .
enough space so she could n't smell his incredible , male scent that filled her head with some sort of enticing spice that she could n't identify .
it was delicious , sweet and rich , but with a hint of spice .
you need to add spice to your life - specifically your sex life - not keep it bottled up in your kitchen .
we thank you for the soil that nurtured the silage that sustained the pig , for the farmers who deal with the muck , mess and stench of a pig farm every day so that we might enjoy this tender , succulent roasted pork , simmering in its own juices and spices .
the spices from the red beans had finally seeped into her brain and turned it to mush .
the smell of fish , spices , and perfumes had hung heavy here as the capitol city had glistened on a mountain from behind stone walls .
rhea and ace were supposed to be a couple wanting to add spice to their sex life .
her taste buds reeled at the strange , sharp spices he 'd added to the bread .
clary felt the wind of the angel 's breath pass over her : it was hot like air escaping from a furnace , and smelled of strange spices .
even in the heavily pine - scented air , if i breathed in deeply , i could catch his unique scent , a mix of spice and the outdoors .
staring at the ceiling , she wondered how her life had gone from painfully orderly with the exception of random hate mail to sleeping beside the shirtless , sexy - and oh my god , he smells like soap , spice , man , and so good - brother of an ex - client while recovering from a bullet wound .
she knew the spice .
the phallus i was to wear was dipped first in a thick amber colored liquid , deliciously scented with spice , which caused my anus to itch miserably as soon as it was inserted .
he did n't even mind the smell of it - smoke and rope and tar , foreign spices mixed with the dirty river - water smell of the thames .
while clothes do not , as the saying would sometimes have it , make the man , and fine feathers do not make fine birds , sometimes they can add a certain spice to a recipe .
` ` variety is the spice of life . ''
the hangover added spice to her tone .
oh , god , the food , the spices .
he smelled divine , no hint of human spice .
her always decadent taste - sugar and spice .
hard and long and thick.his taste was decadent , wild and burning , like dark spices .
fresh and crisp with just a hint of earthy spice .
his taste was decadent , wild and burning , like dark spices .
dark spice .
i do n't like to be without him , and really , i will slaughter anyone who speaks ill of him , so that 'll add spice to my days . ''
sweet and tangy with just a little spice .
he 'd already been her consort , but he 'd added a little ... spice to the relationship .
they were parted , warm , the sweetness of her breath sawing in and out , scented with the spice of coconut .
sweet as honey , rich with spice , it filled his mouth , coated his throat , seeped from his skin , blending with sienna 's succulence .
a spike of fear added a layer of spice to the sweetness of sienna 's scent .
unapologetic , blue said , ` ` i thought the story had more spice the other way . ''
she could almost scent him , a hint of magic , a pinch of seductive spice .
a whisper of feminine spice touched his nose , and he breathed deep .
musky , a hint of spice , an edge of citrus , and so very male .
he carried a styrofoam container of food in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other , but all rachel could smell was the spice of his body wash .
just a touch of spice left over from the day and a whole lotta signature josh .
he smelled so completely male , with a touch of sweet sweat and light spice .
said that deep , rich voice that wrapped her mind in ribbons of warm dark caramel and exotic spices .
he smelled like rich , dark chocolate , with a hint of smoky spice .
dark spices , tropical citrus , male , lust ... ohmygods .
like a sweet , exotic spice of some sort .
i used to think it was some sort of expensive cologne , but now i wondered if it was his natural scent - sort of citrusy with a hint of spice .
when we came out to the clearing by the lake , the familiar lemony spice of wet bark and the heavy clay scent of decomposing leaves awakened my senses .
i could smell the strong , aromatic spice of his cologne , coming up from the heat under his shirt , and i wanted to lay on his chest and sniff him .
she breathed again , the faint echo of jasmine and dark spices drifting around her in a cloud of luxury .
he smelled of a mixture of sweat , wood , shampoo , old spice , and ... ty .
` ` old spice , '' he murmured .
but zane felt a pang of yearning for a whiff of old spice .
he 'd smell faintly of old spice , and his hair , which had grown , would be just long enough for zane to twirl around his fingers and hold onto as they kissed .
zane ran his hands over ty 's hard muscles , the smell of sweat and sex and old spice helping to convince his body that it could indeed take ty at least one more time tonight .
they choke us out with their thick scented perfumes , honey and spice and everything not nice .
i get down on my knees to meet him , take in the soft spice of his cologne and inhale .
i had n't remembered the spice in the air , the cold feeling of the wind as it lights each raindrop on fire over my flesh .
the house is alive with unfamiliar scents - cinnamon , traces of turkey lie thick in the air , a layer of candles burning , the spice of wood from the fire awakens my senses .
the spice of the flames perfume the air like an overgrown fireplace .
he smells good and clean like spices and mint , a slight woodsy scent mingles in the background .
more spice than i ' m comfortable with , and it makes me miss holt that much more .
his warm cologne washes over me , a heated spice with strong undertones of testosterone .
variety is the spice of life , after all .
` ` well , variety is the spice of life .
their spice when one of them would get pissed , but it was okay because it was based in love and loyalty and it felt good to be around , rather than shaky and dysfunctional .
you ca n't take care of his weak wife and his two boys to crawl up his ass and try to convince him you 're sugar and spice . ''
` ` talk , '' a deep voice demanded and i could smell tobacco , leather and spice .
then , that someone walked into the bedroom , i heard something fall on the chair , then the whisper of movement of the sheets , then hands at my wrist , the smell of leather , spice and tobacco and when i was released from the headboard , i knew it was lee .
` ` you enjoy a little spice and maturity .
i absorbed every scent - mud and brine , spice and musk - and my eyes drank in the colors of the people and the buildings and the ships .
` ` they would most certainly add a bit of spice to the dull evening . ''
a musky spice that clouded her thoughts and filled her senses .
the flutter over her arrival had definitely added a spice to her move to the stuck - up , overly pretentious gated community .
his eyes dilated as the spice of her arousal filled the air , his body tensing with an answering hunger .
then , as he caught the scent of wariness threaded through the rich spice of her desire , he heaved a small sigh , catching her hand a mere heartbeat before she captured his shaft and put an end to any coherent thought .
she tasted of exotic spices and danger .
a struggle always adds a nice spice to sex . ''
cassie moaned , the spice of her arousal teasing at caine 's nose as her fingers tangled in the short strands of his hair .
sweet like spun sugar , with just the slightest kick of exotic spice .
low down , his gut twisted tight as he tasted the exotic spice of her with a long , slow swipe of his tongue over her full bottom lip .
that dark spice was going other places , too .
his first instinct was to bare his fangs and bite her , to punish her , to tantalize himself - because there was no better spice to pleasure than a little pain .
sorrow permeated the air , the sad spice of it stopping him and tilting his head down as if he could look her in the eyes .
as layla repeated what she had uttered , her scent was infused with the sharp spice of fear : ` ` you may have me . ''
despite what she was wearing , she appeared soft and reserved , almost innocent - peaches and cream instead of sugar and spice .
` ` sometimes you 're more spice than sugar , '' he says .
not to mention the added spice of french sorties scattered throughout .
on the way home , angus sang the spice girls at the top of his lungs .
` ` how about those spice girls ? ''
she tasted of salt , spice , and sin .
he actually smelled her , the scent of bare skin and arousal , spice and musk , and all woman .
like soap and spice and warmth and the unmistakable hint of reboot .
the air swirled with delicious aroma of meat cooked over open fire , sauteed garlic , sweet spice .
and the fact that everyone now knew that she was related to the infamous claudia banner just added a whole lot of very hot spice to the stew that was now brewing in eclipse bay .
verity is the spice of life , '' he said .
` ` adds spice to the game .
she smelled the light scent of soap emanating from his hair and skin , a hint of spice and citrus .
deni 's mouth was all over his , lips seeking , tongue swiping into his mouth , giving him a taste of spice and wildness .
she was warm from the ride , mouth hot , skin damp with sweat , her scent filled with spice and heat .
naked ellison , towering above maria , his scent full of spice .
they met , and his taste washed over her - he tasted of toothpaste and apricot and some sort of crazy spice , and he was delicious .
she tasted of wine and apples and that enchanting indescribable feminine spice that drove all reason from his head .
chapter eight ronan scented the sharp spice of elizabeth 's fear .
ronan 's mouth was a warm place in the night , tasting of heat and spice .
beth kissed him , her lips shaking but warm , tasting of honey and her spice .
he did smell a little of whiskey , but the overall scent of him was warm , with a bite of spice .
rose was all that was warmth and spice .
the scents of a dozen herbs mixed into an earthy , slightly bitter spice in the air .
what met her nose was diego 's usual musk and spice , but something touched it a tiny bit , a hint of acrid smoke and mint she 'd smelled last night at the place where the hunter had hidden .
warm spice laced with sweetness danced over her tongue .
their mouths sought each other 's , heat , spice , and chocolate melding .
she tasted him - the slight saltiness and spice - and smel ed the exhilarating scent of his sweat mixing with a hint of his cologne .
he tasted of spice and musk , the hot bite that was him .
the heat of his body touched her like a sharp wave , bringing with it the scent of shaving soap and male spice .
she tasted of honey and whiskey , sweet spice .
she tasted herself in his mouth , all mixed up with his spice .
salt , sweet , a little bit of spice .
he tasted like raphael : spice , fire , and need wrapped into one .
the air swirled with delicious aroma of meat seared over open fire , cooked garlic , and sweet spice .
more emotions enveloped my subconscious while his scent - a rich mixture of spices , musk , and burnt sugar - filled the room .
he tasted like dark spices , rich and heady , exotic and intoxicating , filling her with heat .
mencheres 's scent intensified as well , that rich natural cologne of dark spices deepening and increasing .
mencheres 's mix of sandalwood and dark spices was interspersed with vlad 's more unusual aroma of cinnamon and ... smoke .
sarah leaned closer , inhaling the spice of the herbs and watching his poker face .
variety was the spice of life and he had a lot of lost time to make up for .
it had enough spice to leave me reaching for my tea after each piece .
` ` cook added a different spice , i think .
but there was a hint of spice rising up from the shirt where her hands had warmed the silk .
the fact that jaenelle was the queen of ebon askavi and they both served in the first circle of her court just added spice to their shouting matches .
a girl who has the perfect mix of sugar and spice .
chapter 5 - ` ` variety is the spice of life '' it 's saturday night .
it 's like he 's noah , sean , and zander all mixed together with extra daniel spice .
i took another bite and chewed quickly , barely enjoying the flavor , mostly trying to choke it down before the spice caught up with me .
it smelled just like him : deep and strong with a hint of spice .
it was thicker and had more of a bite because of whatever spices they mixed in .
but then until she 'd caught medichi 's sage scent , never would she have thought to experience such terrible need from a spice reminiscent of poultry and thanksgiving , for god 's sake .
` ` then stop with the spice . ''
she just wanted to take in that heavenly spice , part him , part cardamom .
the heady spice sent sudden shivers over every inch of her skin .
she smelled a heavy spice like cloves only muskier .
he periodically dipped his bread into his soup , the spices exploding through his senses already on hyperaware around stella .
she was far from posh spice .
leaning closer , chuck whispered against her skin , the sickening spice of his cologne almost gagging her .
darcy sighed and wondered why the usual spice of flying seemed flat tonight , like unsalted sunflower seeds .
their relationship could obviously benefit from added spice and her surprise would be a great start .
his cologne smelled masculine and expensive , a sensual combination that reminded her of spice , temptation and trouble .
in fact , any one of her animal - print area rugs , throw blankets or pillows would add spice and a bit of life to the already near perfect atmosphere .
men with spice .
adrian smelled tonight the way he had then , a sophisticated fragrance of spice and sea spray and expensive male that was more appropriate for a champagne - sipping , tuxedo - clad bon vivant than a slimy little scumbag on the lam from the heat .
she loved the taste of him , salt and spice ; she adored the faint gasping sounds he made , and she was aware that she was becoming increasingly wet just from ministering to him .
subtle aftershave and masculine spice .
he smelled wonderful , like sweat and spices .
he smelled like an enticing combination of spices and crisp fresh air .
she tasted as good as he knew she would , an addicting , exciting blend of spice .
he kissed her over and over , savoring the taste of her , the velvet sweetness , the fiery spice that caught his blood on fire .
he caught the mop of curls and pulled her mouth to his , taking her kiss , feeding on her sweetness , on the spice of her , while his other hand cupped and kneaded her soft br**sts .
he inhaled her scent again just because it gave him so much pleasure , a unique mixture of cinnamon and other spices that went straight to his groin .
for a moment her world righted again , as she breathed him in , the clean outdoor spice of him .
he smelled of death and blood and spice and outdoors .
he slid a finger into the deep recesses , searching for honey and spice and a way to make her his for eternity .
the woman tasted like honey and exotic spice , so addicting he thought about just kissing her until neither of them knew their own names anymore .
she tasted of hot spice and honey , an addicting rush that sped through his veins with the speed of a fireball and settled deep inside of him .
he captured her soft little sigh , and tasted spice and honey , her mouth a dark mystery of heat and passion .
his scent drifted to her on the evening breeze , all the spice and masculinity , the outdoor , wild scent she recognized as dax .
he kissed her again , needing to taste that exclusive spice and honey that was only tatijana .
she hated to admit it , but she could smell his masculine scent with a hint of spice and that drove her crazy .
musk and spice , very masculine and very jack .
jack always carried a little spice and pine wherever he went .
a strong , heavily muscled cloud that smelled of spice and man .
the citrusy - sweet spice of angelica , and feminine smells like powders and creams and fabric teased and assaulted him .
and until he got what he wanted from giordan cale - which was more than a mere share in his next spice ship to china - he would look aside and allow narcise to help him .
not sweet , but more like an old wine flavored with a hint of spice .
but with a few dangerous extras thrown in for spice .
drove his tongue deep inside and tasted the wild honey and spice that was dee .
sweet , with a spice of tang .
soft , rich , sweet wine with an edge of spice that made him feel drunk almost from the first taste .
from her , he 'd expected spice .
it was hard to think past the way his scent - an alluring blend of pine needles , cinnamon spice , and sandalwood - caressed her senses .
the cocktail of pine needles , cinnamon spice , and sandalwood that filled her nostrils made her smile .
god the taste of his blood was amazing ; wild and potent with a male spice to it .
surnathans lived around one hundred fifty years , and darletta was around forty - six or so - in her prime and likely looking for a little spice .
i was sitting precariously on a stool in the huge kitchen , where radolf had served up a better - quality broth this time , with onion , a hint of spice and bits of beef .
from : anastasia grey subject : ships that pass in the night date : august 29 , 2011 09:26 to : christian grey dear mr . grey i am sure you can think of a way to spice up the dinner ... yours in anticipation mrs . g. x anastasia ( non - errant ) grey commissioning editor , sip from : christian grey subject : variety is the spice of life date : august 29 , 2011 09:35 to : anastasia grey mrs . grey i have a few ideas ... x christian grey ceo , grey enterprises holdings now impatient for the asa dinner inc . all the muscles in my belly clench .
but you know ... variety is the spice of life . ''
her blood was light and sweet , like her body , with a delicate spice that hinted of recklessness .
her voice wafted with the spices in the air .
he halted me and i stared up at him in shock , ignoring the intriguing spice of his cologne and the fact that he was the only man who had ever made me feel feminine and fragile .
but now , in the fugue of wanting , of almost having , filled with the musk and the spice of that wine and that chocolate , her hip still warm from jack husk 's head , the knowing was as insubstantial as words written on water .
it tasted of spice and herbs and burned going down and she felt it spreading through her in a way that made her aware of her moving blood and all its pathways .
mab 's accent was like spice , and out at the shops and the theaters , whenever she had to speak to men , they seemed to esme to want to taste the words right off her mother 's lips .
the boy 's hair was the exact same shade as her own , red as persimmons , and like hers his skin was the color of cream , unsprinkled by the spice of freckles .
he leans close , peering at my eyes , and the smell of him surrounds me , warm and masculine with a hint of spice .
with them held tight to my chest , i breathe in the scent they carry , clean and masculine with just a little spice .
a haze of woodsmoke was already showing above the trees , cook fires , wash fires , and watch fires all marking the growing camp , their tang a pleasant spice in the nostrils .
and as we reached the summit of the final pass , i thought i might explode from simple joy at the scent of the late - spring woods , an intoxicating mix of pine and balsam fir , oaks mingling the spice of fresh green leaves with the must of the winter 's fallen acorns , and the nutty sweetness of chestnut mast under a layer of wet dead leaves , so thick that it made the air seem buoyant , bearing me up .
i inhale and i ' m overwhelmed with the scent of spices , the scent of jonah , and it causes me to desire more .
she might be a frigid bitch most of the time , but she 's got some spice in her .
a strange conjunction of scents , spices , fuel oil , perfume , rotten meat , expanded in the stilled air so that she was both entranced and repelled by the mere act of breathing .
she was less than a foot away , so close that he could detect the spice of her scent and each tiny freckle on her shoulders .
and just for a few minutes i closed my eyes and was a girl , alive , free from hunger and cold , dancing on the night before christmas , my head a little giddy from good cognac , breathing in the scent of spices and delicious food .
like smoke and spice , fresh air and crisp apples .
` ` hmm , i never imagined you being all sporty spice . ''
he tasted like mint but with a hint of spice , sort of like pepper .
the fragrant aromas of the food stood out to what najima was accustomed to , filled with spices foreign the region of the galaxy she used to call home .
in the stockroom the air was pungent : aromas of exotic foodstuffs , wines and spices brought from half a hundred star systems , pierced by the tang of hot mineral oils , larded with alien musks and body - odours and beneath it all the faint burnt flavour of carbonaceous chondrite .
variety really is the spice of life rural oxfordshire is rightly one of the wonders of the country .
oh its going to be delightful eating the meat from you , haley he taunted so much fire , spice , adrenaline ; just how i. he was interrupted by his daughter walking in .
to the outlanders , the large amounts of spice made the bread unpalatable .
everyone lies sometimes , the time i lied to karn , when he made me , that horrible hagar soup , too much ulon spice but i said it was perfect , a tiny lie yes but still a lie !
andra gave a slight smile , you 're right , it does have too much spice , next time ill use less .
yes some good aged po , seeda said dreaming , and some hot hagar - soup with just a touch of ulon spice .
but not too much , he replied , you always put in too much spice .
even without the spice that would make it even more palatable , it was a fine meal .
they 'd feasted on tender rimar meat , kasha bread and bowls of hagar soup , with plenty of ulon spice , all washed down with several tankards of the best po .
though after several mouthfuls all three of them were questioning the safety as , mouths burning from the spice , they desperately drank water .
sharp smells of spices and greasy food hit his nostrils while the sound of arabic pop music blasted from a boom box sitting on a shelf behind the front counter .
an overpowering aroma of roasting meat and spices slapped them in the face .
but variety is the spice of life , is nt it ?
i laughed ; the comfort of the ordinary with a spice of the extraordinary .
i swallowed a mouthful of tea , its warm spices filling me with a sleepy pleasure .
the low gravity of ganymede also seems to have affected our taste buds because we use lots of spices .
the meal was the simple food of the military , but it was obvious from the spice that the southern kingdom was very much involved in providing their supplies .
daniel found the food to be tasty but full of spices he recognized not .
but all the more spice to have her on horseback , the other added .
they passed through the castle entrance , each lifted nearly off the ground in the scarred mans hands , and strong spices and body odor assaulted chloes nose .
as she took a bite , muted spices touched her palate .
yes , they lack the spice of a living womans feelings but are succulent nonetheless .
alex could smell meat cooking in the kitchen and as olaf passed through the door the heavy aroma of fiery spices and roasting chicken came flooding out .
the scent in the air is a noxious mix of burnt potatoes , boiled vegetables , and spices so strong they turn my stomach .
their footsteps framed the spot where mussels lay on the beach with their innermost secrets unceremoniously offered to the morning sun , which intensified the sea spice .
he was used to eating very bland meals so even the smallest amount of spice was a shock to him .
there was a slight spice to it , though , carried across the street on the breeze of the now - infrequent passing vehicles .
cayuse express , the spice of life .
humans learned to fear all danger , and eschew all activity that had the slightest spice of hazard about it .
the imperial government protects them because , without them , there would n't be these microfoods that add the subtlest flavors , the tangiest spices , to every dish .
the area still smelled of spice and sand , filling his mind with long - ago and the dead far away .
the illusion of unlimited space with traces of dust , sand , and spice carried the nostalgia of lost freedoms .
lucilla felt a flow of relief at the spice .
still unthinking of consequences ( odd , that ) , they had eliminated the tleilaxu , whose axlotl tanks had flooded the old empire with spice .
she knew these moments were given over to the spice .
` ` when i get to the spice agony ... '' ` ` love !
` ` you do n't believe it 's the long and severe training plus the spice and the agony ? ''
spice addiction had done this , spice addiction of the mothers - the lady jessica and chani .
spice addiction had done this , spice addiction of the mothers - the lady jessica and chani .
and if they said alia was an abomination , then that must apply equally to the twins , because chani , too , had been addicted , her body saturated with spice , and her genes had somehow complemented those of muad'dib .
` ` spice trance did it ? ''
` ` not in the spice . ''
there was a following breeze and he felt the heat of their passage , the friction which the worm converted to the beginnings of spice within itself .
` ` without spice , the empire falls apart .
no sandtrout had ever before encountered a hand such as this one , every cell supersaturated with spice .
the worm would attack another worm in its territory and would come to exposed spice .
seduced by the spice which he gulped from every trace he found , the membrane which covered him no longer was sandtrout , just as he was no longer human .
the preacher was old before his time , old not despite the spice but because of it .
with spice awareness he found that line of the ship 's future which avoided peril .
she was a fremen , addicted to the spice , and now caught by an offworld vice .
how could someone who 'd never experienced the spice change of prescience conceive an awareness containing no localized spacetime , no personal image - vector nor associated sensory captives ?
he had looked up from a bulb of spice - coffee being served by an obsequious steward , studied her a moment , put down the coffee bulb .
it had happened long ago , but he inhaled the memory of it now - spice and bitterness .
the place was a ferment of nasal memories - the warren closeness of bodies , rank esters of the reclamation stills , familiar food aromas , the flinty burning of machines at work ... and through it all , the omnipresent spice : melange everywhere .
then , she tasted something else both infinitely cold and incandescent , startling , like thousands of fiery spices on her tongue .
the spice !
` ` they want more spice ! ''
not even the wildest projections of geriatric spice allowed such a lifespan .
his body supplied what spice his addiction demanded .
the corrino , descendant of a family which once had ruled this empire , had been revealed as a softly fat middle - aged man who hungered after power and conspired for spice .
his ghola body had not been conditioned to the spice but memory spoke to his senses .
given enough spice , you can live through those first awful moments ... and all the other moments . ''
all of the bitterness was there and a hint of the spice from her dried food .
` ` i am careful with the spice , mother . ''
the whores from the scattering surely had melange as one of their targets - the spice and the bene gesserit mastery of it .
still , the spices and salt made every injury in his mouth and throat burn and ache as he choked on the blood and broth mixture .
ambient noise gives the space a low roar , part people , part machinery , and the air smells faintly of spices , like someone is cooking .
with her hallucinogenic spice , the grand administrator has done an unspeakably cruel thing .
if there 's one thing they know how to do , it 's fight , and doing it in space probably just adds a little bit of spice .
your food here , it has so many spices that you can not taste anything else .
the meat was savory and tender , though the spices were much hotter than he was accustomed to .
good smells wafted out , reminding jake ( as they had reminded eddie ) of took 's on the calla high street : coffee and peppermint candy , tobacco and salami , olive oil , the salty tang of brine , sugar and spice and most things nice .
mod cons aside , the smell of the kitchen was wonderfully nostalgic : sugar and spice and everything nice .
now he saw the shattered facades and broken roofs ; now he saw the shaggy birds ' nests on cornices and in glassless , gaping windows ; now hr allowed himself to actually smell the city , and that odor was not of fabulous spices and savory foods of the sort his mother had sometimes brought home from zabar 's but rather the stink of a mattress that has caught fire , smoldered awhile , and then been put out with sewer - water .
she 'd eaten foods mixed with spices that made her sneeze .
tektees food was the restaurant 's specialty - the hallandren liked foreign spices as much as they liked odd colors .
the world smells of spice and dried mango , and it also smells , not unpleasantly , of sex .
if anything , he 'd deliberately sought variety , not for precautionary reasons but because it was indeed the spice of life - or death , as you prefer .
i sent a small foray against their rear , upon the ground , which was repulsed swiftly by the repositioning of their guns , but one of my dragons was able to seize a packet from their supply - waggons- '' she indicated this , a large square bundle which had been hastily rewrapped ; when one of her crewmen opened it up again , temeraire bending down to sniff found it full of long hard strips of some dark brown stuff that smelt strongly of spice ; pieces were handed around , and when temeraire chewed it , he found that it was meat : quite tough and dry and salty , but perfectly good to eat .
variety was the spice of life .
miyuki tempered her wilder streaks , while she added a bit of spice to miyuki 's professional routine .
old cooking spices and oils , a hint of bodily odors .
the air steamed from grease stoves , sizzling with spices that burned the eyes .
awnings rattled , dust devils danced amid piles of littered refuse , and the air smelled of salt , spice , and the promise of rain .
smelled faintly of old spice and still wore that same crew cut he 'd had since she first met him at the company christmas party all those years ago .
sebarial 's camp smelled of spice and industry - of new leather and , sometimes , livestock .
{ i enjoyed that smell of books , though , missed it when it was gone - it was a comfortable , old - fashioned smell , usually mixed with the dry spice of cigar smoke .
it 's a kind of a spice . '
she came to him wet and eager and lithe as a weasel , and there had been a certain undeniable spice to f**king a common tavern wench in lord eddard stark 's own bed .
every witness to follow will tell a worse tale , until i seem as bad as maegor the cruel and aerys the mad together , with a pinch of aegon the unworthy for spice .
he sniffed at them to see how foul they were , and inhaled the smell of salt and sea and tar , wet canvas and mildew , fruit and fish and blackbelly rum , strange spices and exotic woods , and a heady bouquet of his own dried sweat .
the best glass came from myr , but a good clear pane was worth its weight in spice , and green and yellow glass would not work as well .
dornish women were lewd , dornish wine was sour , and dornish food was full of queer hot spices .
mexican banditos and vigilante texicans added final spice to the mainland mix .
i mella arches her swan neck backward from his skull as drake deeply snuggles with his nose then his soft lips into her warm throat while she tilts her skull sideways inhaling his rich cologne of spices and leather then drake painfully bites with his teeth .
escort her to the infirmary , now , rann orders in sexy baritone trombone as i close eyelashes smelling his cologne of citrus and spice .
i can smell ranns sweet cologne citrus and spices tickle my nose .
i continued to hold my breath not wanting to smell the burnt odor , but it invaded my nostrils anyway , along with the medicinal spice of the spray .
it was still a city but it makes one think of the natural spice .
hilary opens the door and ryder steps through , the room soon taking his scent of musk and old spice , something that should be on an old man heading to a banquet , not a teenage boy heading out on a date .
she sought out a stool shed seen beside a wooden crate and sat herself down ; so euphoric was she felling , so utterly abandoned were her senses , so much so that she could taste the spice in the air around her .
variety is the spice of life .
the older boy , impassive to numinous experiences , was delivered untouched to the village life awaiting him ; infusions of freshly baked breads floating from the sense of tagine spices , stretched canopy sighing , abandoned by those who had finished with the exchanges of the day .
and the spices of the scadias were becoming too rich for my frail lungs anyhow .
as your nose grows accustomed to the spices in the air and your skin becomes used to being pampered in layers of silk , you ll begin to wonder why you d ever want to leave such a paradise !
the place smelled thick with spices of cinnamon and nutmeg .
the smell of evergreen , wood , and apple spice filled willows nostrils .
she was still sugar and spice and all things nice , and part of you wanted her to stay that way .
sam goes all sugar and spice , batting his eyelashes at me .
the air was saturated with the exotic spices and the scent of our bodies when a coherent thought finally emerged in the chaos of my mind .
he did nt mind a little spice from time to time , and this lady was definitely fiery .
to say it was joe 's favourite spice , was to say he also liked being pepper - sprayed or getting a finger in the eye or losing a big front tooth .
i tasted the fresh green of basil , the tang of citrus , velvety butter , and a spice i could nt identify .
her cider recipe turned out to be second to none plenty of sweetness , with a hint of spice and not too tart the perfect drink for a crisp autumn day .
pete sees its two girls , one a tall black one , and the other a short white one , as he approaches , lets pick them up , it will add a little more spice to this adventure of ours .
the meat was chewy , and sorren was pleased to find that it tasted more like burnt wood and strange spices than anything else .
rich , sensual forest smells assailed him , and sounds he had never before heard , and even the air seemed flavored with a hint of spice .
that was the spice girls with say you ll be there .
she rubbed her nose into his hair , he smelled of a spice she could nt quite place , it was tantalizing , his hair was soft and fine .
the unexpected return of the showie committee , come to lend their support to bessie and arturo , had prompted dorrie to add the naughty but attractive spice of a fictional riot to her need the doctor call .
a criminal from the west side he s a runner of haroon spice .
her louisiana upbringing had filled her with the superficial gentility of a southern culture wracked with guilt and change , with a dash of french quarter thrown in for spice .
a mix of spices and aromas overwhelmed my senses as i wondered how i was going to control myself from eating everything in sight .
he could smell coffee and spices as he walked past houses with flickering lights , and noises of family life filtering through the windows .
it smells physically of spices and sweat and ephemerally of poverty and the winds of change .
not one hint of spice or warmth .
the smell of spices and cooking fish greeted dennis as he exited the bathroom .
the thought of my vomit mixing in with the heady spice of burnt oil , urine soaked trousers and corroding steel made me shudder .
it was a perfect counterpoint to the spices so lovingly woven into the food .
the spices filled the air with the aroma of christmas .
you see , she did nt know it but she really added some unexpected extra spice to dinner .
aroma filled every particle of air between her face and the glass , and as she brought it closer , spices reached through the air and coated her tongue before even tasting the liquid .
that nugget of info was merely added spice to an aging agitator with long experience of the security services , a brain addled on banned substances and the self pitying , persecution trauma of a spoilt childhood .
too much spices is on this food .
the steak was delicious and he stretched out his chewing , enjoying all the mesh of spices that filled his mouth .
there s nothing like a loaded gun to add a little spice in the bedroom .
variety , that s the spice of life .
momma sometimes says it 's the little things like that that makes the world go round ; the spice of life .
the concept seemed absurd even to her- but yes , she examined the sensations being experienced by her nostrils and found the aromas of chicken and aromatic spices wafting into her head .
he made it easy - made it fun , with a spice of danger .
ten minutes later the governor called back , all sugar and spice , told me to forget the little black book , that he 's very concerned about sam 's constitutional rights and all , and just wants me to keep him posted as this thing unfolds .
outside , the desert light was blinding , even with sunglasses , but the heat was clean , the arid spice of the desert , the murderous sun a welcome respite from the death pit into which they 'd both sunk .
it was not the illusion of spice and vanilla , but nevertheless sweet .
it picked up steam when american attorney ranked him number eight in earnings - more faxes , more e - mails , a few jokes added in for spice .
it added a certain spice to the proceedings ... a spice that had been missing for too long .
calories and cholesterol did not factor in teentsy 's cooking , so her food was absolutely delicious with that added spice of guilt .
life has no spice unless you have adventures . ''
i stay for a moment in the safety of her arms , catching a breath of her perfume , the light spices of her shampoo .
the scent of soap emanated from him , the sour spice of whiskey on his breath .
the spice of wet sage in the breeze reminded him of cheap aftershave - his father .
` ` old spice , too , unfortunately . ''
he smelled of earth and spice and male .
because having experienced the vibrancy and tasted the spice of life with you , returning to the dull , cold existence i had before you is unbearable to even consider . ''
it 's got this really tasty spice in the saturated fats . ''
a coffin with goblets of juice on it to give the underground club the spice the torture chamber gave the coffin club .
hints of sweet oils and feminine musk rode the air , mingling with the tangy spice of male and the faint scent of chlorine .
there was a brief whiff of rich spice and seared flesh , and quinn was on me .
the air was a rampant mix of sharp spices , flowery perfume , fear , and desire .
with effort he controlled himself , savoring the sweet , hot spice of her blood , the velvet fire gripping his body .
his tongue tasted the sweet spice of life , caressed and teased , moved up her neck to find her ear .
mikhail abandoned any pretense of control and took her as he wanted , driving on and on until she was so wild and hot and crying for him , until her little keening whimpers and the sweet spice of her blood took his raging body over the edge .
he felt her pure , uncensored joy in the sharing of their minds and hearts , their bodies and souls , in the spice of his blood flowing like the finest wine into her .
her mouth filled with a tangy spice .
he even smelled different , a combination of musk , spice and wild outdoors .
his mouth could actually taste her , the hot , tempting spice of her blood .
aidan felt her heat beckoning him , the scent of her , the spice of her blood , so addicting , calling to him .
alexandria tasted the sweetness , the addicting spice that seemed so familiar in her mouth , on her tongue .
she could taste the spice of aidan 's blood on her tongue .
her blood beckoned him with its heat , with the promise of addicting spice .
he could taste her heat and spice , feel her soft skin beneath his fingers .
she was heat and light , spice and satin , lace and candlelight .
she was like the finest mixture of honey and spice and he could never get enough of her .
her fantastic mouth , moving against his , all honey and spice and uniquely her .
she tasted the hot , sweet spice of blood , the passion in his kiss .
the air was clouded with the mingled odors of greasy food and strange spices , grill smoke and perfume , and far too many human bodies for his liking .
his stubble was thicker , and the thick spice of bane was heavy on him .
and an audience can definitely add to the spice . ''
fear was good ; it added that extra spice to the taste .
` ` the spice .
after having worked in clubs for years , she knew legions of cocktails and concoctions and she ran through them , picturing the bottles and the glasses and the pouring and the ice and the spice .
by the time he was through with this session , his dark spice was going to be all over her , inside and out .
he was n't going to allow his head to get scrambled just because of that dark spice .
on the breeze drifting down to her , john 's unmistakable bonding scent was a dark spice that wiped out the stink of the city and the wretched sting of her unhappiness .
and there was nothing and no one else with him : no stench of lesser , no dark spice of a male vampire , no pathetic cologne of a human .
that smelled of spice , and strength , and ... something so erotic , her body had returned to that volcanic place .
the cool draft that hit her face and the scent of dark spices that tunneled into her nose told her it was a male .
a very woody spice that was at once expensive and pleasing , but also something he had a curious urge to get the fuck away from .
except it made no sense that he was running toward her , no sense that he was here in the - he had her in his arms before she could finish the thought , and oh , fate , he smelled the same , that dark spice that was unique to him and him alone flooding her senses .
the witchy angle added a little touch of spice to her , too .
strong spices filled my nostrils .
the scent of spice and leather spun around me , then rhoan was beside me , touching my face , my neck , his expression stricken .
the aroma of spice and leather hung in the air , but the relief that shivered through me was tempered by the fact that rhoan 's scent was heavily interlaced with the sweet , metallic odor of blood .
she drank in the scent of his skin and the earthy spice of his blood as she drew from his open vein .
the heady floral scent of rose and heartsease , plus the spice of yemonja root .
dark spices ... like a fine men 's cologne , only one that she 'd never smelled before .
everybody smel ed sweet , but diego had a little something extra - some spice like cinnamon or cloves .
so much more childish than katherine 's scent , the subtle , alluring , complicated mix of citrus and spice ... .
she was surrounded by the familiar smell that meant stefan - something green and growing , and just a touch of exotic spice .
she 'd expected to be swamped by the bitter taste of copper , but instead she tasted warm , muted spices and a power that spread through her like liquid electricity .
we were a worldly bunch , but you know , we gave the play a little spice .
i could identify many of the rich cooking spices , and the smell of mutton and beef , but there were other more exotic flavors intermingled with it .
i breathed deep to find that it did n't smell like a restaurant anymore with its many spices and the lingering scents of unfamiliar vampires .
she looked sleek and lanky in her working leathers , all in black , with a biker cap to add some spice .
sharper than what he craved , he mused , with more spice than sweetness , but he could deal .
should have been sweeter , with only a little hint of that spice .
he smelled of old spice and donut grease .
as he did so , i had a momentary whiff of old spice and sweat , which , for me , was one hell of a heady mixture .
i dug into the food , relishing the play of sweet and spice , salt and vinegar , on my tongue .
the air stilled smelled faintly of him - like sugar , spice , and vinegar swirled together .
i drew in a breath , but the grease and spices that flavored the air from the morning 's cooking did n't soothe me the way they usually did .
no true southerner could resist the combination of spices , grease , and artery - clogging fat in the air .
i dug into the food , a little hesitant at first , but soon i was relishing the play of sweet and spice , salt and vinegar , on my tongue .
i breathed in , and the old man 's scent filled my nose - sugar , spice , and vinegar all mixed together , with just a hint of chicory coffee .
but i find the old saying to be true - variety really is the spice of life .
they avoided smoking , strong scents , liquor , and spices , as they dulled their senses .
the breeze brought the aroma of cooked meat , tart and bitter spices , and the multilayered , complex scents of the crowd .
wild spice .
` ` like wild spice .
groaning softly as the spice of his blood slid over my tongue , i pulled , instantly sending him serenity , and his arms started to go slack , but his fingers hooked into the belt loops on my pants , so they did n't completely fall as i drank from him softly , but greedily .
she savored in his scent of spices and power as she allowed herself to simply be here in this moment .
the scent of his blood was strong , hinting of spices and power .
burying his face in her hair , he tried to focus on the sweet scent of fruit and spices she emitted , and not the luring scent of her powerful blood .
she leaned closer to him , enjoying the smell of spices and earth that radiated from his body .
it was delicious , enticing as it ensnared her within its scent of spices and earth , and her .
she smelled like flowers and some kind of spice , and though he barely got a taste , her lips were warm and moist with surprise .
it held a powerful spice that i could n't name .
it was a more exotic spice than that of the males .
it was all him and it was spice and amazement , rolled together .
the driver smelled a bit like gavin , only with a much lighter spice .
only the council members had a more exotic spice to theirs .
there was a scent about him that had the telltale exotic spice , but there was more than that and it smelled to me like a fresh wind in a spring field .
there is very little spice in this meat pie - definitely salt , and something sort of sweet , like cinnamon , but no pepper , nothing with kick .
` ` dull ness is the spice of life .
when she gasped at the feel of wet licks across her forearm , she gulped down the overwhelming scent of spices and jasmine .
he smelled so devastatingly familiar - of soap and spice - the heady scent bringing back a rush of memories so pleasurable , it only made the current moment that much more difficult to bear .
like apple spice .
it had his scent , a lush mix of spice and the outdoors .
head buried in the space between his neck and shoulder , which smelled like spice and male , i murmured something unintelligible .
we imagined the late ' 90s , before all hell broke loose in new york city and the rest of the world , to be a good era to reinvent , so we 'd pass lazy sundays on his bed , listening to early britney , middle spice girls , and late lilith fair chicks , or watching dvds of tv shows that used to air on the former teen angst wb network .
she wanted to claim it was the strong odor of italian spices wafting in the air , tickling her nostrils , but she knew it was n't true .
wolfe struggled to be seen from behind me , so i moved out of the way , letting him peer around my shoulder , trying not to inhale that wonderful woody spice that was all wolfe .
she was so sweet , yet there was an underlying musky spice to her taste and he knew he wanted more , much more .
` ` i like some spice . ''
gray had smelled good too - some blend of earthy masculine fragrance overlaid by faint notes of spice and the ocean .
every word was said slowly , a puff of breath emphasizing the pauses between each one , as if the spices from the chili had impaired my mental acuity .
on his scent , a dark , rich spice .
emotion added spice .
milo 's was locked , though i bet it was identical to teddy 's inside , reeking of sweat and old spice while the floor was an upchuck of clothes and video games and sports equipment .
the kitchen spices mingled with deeper notes of browning butter , roasting garlic , sauteed yellow onion , and sizzling grilled meat .
they traveled over the rough , miserable mountains where maeve 's wild wolves monitored them day and night , then down into the lush valley through forests and fields , the air heavy with spices and magic .
like the way the smell of a pine tree conjured a quick brain - snapshot of tinsel and christmas lights and a glittery angel , or the spice of nutmeg and buttery cinnamon made you flash to a bright kitchen and your mother humming as she pressed pie crust into a glass dish .
there was ellie 's distinctive scent , and there was also the forest itself and its welter of aromas : the sharp turpentine of pine and the dry spice of dead leaves .
she remembered how tom had smelled , that complex spice that made her dizzy and hungry for his touch , and a hollow ache that she recognized as grief settled in her chest .
the spice made her falter .
this time , there was no spice , no phantom of tom .
then she inhaled musk and sweet smoke and spice and tom - tom , warm and solid and real - and heard his deep sleep - breathing .
she smells like spices and coffee and sleep .
the stairwell smelled like someone else 's lunch - fake bacon bits and salad dressing you 'd never order and some mysterious spice that might have been old foot .
the sweet delicious energy that filled the room tasted to her like a tropical fruit cocktail with just the right amount of rum , salt and spice .
the mixed aroma of breads , sauces , and spices greeted their nostrils as they passed through the front door .
as the mixture of spice and flavor hit his taste buds , mike swore agreement with his friend 's assessment .
his rough tongue licked the top of the meat and cringed when he tasted nothing but the salt and spices .
spice and triangle had both returned from the town by the time she climbed back onto the deck , and as soon as he saw the state she was in spice went to fetch a jar of ointment from his locker .
` ` we 're losing , '' spice said once he 'd recovered his breath .
she asked spice .
of course she could have resisted but she was bored with being married and decided to put a little spice in her life .
the scent of the room , a mix of flowers and spices , told him it was neelas .
the exotic spices wafted up into his nose .
they both enjoyed the heavy scents coating the air , a mixture of spices and meat roasting wafted above the sea of dark heads , and only the complimenting seasonal jungle fruit broke color into the unnaturally beige brown atmosphere .
i drink less wine and eat less biscuit now to have more when we continue on our way in spring to find el paso , the spice isles , and greater glory .
to pigafetta , the answer seemed obvious the spice isles but espinosa thought they should first build up their stock of food , still scant despite six weeks among these bounteous islands .
varietys the spice of life , right ?
you do nt meet women like tina anymore : sugar , spice and everything nice but still not doormat either .
as i take in the sweet , sticky , sweat - laden air , i ' m instantly enticed by the different hints of sunflower , nutmeg , and an array of other spices pouring from their veins , asking for a taste .
finally something with a little spice !
of course admiral , caramel drizzles with a soy shot and a cinnamon spice , coming right up !
but no matter how much they looked , they could not find her spice .
but i do still feel the spice .
bindi had named the restaurant the spice of rajasthan and thankfully , it seemed to be off to a good start .
to his finely tuned nostrils , it smells like cinnamon , coffee , and other various foods , drinks and spices .
okay take spice tea and biscuits and thereafter take rest till the girl returns .
it added a spice to his everyday living to think of such things .
the lingering , faint scent of exotic spices with a tinge of perspiration even gave her a sense of familiarity .
his scent came to her , musky , masculine , but hinted with strange spices that made her think of the desert .
andre heard snatches of french and italian as well as their own plain german and the aroma of exotic spices and unfamiliar foods curled around them , making their mouths water .
i closed my eyes and took a bite , actually moaning a little as the bacon crunched between my teeth , as the cajun spice danced at the tip of my tongue , and the creamy melted blue cheese flooded my mouth with flavor .
these snatched kisses and brief beddings have a certain spice to them , she reflected .
my arousal spiked , this new spice kind of exciting .
sugar and spice and everything nice .
the spice of the beef jerky lingered on my tongue and i thought about getting up to brush my teeth , but now i was drifting and it was too late .
locmire had eaten yarkle before , but with the special spices the raptilians used , it was as if he was enjoying the bird for the first time .
it spilled over my arm , and his scent hit me even harder , filling my nostrils with his manly spice .
oh , she s got spice , said capella , throwing her arms out and back - handing lula off the bedpost .
he smelled the autumn spice of decay , the leaves turning into earth as the trees prepared for new growth in spring .
but alluring scents still wafted through the air : roasting meats , boiling vegetables , or just spices and perfumes even nestor had never smelled before .
chaeli could smell him , a disturbing mixture of exotic spices , and something she could nt put her finger on .
another spice , perhaps , but not something she recognised .
he could hear every tiny noise , could smell the myriad scents of spices and oils and the harsher odours of his own and adleys bodies , but he could also smell the bitterness radiating from chaeli .
talk of the seventh moon was equally widespread , even though yodren privately dismissed it as an old folks tale that had been going around forever ; unfounded fear was the spice of security , and scribes were insatiable gossips , dispensing dread amongst them like wine .
cheese , salted and tangy with a spice that bit back , delicious crispy pepperoni .
change is the spice of life .
the warmth of late fall released the purple spice of the lavender blossoms into the air .
that is why i want you to add some spice to it , rejoined monty , with a mischievous wink .
it was the spice of paralyzing terror and nightmares .
but she said , sugar and spice and everything nice .
i am pleased to confirm what i suspect you know - we are going to the fabled spice lands , to hind and beyond , and this ship allows us to pass out of sight of spakka pirates and we can bring back the strange and exotic drinks and spices of that fantastic land .
she liked the traditional food that they serve in the palace , because it is a new experience for her as the same meal that the maids cooked at her mothers house were usually missing a spice or two , so they did taste somewhat different .
within the breeze lingered gasoline , exhaust , spices , meat , and the heavy perfume of roses , salty skin , and liquor .
the breeze carried smells of fruit , harsh spices , salt , meat , sweat and excrement , creating a lingering aroma similar to a damp , moldy rag .
laurence hoped he might not have a very dismal meal ahead of him , having some vague impression of restrictions upon the jewish diet , but the late dinner was more than respectable : a very good leg of lamb , roasted to a turn in the turkish manner and carved off the spit into thin slices , with new potatoes dressed in their skins and a fragrant glaze of olive oil and strong herbs ; and besides a whole fish roasted with peppers and tomatoes , pungent and strongly flavored with the common yellow spice , and a tenderly stewed fowl which no one could have objected to .
he always smelled of pipe tobacco and old spice , and he used to sing in the shower , silly songs he made up as he went along .
the pain added a layer of spice to the pleasure as he pushed .
my breath was squeezed out of me as his strong muscles held me firmly , and i breathed in his scent of whiskey and seaspray and spice .
the air had a recently - cooked smell , tinted with spice .
` ` all spice , minus the sweet .
he tasted that unique blend of elements , spices , and her own personal something that screamed the fact she was made for him , as he was made for her .
in the enclosed confines of her car , the scent that was distinctly reed 's filled her nostrils - leather and starch , a hint of spice and heated male skin .
beneath eve 's fear and confusion alec scented the underlying spice of pure desire .
he leaned in and brushed his lips against mine and i breathed in that comforting , familiar musk of his , the mint and old spice .
` ` inconvenient , true , but not without spice .
you savor the rich sauces and the spices of the food , and then you learn that the spices are intended to disguise the fact that the meat is going bad .
the scent of masculine spice and soap swamped me .
i knew there was magic and will in his words , and more than just spices in the wine .
he tongued the soft skin of her cl**vage and tasted the spice of her desire .
it is idle to point out to the perverted man the horror of his perversion : while the fierce fit is on , that horror is the very spice of his craving .
the fiddler smelled of oranges and limes , with a hint of some strange eastern spice beneath .
kids in this town would be happy and well - adjusted , with just enough spice of harmless rebellion for flavor .
temeraire brightened at once , the intensity of the spice penetrating even his dulled senses , and made a proper meal .
` ` i think i am beginning to be able to tell the spices from one another , '' he said , licking his claws daintily clean : he had taken to picking up the food in his forelegs to eat , rather than simply feeding from the tubs .
so much food had gone bad that without spice , the soup would be inedible .
my days are spent in solitude , with the occasional beating to provide spice .
he d smelled of spice , smoke and brandytoo much brandy , but he was a most wonderful father .
just then , a grizzled , smiling doc brought in the lobscouse and roast pork , filling the room with the aroma of spice and onion .
sitting in a cozy chair inhaling the spice of grants cologne , patience eyed the brandy shane left for her , wondering why the garrick men had such a penchant for the bitter stuff .
grant removed the covers to reveal lobscouse and plum duff and to fill the air with spice .
the indies is down in the spice islands , where seas are open .
the interior of the customs house smelled of sweat , mingled with spice and the dusty fragrance of indigo .
the taste was delicious , yet hardy , and he caught the musky flavor of lamb , lightened and transmuted by a bouquet of spice .
it was rich but light , and seemed to hint of every spice in the indies .
without pause , passion 's gravity forlorn , he journeys down the spice of face , lingering in scent of breast , licks across the sweat of belly and the pit of coupling .
no spices to go with it , but hunger more than made up for this .
gramps stood behind me , smelling like a cigar , ben gay and old spice .
through his shirt , she smelled the salty spice of his sweat as well as something much more primal .
it tasted strongly of a strange spice , but he wolfed it down aware mostly that it was nt coconut .
that evening , she made sure tarquinius had drunk a couple of cups of faliscan wine , warmed , with spice ; just two cups , to warm him gently ; she did n't want him fuddled or belligerent .
the girl was one of those sweet , nice girls , the kind to whom nothing ever happens , the kind who imagine an unkind criticism is the greatest tragedy that could ever befall them , the kind with no salt in them , no spice , like the food you give invalids that is n't meant to taste of anything , and shock had shaken her wits loose ; she burst out ` ` he , he , he ... '' and could n't get as far as a verb , and scrabbled at tanaquil 's hand till tanaquil , impatient , pushed past her and into the bedchamber , and found the body sprawled , ungainly .
noella rolled her eyes and shut her door , his old spice still lingering in her nostrils .
the fey scent of poisonous flowers clung to the banks of the river , but the streets ran with the odor of rancid humanity , a breath of exotic spice at times winning through .
as he approached , the scent of old spice and tobacco pushed out before him like a pressure wave off the bow of a boat .
anton put on his mask and smelled the pungent odor of the vinegar and spices as he watched vasile through the glass eye pieces .
he d kept her around for a little spice .
a hint of spice , paprika maybe , with herbs , basted with a light garlic cream .
his scent had been earthy with a hint of spice that had stoked her with an uncommon and uncomfortable longing .
from across the water came an interwoven tapestry of alarms - fire alarms and car alarms , mostly , with several whooping sirens added for spice .
the spice of danger had added something to what i felt for her - and , i think , to what she felt for me .
for one moment johnny had a brilliant but unfocused memory of his drunken , abusive , crazily funny father , who had always seemed to smell exactly as this cop did now : old spice on top , sweat underneath the aftershave , plain old black - eyed meanness under every thing , like the dirt floor in an old cellar .
johnny raised the fringed top , aware that he could still smell sweat and old spice .
prison is a goddam boring place , and the chance or being surprised by an unscheduled inspection in the middle of the night while he had his poster unstuck probably added some spice to his life during the early years .
but , perversely , that added the final spice of excitement to this mad happening .
his acute smell picked up the spice of liquor in the bottle .
she dragged in a breath , smelled spices and mint , and smiled .
to add a little spice to their experience , he would have it put about that he had suffered a heart attack during the night , then during their lunch break he would walk northwards past them along the coastal path in the manner of grimbles supposed ghost .
interbreeding is the spice of life !
mutation is the garlic salt ; its a good spice , but its not everything .
unexpecteds really are the spice of life , mused drade , smoothing down the placket around his shirts top button , a bit like surprises .
jokingly referring to the wall of spice , musk , wood and citrus that had suddenly engulfed her .
try old spice .
charles caleb colton mean girls growing up were taught that boys are made of snips ( whatever that is ) and snails and puppy dog tails and girls are made of sugar and spice and everything nice .
on the contrary i feel that by and large men tend to get their fair share of sugar and spice and , ya know , nice .
and green jade marks far - eastern feelings of spice and sassiness .
and this little incident had the added spice of a man eating in a better - than - average restaurant having been mistaken for a once - famous biker by a tiny , somewhat prim , advertising executive .
some people call it a rut and it drives them nuts and that 's why they have children ... to add a little spice to the routine .
at the beginning of the sexual revolution , in the sixties , when ralph ginsburg published the magazine eros , so restrained compared to what is being done today , it was mailed to subscribers from one of these small towns intercourse , if i am not mistaken so that the postal stamp would add spice and daring to the publication .
i dream of that place which you visited changedor maybe notill grant you that , but a place i will never knowthe spice of the cinnamon trees after a rainthe thick fume of frying fish on a breathless nightthe clock - like whirr of a 1000 bicycles erupting with the dawnthe wholesome stink of water buffalo dung drying along a dusty roadu have my memories , grandfather , and i have none .
he looked as if his old and passionate dream of a love affair with a woman with spice was about to happen .
i never did , but i shall admit , sometimes it gives spice to a conversation .
she smells like the spices and flowers that grow on the islands .
also she has a mixture of cinnamon , ginger , and what - not that she calls the apple spice mixture .
fill your limbs with his tide , your head with his mind , your heart with his beatand then your loinsfill them with his final spice .
my loins are full of the final spice .
the meat was a dark red color , heavy with spices .
its way too greasy and the spices are nt done right .
when it was mixed together in my mouth though it took on an interestingly seasoned buttery like flavor from all the spices it was cooked in .
he began to sweat as if he d been twenty minutes in a sauna , the spices turning his blood to steam .
a weather system of aromas enveloped them ; barbeque , slow cooked and pungent with sugar , vinegar and spice , combined with the slow funk of hops .
these people become the free - thinkers whose job is to add spice to the sometimes bland thinking of the specialist .
the thick hair did nt seem real above the western pa accent , the reality of his world of spices , potato chips and ketchup seasonings eased through the words .
the ancient desire for spices , treas - ure , power .
it has sour cream and orange juice and apricots and some crazy spice that can only be found in the remote mountain regions of sicily but do nt quote me on the sicily thing .
the apartment smelled of exotic vegetables - spices and seasonings that were both comforting and disconcerting all at the same time .
he opened pot lids and opened the oven to show her the things that were cooking , filling the room with the smell of exotic spices .
spice , tobacco , testosterone ?
boys in white gowns were swinging metal balls around which gave the air a smoky spice .
the boys , in contrast , are unified in everything they do , including aftershave and underarm : old spice , all from the same bottle , naturally .
to add spice to the neighborhood , there were a number of non - jews from all parts of the arab world , asia , and latin america .
to add even more spice to the islands history was the fact that edgar allen poe had been based at an army post there when he was young .
i put a spice rack , a box of oatmeal , a box of cereal , three rice bags and hamburger helper boxes into the bag .
my mother always said that girls should be sugar and spice and everything nice .
in this place , sometimes you have to be sugar and spice and not so nice .
well , you know what they say , i began , sugar and spice and not so nice , finished rachel .
bev had continued to cultivate them because she had learned to cook with a lot of spice to suit her dad 's taste .
that spice .
the chef rewrites his menu four times a year and always includes hints of japan in dishes made with organic ingredients , such as eel blanquette ( stew ) with grilled cucumber , salmon prepared four ways ( in salt , marinated with dill , smoked , and panfried ) , and a unique take on the french classic tte de veau , with a spice and turtle jus .
the spice was almost peppery .
the spice and savor of my steaming dish lost its flavor .
namely the blue long - sleeved shirt with a missing button and the smell of old spice after shave on the killer .
he felt now he had zeroed in on bob thomas as the attacker , having both the button - less blue shirt and the scent of old spice .
she gave me a hug and kissed my cheek , enveloping me in an expensive blend of flowers and spice .
there is a certain fruity spice to it , a very unusual , strong tincture .
maybe it was a new dish , a new spice , or simply a new brand , but she made a point to pick up one new item every time .
this behemoth ranked in my top three breakfasts , the green chile being the key , and i sometimes wondered if jean put something in it to make it so addictive ; there was a spice i could nt quite identify .
she was full of sass , and vinegar , and a little spice that makes life a lot more interesting .
certainly , she enjoyed a ride in the back of the truck but only at her convenience , and did nt that human woman with the blonde hair smell like too much flowers and spices ?
she sighed in pleasure at its luscious spices .
the parmesan flakes on top add a smack of sweet and spice , and all of it has me moaning with each bite .
he shoves her parted lips open with his sweet tongue attacking her taste buds with the favor of spice from my vaginal juices .
sugar and spice wears everything nice .
brown mustard was the condiment equivalent of skydiving - it was okay for race - car drivers and serial killers , but for charlie , a fine line of french 's yellow was all the spice that life required . )
minty spice instantly comes to mind .
india held a firm belief that men were the spice of life .
he smelled like old spice and a little bit of sweat and furniture polish .
his warm skin smells like coconut sunblock mixed with his usual masculine spice .
i can feel the heat from his body and smell the spice of his cologne , but he 's not touching me .
the spice of his cologne , all masculine and sensual , liquefies my need .
the spice of his cologne rolls my stomach as my vision adjusts to his nearness .
vanilla spice curling through my senses and practically dropping me to my knees .
even his shampoo and conditioner was designed for male only use so instead of my normal coconut and lime i ended up with hair that smelled like sandalwood and spice .
his act was so - god , the cliche made my teeth hurt - soulful and road weary , like someone who had lived on the streets and been an eco - terrorist , all rolled up into jack kerouac and ivan illich , with a touch of greenpeace and anonymous thrown in for spice .
stan was strong , well - built , and smelled of spice and citrus .
smelled him - that mix of subtle spice and leather .
the masculine scents of tobacco , spice , and a hint of grapefruit hit her nostrils and affected her like she 'd dropped into a godiva factory .
his delicious scent swamped her senses , spice and a hint of citrus .
flavor rushed across my tongue , the beef and vegetables combining with just enough spice to make my mouth water for more .
he reached for a handful of salad to cut the spice .
but he had spices that would indicate his culinary arsenal included more than chili and staples that evidenced that arsenal was a lot more than chili .
a horrid mix of spice and musk that gave me an instant headache , whilst his eyes stole everything about me from my reflection to my dismal future .
he tasted the spices on her tongue from the food they had eaten .
a hint of spice and lemon , with a woodsy fragrance thrown into the mix .
the scent of lucien reached her nose and filled her head with cinnamon and spice , and the warm strength of his hands holding the toy against hers made her want his hands on her everywhere else .
to add that extra spice of pain to her flavor , sean used luna 's hair to hold her head back , as he grazed the flesh of her neck just below her ear , scraping her skin and leaving ribbons of crimson blood in the path of his mouth .
he smells like pine and spice and fire .
once i snag it , i bounce up , smashing my nose into a massive chest and the intoxicating scent of woods and spice .
a dash of extra spice .
my forehead on his shoulders , my face planted in his chest , me breathing deeply till the spice of his skin brushes away all my darkness .
spice , lemon and ice .
his face drifted close enough that i could smell the faint scent of his shampoo and the sweet spice of his aftershave , close enough that i could feel the warm air from each breath across my neck , close enough that goosebumps rolled over my arms from the thrill of being so near a handsome , nearly naked male body .
the gyros were some of the best shed had so far , the meat juicy , with just the right amount of spices .
he tasted like spice and she could nt get enough of his hands on her .
` ` i think you do it on purpose , but it does n't matter , it will add a little spice to my life . ''
it was comfortable and very routine , but lacking in spice like a lazy marriage can be .
i mean , its not my job , i know , so i did both of marcuss original suggestions , but thought i might just throw that in for spice .
the soup was thick with meat and vegetables , with just the right amount of spice .
scented candles gave the apartment spice and yellow pillows rested on the new couch , but the bedroom was as james left it two weeks earlier .
they downed plates of food like pros and then beth reached for her cold drink to combat the spice .
the combination of sweet tomatoes , oregano and another spice she could nt identify wafted upward when the waiter set down her meal , and she took in a deep breath .
his scent reminded her of fresh air with a hint of rich spices .
i watched as the chicken disappeared from my view , with all its shining spices and delicacies .
for an instant , the memory of how that skin had tasted rushed through her senses , a haunting symphony of mouthwatering spice flavored by the slightly bitter tang of salt .
i did nt put too much spice in em .
my dear , i think this will only add the tiniest spice to the gossipmongers while it will sweeten my entire day .
i could smell the subtle spice of his cologne and a baser scent that was pure male .
i missed that smell of juniper and spices that made me feel warm , and after tonight , let me know i was safe with him .
warm spices and blood - sizzling juniper radiated throughout my vulnerable senses .
it carried a distinctive odor that reeked of near - stifling wealth , damp woods and an unidentifiable spice that was entirely unlike the comforting salty marsh scents that mixed sweetly with south carolinas warmer temperatures .
the lingering flavors of the wine they d drank danced on her tastebuds ; sweet vanilla , ripe black cherry and tantalizing spices .
it smelled of spice and leather and was accompanied by a hum of energy as calm as the sea on a windless day , but as profound as it as well .
a little variety was the spice of life , right ?
her scent was drifting toward him , a combination of vanilla and spice , the same smell that had been haunting him all week .
he licked the pulse on her neck , felt the strong beat against his tongue as he inhaled her scent of vanilla and spice , something he 'd forever associate with her .
the air was redolent with a mix of exotic spices and fragrances , making me feel like i 'd stepped into arabian nights .
` ` it has spice and wine in it .
she tasted of rage and fear with an added dash of sociopathic spice .
` ` i detect a spice i ca n't place . ''
then mrs . m. did the most amazing thing : she hugged tully , enveloped her once again in an embrace that smelled of jean nate perfume and menthol cigarettes , with just a hint of hairspray to give it spice .
she 's mexican and cooks with a lot of spices .
fantasies were just that - something she could escape to when her hard - earned control stifled her , when life got boring and she needed a little spice .
` ` colin- '' he came over her and took her mouth , inundating her senses with the taste of brandy and the exotic spice that was uniquely his .
pungent spices and oils wafted through the air , and the smells were so appealing it was all she could do not to follow them into the kitchen .
perhaps it was the clandestine foray into a man 's world under the guise of mr . beddington that gave the enterprise its spice .
the tingle of anticipation , the spice of danger - it lets us know we 're alive .
like coffee and spices , rich and all male .
he smelled of a mix of rich scents that made her dizzy : coffee beans , spice , and musk .
the delicious scent of musk and spice surrounded her .
their tongues tangled together , and his taste swamped her , the delicious burn of alcohol and spice and a hint of mint tooth - paste .
the odd combination of wood , spice , and lemon made her want to bury her face in the curve of his neck and breathe in .
fear of being caught stealing away from her father 's house had added spice to the adventure .
and he smelled so good , of spice and bay rum .
five tiny secret weapons to add a spice of magic to a certain plan i ' m cooking up .
musk and man and something with spice , an expensive scent that was far too sophisticated for a guy who was one parking spot ahead of her in the food chain at bournham industries .
her spice filled his nostrils .
among the scents of brandy and cigar smoke , i could smell the night on him , and the faint musky spice of nicotiana ; he had been walking , then , amid the flowers in the garden .
living in a country normally barren of much that was edible , they were capable of relishing glutinous masses of cereal , untouched by any redeeming hint of spice or flavor .
the air was saturated with different spices and flavors , and the smal round table displayed empty wine glasses and white plates .
the excitement she needed in her life , the spice she was craving , was sitting underneath her .
he eased his mouth back down to her cl*t and teased it with languid sweeps of his tongue , groaning at the sharp spice of her need .
hell , they smelled good together ... his spice and her musk and their sex blending into an intoxicating perfume .
and she reveled in it , exploring the spice of his scent and the texture of his skin .
a touch of spice without being overpowering .
as she walked under his extended arm , she caught the barest scent of his earthy cologne - evergreen and spice .
chapter 2 zach liked a little spice in his women , but this was ridiculous .
she could smell the spice of his skin and a subtler , earthier scent of aroused male swirling in the air around them .
he smelled of spice and warmth and safety .
not that i mind sneaking around - it adds a little spice .
rafe sat on her other side , both men far too close , but she felt so comfortable in the soft velvet , surrounded by their heat and the musky spice of their exotic scents .
he wanted to drown in it , in her spice and sweetness .
the musky spice of alea 's arousal tightened his c*ck and made him crazy .
he directed her every movement , told her just how much spice to put in the meat .
his scent hit her with the force of a battering ram - spice , sweat , swamp , and pure mystery .
being in the same room with her and not touching the pale silk of her skin , or tasting the cinnamon spice of her kiss , the musky cream of her p**sy , was making him hard enough to drill holes through steel .
morgan opened to him , accepting the hungry thrust of his tongue , which delivered the spice of his taste and the heat of his need in a devastating dance of seduction .
morgan smelled the yeast of the bread blend with the spice of the swamp 's vegetation lazing in the temperate february day .
she looked down to find his foot hooked around the leg as he pulled it beside his , right next to his heat and spice .
man and spice , cypress and leather and warm skin all rolled into one incredibly attractive package with abs so tight she could probably bounce a quarter off them .
his kiss tasted of sweet comfort , even as it overwhelmed her with the spice of desire .
dizziness swam through her head , along with his masculine scent , like spice and earth .
we can smell your hot spice , but we want to see your swollen slickness . ''
i inhale deeply and remember his scent , the mix of citrus and spice and something deeper , fragrant and infused with promise .
he smells like sweat and comfort , spices and safety .
the man cave smells like male sweat , old spice , and onions .
closer , he inhaled a mix of woman and lavender , of sex and spice .
the meal waited for them , savory spanish spices drifting along the air .
not only did he smell delectable - a luscious mix of spice and wood smoke - but he was also much taller than she 'd realized , forcing her to tip back her head to meet his gaze .
his unique smell invaded her senses - an intoxicating mixture of hot spices and clean sweat .