with a bit of spices , a little oil and soy sauce , along with a secret ingredient she and her mother had worked on together , she tossed the vegetables around in the center of the pan , quick frying them all together until they were the perfect crunchiness .
the odors coming from the bowl were carrots , celery , chicken and some spices he could n't identify .
she was so tempting she made his mouth water and , as if the sight of her were n't enough to break down his defenses , her womanly fragrance - a mixture of spice and springtime - was driving him up a very rough wall .
she 'd hit the market the first day she landed , stocking up on good chicken stock , rice and spices for the pollo con arroz , eggs and nutmegs for the ron ponche , and raison , prunes and dark rum for the christmas cake .
the fish sputtered in the oil , giving the room the delicious scent of cooking herbs and spices .
he tasted whatever was in the bowl and then added more spice .
bottles of oil with various peppers and spices inside were lined up on the counter like soldiers waiting for a call to duty .
she passed by the rice and saffron spice , her mind immediately thinking of gaston and his preference for paella .
she took a big bite of the cheesy pasta , savoring the wonderful taste filled with garlic and spices .
how about freshly baked bread , crusty on the outside , soft on tomato sauce with savory spices , two kinds of cheese melting all over and michael 's mouth was already watering , but not from her description of the food .
narrower , cobblestoned side streets spilled off the bigger avenues and from there came the tantalizing scents of frying onions , spices and grilling meat .
a vast selection of tapas , cheeses , three dishes of paella - seafood , chicken and pork - castilian - style beef rack , chorizo filled with spices , desserts , and other dishes i had not had the pleasure of being acquainted with , filled the entire opulent rectangular dining table .
i inhaled the tantalizing smell of the dry noodles and the spice packet as i ripped open the plastic , poured the noodles into a water filled bowl , shoved it in the microwave , then blasted it .
i remember many school lunches where i would rip open the plastic , dump the spice onto the dry noodles , clench the package in my fist to break them into tiny rings , and then shake it to distribute the seasoning .
' what about spice ?
` ` challenge is the spice of life to me , amy . ''
sparks and spice and all things nice . ''
sure enough the shelves were packed in precise order , sauces and spices lined up for easy access , other staples grouped together .
' bon appetit , ' i mumble , duck , spice and honey on its way to my mouth .
the smell of rich spices made her stomach growl .
the patio smelled of coffee and spice and i looked around the tiny area , recognizing basil and a dozen other fresh seasonings growing .
the sight of dewy chicken and vivid vegetables and the scent of spices she could n't guess at knotted her stomach with hunger .
he could n't concentrate on anything with her singing that medley of sappy songs between asking him about food items and spices she did n't recognize even with the tags , then about his preferences for dinner .
he 'd just finished the khoshaaf she 'd made soaking dried fruits in honeyed water and topping them with toasted almonds and spices .
they just taste different because they put more herbs and spices on top of the pizza before it goes into the oven . ''
i could smell him , that subtle hint of bergamot and spice .
to outsiders , he manned the family spice booth along with his brother , speaking to people who came to taste their famous italian spices on dishes mariana had made .
` ` not that i want to be the target , but if the fire was aimed at the family or the business , would n't the person have hit the spice booth , not the pie stand ? ''
from what i could tell , she was going with savory tonight , given the spices she was shaking together into a measuring cup .
i gave her another hug and helped her dump out the disgusting butter and then air out the apartment as she popped two giant bowls ' worth of popcorn , covered it in fresh butter , and then with herbs and spices .
i could smell the spice and feel the weight of a hand on my shoulder .
the smell of the spice and the cloves is nice and it does n't bother me , but i know it 's bad for you and i do n't like that part . ''
the chicken parmigiana in my mouth was perfectly prepared with succulent meat , savory sauce , and spices , but the company sitting across from me at my table was even better .
one djarum after the other , until i was high from the pumping nicotine and spice that fueled the addiction i could n't deny .
` ` i know , '' neil answered with a chuckle , as he added some spices to the sizzling chicken .
the taste of the mulled apple cider , rum , and spices gladdened her like a familiar smile .
most of her meals were raw fruits and vegetables with some sort of lean meat , usually chicken with different spices or simmering sauces because they were fast , easy and relatively nutritious .
well before they entered the kitchen the delicious aroma of herbs and spices drifted to her nose , causing her stomach to grumble softly .
she loved the taste of the spices from the sauce on his lips and tongue .
later , when we got back to her house , she made orange spice tea , and told me it was a christmas tradition with her family that her great - grandmother started .
could smell him - leather and spice .
` ` and when mom and dad introduced me to a wimpy accountant who reeked of old spice and old money , and they encouraged me to accept his marriage proposal after one lousy date , i snapped .
what 's the spice ? ''
she whipped up a spice cake with rum frosting .
she was well - thanked by all , and henceforth , they all endeavored to also help her with their tongue because the more herbs and spice and food stuffs his queen was able to identify , the better their own meals became .
the flavors popped in his mouth in a rambunctious symphony of tomatoes , chicken , rice , sausage , and spices , not all of which he could name .
he let the smell of the chicken and spices fully invade his head .
` ` i have to say that i certainly love a little cajun spice , '' todd said as he joined her side .
not to mention the juices and spices went straight into the cuts on his lips and into the tenderest part of his sore gums and throat - something that always set them to throbbing in the worst sort of way .
and her body tasted like honey and spice .
he smelled of warm sandalwood and spice .
mom had pulled me into her arms and she 'd smelled of pumpkin and spice , making it even harder to leave .
tears pricked my eyes as i managed to get my arms around his huge shoulders , inhaling the faint scent of fried food and his old spice cologne .
all the luxuries of viggo and mortimer 's urban kitchen were there - the cappuccino maker , the industrial gas stove and grill , a large refrigerator - but the string of garlic cloves hanging from a nail in the wall and the butcher block counter cluttered with bottles and jars of various spices and oils gave it a rustic air .
festive music made me feel like i 'd gone on vacation to somewhere exotic , while the rich smell of spices made my tummy perk up for the first time in days .
she was scented all over with some sweet spice .
i sat back again without his telling me that i could , and i smelled the cedar and spice perfume rising from his robes , i smelled his dark male smell , and looked up to see the wine - colored ni**les under the flap of the robe .
and smell the green grass right under my head , and smell the fruit , and the strong aroma of roasted meat and sweet aromatic spices .
it looked like a place you could cook for hundreds , with row upon row of jarred preserves and soups , spice tins , and a huge haunch of beef roasting on a hook over the open fireplace .
she smelled exotic , like spice and sex .
birdie stirred something on the stove , and the scent of spices filled the air .
honey and gold and old spice .
the sharp scent of the spices hit her , and her stomach twisted with hunger , a voracious appetite demanding attention .
sugar and spice , or absolutely nothing nice .
the scent of jasmine and female spice drifted from her and should have acted as an aphrodisiac .
her jasmine scent held the faintest trace of spice , enveloping him as her fingers clenched on his shoulders , nails sinking sharply .
the scent of food - fruits and nuts , no meats or spices , thank god - came with her .
he sucked in a breath and caught the scent of honey and spice .
dark spice and tree dew .
he smelled so damn good , like musk and alluring spice .
she opened her pantry and began retrieving spices and spaghetti sauce and pasta .
chapter forty - nine tris the death serum smells like smoke and spice , and my lungs reject it with the first breath i take .
you would n't touch the instant vanilla spice stuff i had at my place . ''
` ` for heaven 's sakes , it 's just spice , '' i said , exasperated .
he actually smelled delicious , like exotic oils and spices , but the insult felt like a winner , so i went with it .
like homemade pumpkin bread with a hint of spice .
she tried to picture ella , joking with the other students over a counter of sugar and spices , showing up every week with a new anecdote .
jasmine and spices , golden lights , heels tapping on polished floors .
there was rustling and the occasional whiff of old spice , and zane figured ty was putting on clothing , waving his shirt or jacket through the air as he put his arms into the sleeves .
zane had a hard time keeping his eyes off ty , and the lingering scent of old spice on his clothes and skin helped to combat any urge to drink that cropped up as the night carried on .
it 's warm inside , sweetly perfumed with cinnamon and spice and everything nice - and yet oh so seemingly out of reach .
my senses light up with the scent of sugar and spice and all things delicious as only my mother can make .
i kiss her temple and taste the salt from her skin - salty and sweet , vanilla and spice .
he holds the scent of lemons and spice .
she steps over in all her brilliance , weaving the fragrance of lemon grass and hyacinth through the air , honey and spice and everything nice .
sugar and spice and everything not so nice ? ''
it takes everything in me not to dive across the counter and shove my face in her neck just to see if she smells as good as i remember - sugar and spice and everything very f**king nice .
by the time i get back to the apartment the entire place is lit up with the scent of sugar and spice and , holy shit , everything nice .
he smells good , clean like warm spices mixed with soap .
i also realized , dumping the breadcrumbs and spices into the ziploc bag , preparing the breading for the chops , that i liked him .
although i saw the envelope from which he 'd poured the spices , and thus suspected the fare would be mediocre , he was not wrong .
i could tell because i could smell faint traces of leather , spice and tobacco .
vanilla and spice .
he smelled like fresh soap and spices .
he tasted like spice - warm , comforting , blazing hot .
` ` lovely wine , just ... the perfect amount of spice , do n't you think gentleman ? ''
up to and including reorganizing my dads ' spice rack . ''
her scent - a sweet hint of flowers wrapped in sinfully hot spice - wound through him .
to remember every flavor of sugar and spice on her lips as he 'd kissed her ?
he smelled like spice and heat and the man she could n't live without .
and she smelled like vanilla and spice , so sweet and sultry that he was barely able to tamp down the overpowering urge to bury his face in the curve of her neck and breathe her in .
onions sauteing with spices .
and then , from out of nowhere , a dark spice wafted up , the scent - blay 's bonding scent - the single most beautiful thing that had ever been in his nose .
he 'd handmade everything from the chicken stock to the spice satchels that were floating on the surface of the fragrant melange .
grease and spices still hung heavily in the air , and saturated everything else , including a thin film on the green tile floor .
his scent enveloped her - spearmint and spice and something sweet she could n't place .
it looks amazing , and the smell of the spices has me salivating .
it 'd fill their freezer and provide enough for their traditional new year 's dinner of boulettes des chevrettes : ground fresh shrimp mixed with peppers , garlic , onions and spices , formed into patties and deep - fried .
the spices zing my taste buds without overwhelming them - a dusting of powdered sugar counteracts the fresh ginger - and the whole thing is warm and wonderful and tastes like christmas used to feel .
as soon as they did , i made a cup of tea , but i was a wild woman and chose orange ceylon spice instead of the usual infusion .
` ` i do n't have orange ceylon spice , but i can offer chai or honey lemon . ''
i ' m terrible , but we can sing the spice girls or destiny 's child together . ''
i ' m getting you drunk , then you 're singing the spice girls with my mom and me .
i made avery hold the mic we were sharing while krista partnered up with my mom , then we sang the hell out of the spice girls .
` ` eighteen years old with a little spice and cherries along with vanilla .
females might not be sugar and spice , but they certainly were n't serial killers .
every once in a while , i got a whiff of the sugar and spices that had flavored the air earlier in the day , although now , the smel s of perfume , beer , and smoke overpowered them .
but the academy chefs would be more than happy to whip up a liver - and - onions omelet flavored with goat cheese and some obscure , bizarre spices if that 's how you wanted to start your day .
he found the usual assortment of aging condiments and spices that tended to get left behind in a vacation cottage .
` ` ah , well , i suppose it adds spice , '' she murmured half to herself .
the air smelled a little like roses and some kind of spice that nipped at my nose .
flowers and spice .
graham could n't be around this woman , who smelled like honey and spice , who curled her tongue around the light and dark ice cream as though it were the sweetest aphrodisiac .
` ` danger adds spice to a mundane existence , '' brennan said .
jace drank her hungrily , imbibing her spice .
mmm , vanilla and a touch of spice .
he tasted of spice and oolong tea , sweat and worry .
a slab of pudding , studded with fruit and smelling of spices , landed on his plate .
like pumpkin pie spice , mixed with leather , and sweat .
she 'd seasoned the ground beef with garlic , salt , pepper , and a pinch of swamp spice , added an equal amount of cooked rice , shaped the mix into oblong patties , rolled them in bread crumbs , and fried them .
what diego was mixing up in that cast - iron pan - strips of steak that smelled like they 'd been marinated with spices and jalapenos - made eric 's mouth water and stomach growl .
it is made with chicken and spices . ''
elliot could go back home and feast on porridge prepared by hamish or lentils and spices from mahindar , whoever managed to get to the kitchen first .
the air swirled with the delicious aroma of meat cooked over an open fire , sauteed garlic , and sweet spices .
the scent of cinnamon , spice , and smoke filled my nose .
` ` smells like a bottle of my granddaddy 's old spice that 's been fermenting in his attic since 1969 . ''
half an hour later , as she stepped carefully into quentin 's kitchen so her high heels would n't clop on the marble , the bite of spice hung in the air .
it was n't a hygiene issue or overdependence on men 's cologne , though i 'd halfway expected old spice .
her scent is sweet , fruity , with a hint of spice - like a ripe apple with a touch of cinnamon .
he did n't like her , but he was an aristo warlord who had wanted a bit of spice instead of what he usually found in his marriage bed .
i was surrounded by simon , and even his scent was turning me on , equal parts peppery spice and thick spanish brandy .
it sang of flowers and lemon and rich spice and sunlight , all bottled together .
ethan stepped inside ; i followed , catching a cloud of citrus - and - spice perfume as i walked past the girl .
the pan was covered with foil , but it steamed with heat , and i could smell what was inside : meat , cabbage , spices - eastern european deliciousness .
` ` normally , i 'd trade carbs and cheese for some green vegetables , maybe a little spice , or something with a little vinegar .
a clean scent with a hint of spice .
i love that spice . ''
she explored the affected area and suddenly she could smell an intriguing spice , a very familiar spice ... like cardamom .
` ` i ' m smelling spice , lots of spice , sweet exotic moroccan spice . ''
` ` i ' m smelling spice , lots of spice , sweet exotic moroccan spice . ''
` ` i ' m smelling spice , lots of spice , sweet exotic moroccan spice . ''
i added the pumpkin spice and cinnamon to the mixture .
even my spice cabinet is in alphabetical order .
his dusty khakis and loose , linen shirt rippled with gusts from the fan in front of a window , the same fan wafting spices into the air , gagging her .
light on the spices since you're- uh - nursing . ''
she smelled of red wine , rare spices , rich blossoms .
but a green apple '' -his hand was on her skirts , lifting and bunching them- '' is brought to life by the sugar and spice .
the fragrance was familiar , one of those classic manly aftershaves that smelled like citrus and leather and a hint of spice .
steam filled the bathroom , evidence of a very hot bath being drawn , and the room smelled of cherry blossoms and spice .
the ice man gets all hot and bothered around cinnamon spice .
he smelled her first , that blend of cinnamon , spice and honey .
sweet with a small taste of spice .
he smells like some exotic blend of masculine spices .
the stationery smelled like feminine spice and lily of the valley and some other intriguing note that he refused to expend the effort to define .
` ` a little sweet , and a hint of spice . ''
` ` you taste like spice .
sugar and spice !
we had fowl , so i pulled it out , washed it and went looking for flour , spices and seasonings .
let me know what 's happening on your end , and i 'll go looking for spice and sugar suppliers . ''
` ` here are the sugar and spice suppliers , '' i handed my comp - vid to edward , who tapped his codes in to transfer the data .
` ` just a bit of nut spice , that 's all , '' radolf grinned and offered one more bite .
adding the beef bits back to the broth , i threw in several spices and let it simmer .
` ` you want more fruit drinks or a tomato spice ? ''
` ` tomato spice ? ''
the two kinds of fruit had been peeled and seeded and the brown sugars were there , as were the tomato puree and spices .
now , for the pepper and spices , '' i flung all of it into the pan on the stove with my fingers while fes watched avidly beside me .
the scents of cake and cooked meat and bread and spices are on the air , making my mouth water - i forgot to eat lunch .
she could smell boy spice beneath the thrift - store aroma of his jacket , and the rubbing and the smell began to work to soften her -- like butter before you add sugar , in the first step of making something sweet .
it tasted ... fine , so subtle and strange it made her feel like a novitiate into some arcanum of spice .
but she was n't a little girl anymore , and she had begun to catch hints and glints of another world outside her pretty little life , one filled with spice and poetry and strangers .
the rich smell of butter and spices sends my head spinning - i have n't eaten real food in weeks .
` ` mulled with spices , and served hot or cold , depending upon the weather .
i could barely keep myself from sharing my wonderful thought with them , but that would n't do , and i managed to sip the negus - port mixed with hot water , sugar , and spices , then chilled to a cold - truly cold ! -water - beaded delight - and engage in civil admiration of the ongoing improvements to bartram 's garden , these being already famous for their beauty and variety .
` ` sugar and spice ' n everything nice , that 's what little girls are made of .
her hair smelled of pinecones , chicken feathers , and the soft soap auntie claire called shampoo , and he could taste the german sausage they 'd had for lunch , under the veil of pickling spice .
` ` this is like one of those old spice commercials . ''
the tangy element - whatever delectable spice he smelled of - seemed stronger than usual and , despite the strange circumstances , it still made my insides melt .
` ` i baked a caramel apple spice cake last weekend using a recipe i found online , one i 'd been dying to try .
sugar and spice .
i could still smell old spice as if dad had just walked away .
nothing too ambitious , just a little mutton and spices , some indian flatbread to go with the boiled rice .
we have a pumpkin spice french toast special , '' she suggests .
the aroma of tomatoes and spices hit my nose and caused my alcohol - filled stomach to churn .
salt and fat and spice and sugar and all of it - so basic , but so good !
the savory spices blended perfectly on his skewer , but the flavor was lost on his tongue .
fortunately , the biting spices in the pakoras kept her eating slow , although the whole glass of lassi was gone after only a moment , every ounce of mango goodness coating najimas taste buds .
don has specifically requested that beta spice up her wardrobe and appearance , but this morning he seems to be preoccupied , and beta is vaguely disappointed that he does not compliment her stunning new outfit with his usual approval and appreciation .
she smelled like exotic spice .
he smelled like the tropical version of old spice , mixed with hints of seitan and sugar .
allie had a few small bags of spice with her that seasoned the stew perfectly .
he placed them in a plastic bag along with the intestines which would be used as sausage casings for some of the meat which he planned to grind along with pork and spices for a tasty treat .
would you like a bit of ulon spice in your soup ?
the tea is good but i think you might like a bit of spice , to add to its taste .
the smell is incredibly stronga mix of random spices , ni - perchta candles , and the steamy smell of tasty things cooking .
the plate of food was hot and loaded with spices , and graid ate it with relish .
on the tray was a bowl of tiny octopus tentacles seasoned in a brown spice ; the dish tasted sweet .
scattered decoratively along the tray were clam shells stuffed with meats and vegetables peppered with spices .
` ` boy that rabbit stew sure smells great molly , those herbs and spices smell like they are all around me , it 's really right under my nose ... yeah ... my ... nose ... ah ... '' said louis as he just about became overwhelmed by the cursed sweet smells .
a few herbs picked from a nearby field , added dried venison and a few spices and the soup was complete .
no point in being invisible if you smell like an old spice sampler .
what is old spice ?
food stalls lined the roadside , infusing the air with the aromas of cooked meats and spices .
` ` now , carmella , add the fennel , almonds and spices into the broth and stir . ''
as the heat increased , the mixture of vegetables and spices began to bubble and thicken .
right now i just am .. no passion enagagementlacking spice depression .
the entire tent smelled of herbs , spices .
i enjoy a little spice in the morning , my aya .
the formula is composed of a special blend of herbs and spices that when mixed with male testosterone aligns the vocal cords and other critical body parts to achieve maximum resonance in a singers body , informed the professor .
she added more crumbled crackers to the cheese , then some spices and water .
chapter 50 the tables were laden with platters filled with seasoned roasts , twists of shaped breads , bowls of boiled roots , and platters of baked apples , raisins , and spices .
the bartender lost his frown , recognizing a fellow spice enthusiast .
chant with me spices , spices .
chant with me spices , spices .
three plump birds covered in butter and spices were waiting for the vegetables to arrive .
the smell of soup and spice pervaded the walls , but there was no garlic to be seen .
its easy to just throw some meat and cheese and vegetables between two slices , maybe add some sauces and spices , and eat it with some salad .
she sat down and accepted a cup of hot red wine mixed with spices from sally , tom 's wife .
she added the spice to the vegetable .
mark walked back to the counter and ordered a pumpkin spice latte .
` ` none of it is entirely common here on aurora , but i did n't think it made sense to subject you to our own version of gourmet dining , which involves food items and spices of auroran varieties .
he saw he had pleased her by knowing the relationship between sandworms and the spice the bene gesserit needed for their existence .
that explained the smell of spice .
` ` they require a large amount of spice as catalyst . ''
wait for the possibility that scytale could be induced to tell them how axlotl tanks produced the spice ?
most reverend mothers followed the teaching and seldom thought of their spice as addiction .
we have our spice at last ! ''
bellonda returned with spice essence and proceeded to fill the syringes .
their faces betrayed the stamp of shared genes : generous mouths , widely set eyes of spice addict blue - on - blue .
a strong smell of spice filled the air as the attendant passed .
` ` oh , i do n't imply that i ' ve made my father 's mistake and peered into the future with a glass of spice .
` ` perhaps i should risk the spice ... '' ` ` and be destroyed as your father was ? ''
her sandals crossed spice - fiber rugs , parquet wood , tiles of giant garnet and once more , rugs .
` ` if the worms go , the spice goes .
no matter how much spice he ingested , though , his ordinary awareness persisted in its singular flow of now , reflecting a universe of uncertainties .
the hunters would be on spice out there .
` ` but i ' m already saturated with spice , '' he said .
their spice will be for the spacing guild only , and the price ... '' she shook her head .
nothing would move in the universe without the spice .
` ` earth to larceny spice , come in larceny spice .
understandable , because the spice heightened a steersman 's prescience , gave him the power to guide a guild heighliner across space at translight speeds .
i had my own share of our spice , but no money .
the breeze brought hints of spice and smoke : an incense merchant .
the melange spice for which the bene gesserit , the guild and all the others hungered ... that was a prize worth this risk .
he let it be a loud one : ` ` the harkonnens were spice hoarders ! ''
as for the guildsman who warned us about it , present him personally with ten grams of spice .
` ` and they pay for their participation by sharing spice with ix . ''
she shuddered , then : ` ` i will not let siona try to get your spice . ''
more brought food - fresh fruit , hot rolls and a steaming drink which smelled faintly of spice and caffeine .
` ` how i long for the old days when we had all of the spice we could ever need . ''
but leto said he no longer consumed any spice .
` ` do i smell spice ? ''
the taste swept old memories through idaho 's awareness - meals in sietch , banquets at the atreides residency ... the way spice flavors permeated everything in the old days .
` ` sometimes ... sometimes , lord , i think the spice is the atreides curse ! ''
if the guild disobeys me , it gets no spice . ''
it was there in every negotiation and would be for as long as necessity drove the trading system - the need for particular things ( such as spice or the technoproducts of ix ) , the need for specialists ( such as mentats or suk doctors ) , and all of the other mundane needs for which there were markets : for labor forces , for builders , for designers , for planiformed life , for artists , for exotic pleasures ... no legal system could bind such complexity into a whole and this fact quite obviously brought up another necessity - the constant need for arbiters with clout .
a searing exhalation of spice odors swept over her .
a small measure of the sisterhood 's far - reaching authority could be deduced from the fact that they held this authority despite tleilaxu tank - grown melange , which had broken the rakian monopoly on the spice , just as ixian navigation machines had broken the guild monopoly on space travel .
it was laced with spice pungency from duncan 's empty cup .
` ` people thought there was a hoard of spice in it .
and posh spice wore a nice green dress to a gala .
i dug in the moment the waiter left , the taste of cooked flesh and spices making me shudder with bliss .
` ` a spice in that blue sauce reacts on human physiology as a powerful hallucinogen .
soulcast food was inherently bland , but the king 's lavish feasts always served imported spices and exotic meats .
but none did , at least not before he had followed oy through another door and into the restaurant 's pantry , a dim room stacked high with boxes and smelling of coffee and spices .
he stood in the kitchen of his compartment at chicken pox prospects ; he was frying himself a panful of local mushrooms ... the air smelled of butter and spices and , in the living room , his portable tape recorder played a haydn symphony .
it smelled of hot spices , and had what appeared to be crab claws floating in it .
all kinds of food - the smells of curries and spices seemed to predominate , with , beneath them , the smells of grilling meats and mushrooms .
hotels and hostels had multiplied in a continual creep out from the river 's east and west banks , along with restaurants , bars , internet cafes , travel agents , fruit and spice stands , and myriad markets selling cambodian carved curios , filigreed silver , postcards , tshirts , and trinkets .
the smell of ozone and some rich organic volatiles like a spice shop gone rancid were all the evidence that he had been there .
meat , veggies , spices .
realizing that all eyes had turned to her again , she hastily shoveled the rest of the potato into her mouth , though the spices were making her cheeks flush .
some sort of spice on his breath .
one of the peculiarities of our gift is the fact that imagination plays a very large part in it , and i soon found that i could imagine what a given spice would add to whatever dish i was preparing .
there was also a myriad of scents - of spices and cooking food , of rare perfumes , and of horse corrals .
the night will be cold , i 'll want hot spice wine .
` ` my lord wants his supper , and hot spice wine to wash it down , '' arya announced , ` ` and he does n't want it cold . ''
fiery peppers and strange spices heat the blood , she can not help herself .
` ` few come this far , and those who do fill their holds with silk and spice from the jade sea , then bend their oars for home . ''
the wine was sweet and strong , redolent with the smell of eastern spices , much superior to the thin ghiscari wines that had filled her cup of late .
the air was fragrant with the smell of roasted meat and spices , and a slave girl with a turtle on one cheek was pouring pale green wine .
wine flowed - not the thin pale stuff of slaver 's bay but rich sweet vintages from the arbor and dreamwine from qarth , flavored with strange spices .
soon the air started smelling of barbecue roasts , and exotic spices and fermenting fruity odors .
the air around was overhung with smell of strawberries and oriental spices , roasting meats and countless other delicacies ; but a particularly strong frying smell helped jack discover its source .
cover design by damonza twisted spice publications contact me : twitter : @ tigerlilly79 facebook : https : //www.facebook.com / tiffany.smith.735944 email : authortiffanynicole @ gmail.com visit the silver scythe chronicles on facebook : https : //www.facebook.com / silverscythechronicles look out for updates of future serials published by tiffany nicole smith for smashwords naomi grim book one of the silver scythe chronicles ( part 1 ) tiffany nicole smith part 1 the assignment chapter l chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter l screeching tires followed by the sickening sound of metal colliding with something solid , prevented me from almost dozing off .
the inside was filled with the aromas of spices , sauces , cooking meats and fresh dough that was being rolled , shaped and then tossed .
it was a jovial , bright space scented with sugar and spices that mingled with the aroma of wine , mead and ale , which sloshed into waiting flagons and cups .
tonight kira was feeling homey , so she bought fresh tomatoes , spices and flour to make some good old - fashioned spaghetti .
i smell a lot of spices .
the yummy smells of bread and spices made my mouth water .
it smells like mint and spices .
reece was thankful they were on their way to lunch , as the aromas now filling the air were that of freshly baked breads , cinnamons , and other spices .
i look into his room , which always smells like stale pizza boxes and old spice , and see several cans of fussy feast lying , empty , overturned , scraped clean on the floor next to his easy chair like some drunk on a bender .
smells like old spice and cigars , karla said , wrinkling her nose .
others were seniors who were skipping class , but hey , at least they were doing something productive instead of heroin or spice .
i m going back to the line to see if they have any carrot spice ones left .
your meal this evening consists of roasted baby potatoes , grilled white fish , and steamed green beans ; all with my special spice blend .
the scent of exotic spices and foods stirred my stomach .
it had no salt , no seasoning , and no spice at all .
smells of herb and smells of spice , smells of fruit and all things nice .
what are you searching for cloves for anyway , are nt there enough spices in lazelans laboratory for you to take your pick ?
there came the smell of freshly baked bread always a winner followed by a variety of herbs and spices , all mingling together to form an intoxicating blend that made ryan feel rather heady .
i could smell the strong spices from over here .
she flavored it with various herbs and spices , and i must say that i can not tell that it had been on someone elses plate previously .
then he followed his nose up the stairs to the wonderful smells of fresh bread and spices .
i followed behind her and avati , toward the smell of heavenly spices and the invigorating scent of cocoa beans .
she smelled like exotic spices and her embrace was warm and possessive all at once .
selena knew there would be food , and could already smell the spicy aroma of cinnamon and other spices wafting through the air .
the delicious scent of exotic spices mixed with the poignant aroma of raw fish and seafood .
setting her jaw in determination , vicky dumped a brick of ramen noodles in a pot and added the water and spices .
like a giant , leaf - covered , rainy day spice .
she added some type of spices to the bowl before recovering it and replacing it back in the fridge .
a subtle scent of flowers with a hint of spice filled the air .
we hung up , and then i dashed around brushing teeth , showering , gulping down hunks of pumpkin pie spice bread , and then going through my closet for an appropriate outfit .
do nt be afraid to show your big sister some spice kicking action .
` ` it was n't a complex puzzle to solve , princess laura , '' stave basted the roast with melted fat and spices .
i admit , some of the spices were nice to have , but you really do n't need a lot .
the spice girls were singing something about , giving you everything .
i bit into a grape leaf right away and savored the flavor of the scrumptious rice and beef that were seasoned with my moms homemade middle eastern spices .
there was a strange aroma floating in the air , of herb and spices .
the caffeine was definitely making her antsy selah finished putting the spices on the roast and grabbed her own coffee , sitting down next to her frazzled aunt you know we could of done alright all by ourselves mom has always made sure we were independent and in two years ill be heading to university already .
as claudio waited on the deck of the vanguard , he caught a scent of curry and cinnamon and spice ; yet whether it was just his imagination or not , he did nt know .
he followed the strengthening scent of spice and searing meat .
has he been using spice ?
then we sat at the table and began with the artichokes stuffed with breadcrumbs and spices and i delightfully observed her sucking on the leaves and licking her lips .
third , fillingthe apple filling should be moderately sweet and any cinnamony overtones or other added spice flavors are a bonus if they blend well .
after eating , while quietly sipping on a strong sweet tea laced with cloves and other eastern spices , clay said , we ve been working together for almost two years now .
in puebla , the sauce was nearly black , as thick as liquid tar , redolent of chocolate and clove and thirty - something other spices and ingredients .
this was moroccan comfort food ; a rich and hearty soup made with lentils , chickpeas , tomatoes , pasta , cilantro and a mlange of spices .
she would then make the thinest sheets of pastry possible , layering the pastry with toasted almond meal and butter and fill the pastry shell with the cooled chicken and spice mixture , covered with the folded pastry before putting it into the oven .
i added some spices to make it taste good .
i think i was just allergic to something in it , you know , like a spice .
on a slightly lighter note , the spice girls were going on tour without victoriayawn !
natasha handed a plastic container to me filled with miniature bags of cumin , turmeric and other herbs and spices ; all sealed inside under an air - tight lid .
only the kitchen held a sense of being lived in , the fridge was well stocked and the island counter held a variety of good wine , sprinkles , spices and herbs .
spices on food served discourage me from eating because i dislike spices .
spices on food served discourage me from eating because i dislike spices .
students coming to eat at the buffet enjoy spices in their snacks .
mr stingy told my boss that we should not be serving snacks alone but also to cook rice and any meal , that prompt me to add more spices on food students demand .
` ` a spice ? ''
that was when alex and monica noticed the seductive aroma of something with garlic , tomatoes and some delectable spices .
the huevos rancheros she served him gave him the sensation of having a scuttle of hot coals poured into his mouth , but the blend of tomatoes , spices , peppers and cheese that she added to the egg concoction was irresistible .
hawk leans into her nose profile smelling her perfume of roses and vanilla spice .
maybe she 'd gotten something that had a little extra spice thrown in for psychedelic effect .
a little spice . ''
that is a mixture of chinese ingredients and malay spices .
i found him eating a hot pastrami sandwich with pickles and potato salad for lunch today , full of spices and - ` ` ` ` and you took it away from him . ''
` ` i think i 'll go with the flu , then add a little spice -- - legionnaires ' disease . ''
he tried several drawers in the woman 's kitchen , finding cutlery in one , bottles of condiments and spices in another .
or old spice ?
it added a certain spice to the proceedings ... a spice that had been missing for too long .
i 'd finished adding the spices and eggs when phillip at last emerged from the guest bathroom , shiny and dressed .
my stomach , i knew , was busy sorting through the melange of vegetables , spices and sauces and would be busy for some time .
the stew was horrendous - so wanting of salt and spice that it held all the complexity of dirty water with chunks of gristly elk meat and potatoes and cabbage bobbing on the oily surface .
occasional comic book thrown in for spice . ''
then a quick clip on how to make pumpkin spice cake .
sweet scents rose to altair on his perch high above : perfumes and oils , spices and pastries .
her hair was damp but brushed , she was dressed in jeans and a blue sweater , and she smelled of oranges and spice as she joined him at the table .
` ` sugar and spice and everything likely to loosen a girl 's lips . ''
something yummy was cooking and the air was rich with the aroma of garlic and other spices .
he had been disoriented when he first regained consciousness in the cellar , but then he 'd breathed in the softest trace scent of vanilla and warm spices .
the mingled aromas of coffee beans and spices rode on the crisp breeze as claire led him over a sweeping arched bridge , then deeper into the historic district .
ben had to come over to help us at one point , which led to more inappropriately graphic displays of affection , but eventually we started cooking them , and our campsite filled with the smell of oil , fish and spices .
` ` you taste like sweet , hot spice , addictive and so sensual . ''
all around them , candles sprang to life and the soothing aromatic scent of herbs and spices filled the air .
she could smell cookies and spice .
it suddenly occurred to him how good the kitchen always smelled , with its aromas of fresh - baked bread and spices .
she tasted like wild honey and spice .
she tasted like hot spice and warm honey .
sweet with just a bite of spice .
antonietta tasted of honey and spice .
the room was spotless and the counters bare except for a line of items set out by a recipe card : some packages of frozen chopped spinach , some cubed cheese on a cutting board , a colander , some spices , some bowls , a large spoon , and a can of condensed milk by a can opener .
corinne stood back as amelie served up two beautifully browned slabs of buttery white fish crusted with a fragrant smattering of peppers and spices .
` ` everything was very good , '' she said , her taste buds still tingling from the peppers and spices and fresh , savory flavors .
i could smell the heady scent of redwood coming from him like spice .
i buttoned up my woolen coat , thankful i 'd chosen it over the trendy , but short , leather one i usually wore when i did the club circuits i caught a tram to lygon street , but hesitated once i got out , sniffing the air and reveling in the mouthwatering aromas of meats , spices , and breads wafting down from the street 's famed restaurant precinct .
the smell of cheese was strong , but not enough to hide the odor of spice and tomatoes .
the rich smell of him - leather and warm spices - teased my senses , tested my resolve .
the scent of warm leather and exotic spices wrapped around me , teasing my senses , stirring my hormones .
french bread , garlic and spices , tomato sauce , and cheese wafted from across the room .
blay turned his back on the spice channel by the cash register and went over to stand next to john matthew .
and also of ... old spice ?
good thing john did n't flip that way -- there was a soft knock at the door and then a waft of cinnamon and spice .
just before she kissed him , she paused , but not because she was worried he was going to turn away -- she knew by the dark bonding spice he was throwing out that john was not interested in pulling back .
smelled like spices .
for him to be alive whilst i sit upon his throne is just an added spice for my meal . ''
he shook the container -- it was about the size of a spice jar -- and opened it to extract one red crystal .
he served her an amazing soup - something she did n't recognize that was smooth and velvety on her tongue , with just a hint of spice - fol owed by a tiny roast bird , which elena dissected careful y with her fork , its smal bones cracking .
it was n't like anything elsenot floral or spice , citrus or musk .
the air smells intoxicatingly of cinnamon and spices , and the velvet couch looks very welcoming .
he paused at one point to growl into her ear , sounding bewildered , ` ` what is that spice you always smell like ? ''
she smelled of vanilla and spices from the kitchen , a delectable combination that made his mouth water .
` ` i like you staying with us , '' i said , knowing i 'd find pixy tea parties in my spice drawer before the week was through .
five seconds later , i heard her taking the lid off the slow cooker , and a new wave of tomato , beans , and spices wafted out .
the whole room was starting to smell warm with spices and tomato sauce , a comforting and homey sort of smell .
the expensive scent of her perfume wafted from her , blending with the aroma of sugar and spice as she floated to shaye 's side .
a sugarplum was round like a real plum , and she 'd tasted dates , almonds , spices , and honey - and there may have been some raisins , too .
scents of sweetmeats and spice wafted to him as his teammates gorged .
alexia popped it into her mouth without hesitation , only to have her sense of taste assaulted by honey , nuts , exotic spices , and crisp flakes of some impossibly thin pastry .
` ` you bring spice to this town , with your funky clothes and your attitude .
the moment he left here , they would be on him like spice on sausage .
nectar of the gods welled , the taste of chocolate and spice instantly replaced by champagne and honey , intoxicating him .
millicent had overseen the collection of that , and my ` ` spice '' rack now boasted such oddities as mugwort and scullcaps and vervain .
she had searched everywhere for relief from the nightmares , from hypnotherapy to aromatherapy to prescription drugs to changing her diet to one that was devoid of spices .
he smelled of raspberry donuts and old spice .
it smelled surprisingly sweet with a hint of darker spices , almost like incense .
who the hell puts a spice into a nerve agent ?
i find her in the living room , sorting through spices and various bags of what looks like pixie dust , a bowl in front of her where 's she 's mixing ingredients .
the drama teacher mumbled something that i could n't decipher , but i guess he must have given bethany permission to leave , because a moment later , she was sauntering toward me : sugar and spice and eyes that said did i give you leave to speak my name , lowly serf ?
even though the grill had been closed for at least an hour , the smell of charred meat , smoke , and spices hung heavy in the air , a cloud of aroma almost thick enough to eat .
missed the smell of spices and grease tickling my nose .
i enjoyed the smell of sugar and spices .
but instead of frying grease and spices , tobacco smoke filled the air , adding to my discomfort .
food splattered into jake 's eyes , and the cumin , red pepper , and other spices in the barbecue sauce caused him to scream .
cumin , red pepper , and other spices from the afternoon 's cooking flavored the air , along with a healthy dose of pure , heart - stopping grease .
the air even still smelled faintly of him - like sugar , spice , and vinegar swirled all together .
all that and more waited on the kitchen table and surrounding countertops , and the air smelled of all the sugar , spices , and grease that i 'd used to create my last supper , as it were .
i breathed in , and the scent of sugar and spices filled my lungs , smelling better to me than the most expensive perfume .
she topped off his cup , and the warm chicory fumes filled my nose , momentarily overpowering the cumin , red pepper , and other spices that flavored the air .
several chefs were busy chopping , cutting , peeling , boiling , steaming , and sauteing everything from potatoes to pasta to peaches , and my nose itched from the red pepper , cinnamon , and other spices in the air .
the other diners talked and laughed ; the waitstaff hurried from one table to another ; sophia dished up plate after plate of food ; the chatter of the customers and the clink - clink - clink of dishes and silverware sounded ; and the air smelled of hot grease mixed with smoky spices .
a series of old , battered metal dumpsters crouched on either side of the restaurant 's back door , all reeking of cumin , cayenne , black pepper , and the other spices that i cooked with , along with all of the food scraps and other garbage that had spoiled out there in the july heat .
murmurs of more than a dozen different conversations added to the pleasant mix of sounds , while the rich , hearty smells of cumin , black pepper , and other spices tickled my nose .
the goth dwarf was standing off to my right and stirring the pot of fletcher 's secret barbecue sauce that was bubbling away on one of the stoves , flavoring the air with its rich , smoky mix of cumin , black pepper , and other spices .
the warm , hearty potatoes pleasantly offset the slow burn of the spices in the sloppy joes , while the mousse was a rich cocoa concoction .
he made a show of adding spices and shaking it before pouring the blood into a highball glass .
luckily , the spices tempered the overly ferric taste of blood .
` ` well if it is n't sporty spice , '' i called .
his passion added a flavor to the blood , like dark spices , and the unselfish offering of the gift made it taste all the sweeter .
the air smelled of roasting meat and spices .
the aroma of spices and cooked meat swirled around me , instantly filling my mouth with drool .
as soon as it started simmering away with its rich , smoky mix of cumin , black pepper , and other spices , the restaurant felt like home again .
he smelled like heady , potent spice .
` ` when you told me about bleeding on my favorite t - shirt , i wondered because when i woke up after my mind rape i had blood on the pajama pants i was wearing that was n't mine and tasted of wild spice , not shifter , not vampire . ''
a little sugar with the spice never hurt .
dizziness swept over me , but somehow i knew that wild spice was what my blood would taste like , the knowledge there even though i had no f**king clue how it was , that in itself making me nauseous .
her sweet scent of strawberries and spices assailed him , the beat of her heart pounded in his ears , instantly arousing the hunger that was ever present whenever she was near .
his tongue slid into her mouth , the faint hint of spices assailed her as it brushed over the roof her mouth , and tasted her in long leisurely strokes that left her breathless .
toasts are drunk - in the rich houses , great bowls of wine that have spices like cinnamon and clove and nutmeg in them , and little pieces of toast floating , a piece of which is gathered up with each cup , and hence , a toast is said and drunk - and eaten , if the chunk of toast ends up in your mouth .
i could smell the murky brown water mixed with sweat and the scent of spices from nearby restaurants .
he smelled of clean soap and spice .
the scent of soap and spice filled my senses .
` ` and there 's supposed to be at least three british ships in , which should add some spice to the mix , '' he says .
the taste - it was nothing like the pizza back home ; the cheese , spices and crust .
i made a cornucopia tin of spritz cookies in all the available avors ( a strong a rmation of faith that snarl would be worthy of such e orts ) : chocolate snow ake , eggnog , gingerbread , lebkuchen spice , mint kiss , and pumpkin .
but really , i think the lebkuchen spice one is the best . ''
what 's a lebkuchen spice ?
i imagined them sit ing around their christmas hearth drinking hot cider and eating my lebkuchen spice cookies while the turkey roasted in the oven .
a girl made a snowman using lebkuchen spice cookies to shape the snowman 's eyes , nose , and mouth , just for you .
to the tune of ` ` stop , '' by the spice girls , my teammates had assembled a series of photos and video clips showing me in soccer goalie motion - running , grunting , kicking , leaping , jumping , soaring .
i 'd forgot en i had some lebkuchen spice cookies inside my purse , along with an obscene amount of rice krispie treats .
nur had made a poultice for sarazal and given her some spice in water , hoping to break her fever .
at least if we do this together , we do n't have to watch derrick pant around after her with his tail between his legs while lora plays the sugar plum fairy filled with sugar and spice and everything nice . ''
` ` i finished the mac and cheese you like from the restaurant , but i added some extra spice for you . ''
` ` jesus christ , '' she cursed at the near miss , inhaling her rescuer 's delicious scent of sandalwood and dark spices .
just as she was taking her first steps onto charlie 's street the smell of sandalwood and spices floated up her nose and ari skidded to a halt , her heart suddenly thumping in her chest .
the smell of burned fruit and chemical spices stung all the way down the back of my throat .
leather , spice , mint .
like spice and man .
i figured you 'd like a little spice . ''
toni interned for dad last year while deciding whether s / he wanted to pursue a career in the music industry ; s / he was also my biggest advocate in my futile campaign ( thus far ) to convince dad to produce an all - punk band tribute album to the spice girls .
the smell of beef and spices makes my mouth water , but i do n't want to face them right now ... or eat with them .
it felt like she 'd just inhaled a whole jar of rotten spices .
the strong scent of dark spices tickles my nose and i inhale deeply .
and we enjoy them all- well , almost all - they both proclaim themselves disgusted when they see me chew up the little baby octopus , pickled and laced with olive oil and spices .
it did n't take long for me to find one of the food stores - but even the sight of dried pasta and spices and sugar could n't relieve the knot of tension twisting in my chest .
the three walked into the kitchen through the back door and were immediately greeted with the smell of italian spices .
so nadya sat with vladchek , nibbling on a spice cookie or sucking on a hunk of black licorice , watching magda work .
they were covered in mexican queso and contained a spice combination that was , as madeline put it , ` ` better than sex . ''
emma crossed a navajo - style carpet and rounded the corner into the kitchen , which still smelled faintly of spices from dinner .
i could smell the strong spices from even over here .
she bit into a piece of meat , nearly moaned at the array of tangy - smoky spices , and set about eating .
while mom put groceries away , i rummaged around in the pantry , grabbing flour , some spices , and a can of crushed pineapple .
she smells the restaurant 's particular aromas of smoke and spices .
before long the table held three place settings , a bowl of fruit , a charger brimming with mashed vegetables dusted with spices , a carafe of golden fluid , a pitcher of water , and a platter heaped with slices of white meat .
inside the basket , i found a dish of hearty stew , a round of bread , butter , and a wedge of apple spice cake .
alexandra bethany was scrolled in funky purple ink across the envelope , and the paper smelled , very faintly , of lavender and spice .
` ` i know that when we hear cernunnos '' -he said it very carefully , ker - nunnnn - ohs , like it was an unfamiliar spice in a recipe- '' sing tonight , it 's going to be bad .
he would stir the brew , add sugar and spices , mix the content of certain varieties , taste and smell - and wait .
as he open this last package the aroma of spices filled the air .
she pointed to the cheese , cream of mushroom soup , ham chunks , and spices .
it was while elkano was preparing dinner for them both cocumbers and tomatos and onion salad mixed with olives oil with pepper spice .
chapter 29 humik has met an ex - israeli , josh kahansky , who was owning a restaurant together with mahmudin , an indian who was cooking there very sharp mexican and indian meat , mixed with a lot of curry , pepper and other sharp spices .
mudflat magic novels tyrant trouble welcome to mayhem , baby barbarian toy boy spice and sorcery goldilocks hits town beastly week tyrant trouble chapter 1 flattened against the wood fence , i smelled the alley dumpster odors and tried not to puke .
the guy liked to cook , so i would believe spices , but that face was all too open and expressive to be a mask for a mage .
* * * * mudflat magic novels tyrant trouble welcome to mayhem , baby barbarian toy boy spice and sorcery goldilocks hits town beastly week other urban fantasy series by phoebe matthews include turning vampire , sunspinners , and the wicked good short story anthologies .
there is our wine in bottles , and our wine in casks ; the beer , the oil , and the spices , the bacon , and sausages .
your cook has such a way with sweets and spices ah , little crab cakes and are these lobster patties with ginger sauce ?
there was fresh meat and the aroma of the vegetables and potatoes mixed with the delicate herbs and spices was almost more than they could stand .
book one - the god in the clear rock book two - the hole in the magic shield book three - the empty eggs of burning light book four - the wrath of the invisible sword book five - the final fire of bright skies and coming soon book six ( the final book ) - the seed of the suns heart find the latest information about lucian at : lucianrandolph.com and circle lucian on google plus : https : //plus.google.com/+lucianrandolph or follow lucian on twitter : https : //twitter.com / lucianrandolph a quick note from the author this story is based on actual history , real science , and existing or developing technology ; plus a little bit of make - believe thrown in for spice .
the air smelled fragrant with a hint of cooked food and spice , which made everyones stomach growl .
have you had spice before ?
` ` and what about spice ? ''
there were dried tomatoes , pickles , slices of dried apple and peach , and even a small clay container of pepper oil for spice .
inside she saw an assortment of bottles with what looked like herbs and spices in them .
surely not the gorgeous blonde because she s way too young for the title except in some off - color movie produced in a shady back - lot studio employing people named ginger , spice , and dominique .
its basically tomato juice and vodka with spices and other orts thrown in as the preparer deems fit but , for some reason , it works .
foolish , foolish people , he said , more in sorrow than in anger as they commenced their dinner of seal meat grilled in the malaccan style by henriqu , with hot spices .
for cage , the blend of spices and fresh chunks of vegetables were great and the bread was perfect for soaking up the soup .
i m spectra spice , the ghost of girl power .
do you mean girl power like the spice girls whole mantra ?
i m spectra spice .
i recruited the spice girls to help spread my message of empowerment and equality for girls of all walks of life .
wait , if only girls with a gift can see you , what was special about the spice girls ?
its a special blend of spices and stuff that is supposed to induce a miscarriage .
i tried to form my fingers around the instrument and write turmeric on the pad , but my muscles would nt cooperate that spice was the first ingredient on the list i had memorized .
maid of sugarmaid of spice it was all arranged : dinner and dancing at the cayuse steakhouse on richmond avenue , with all expenses paidprovided he remembered to say the password , ` ` do th ' letters f - o mean anythin ' to ya ? ''
it should be quite delicious with a little sprite touch and some added gnome spices .
glock drank all of his juice , its sweet smell of pumpkin spice spread .
well , spice cake would have to be the answer to that one but most of the other choiceshe honestly did nt care .
various jamaican spices had been rubbed over it to create a true authentic eighteenth century jamaican barbeque .
i put way too many spices in my curry for dinner , way too many .
the spice girls song two become one popped into my head .
he could smell honey - glazed meats and spices .
the bag hit the dock and spices spewed out of it .
claire was the spice of my life .
it was amazingly cosy and well designed , every bit of wall space that was nt a window taken up with shelves , where jars of rice , beans , lentils and tiny pots of herbs and spices held in by wooden laths , rattled and chinked together as the bus swayed on the road .
take spice tea and all your weariness would be gone .
the three of them were served with spice tea and locally made biscuits .
samten called an attendant and asked him for water and also to prepare spice tea for all of them .
it tasted of an earthy bitterness with notes of spices , perhaps cinnamon .
i immediately knew it was poison , since we do nt have any white spices of any kind , and even if we did , who puts spice in tea ?
coffee and spice .
the bread and cheese were excellent , the lamb rich with onions and spices in a recipe new to me .
inside it was overly warm , but wonderful aromas permeated the air : coffee , cookies , cinnamon , and other spices .
the smell of her blood instantly filled the chamber , that rich cinnamon aroma with a touch of oriental spice , frankincense and myrrh .
sugar and spice and everything nice , that s what little girls are made of .
she tasted like chocolate , spice , and his essence , she smelled like fresh everglades in the crisp dusk .
tonight it was sea bass baked with mushrooms and spices , and roasted turnips on the side .
i m afraid i mistook one spice for another .
i could see may different types of vegetables in it , as well as many kinds of spices floating on the top .
the smells of herbs and spices filled camons senses as he walked into the windowless enclosure .
sanrev sniffed the air , redolent with spice cakes and mulled wine .
in truth , he wanted to see her again , see whether those eyes were the way he remembered , whether her smile was as dazzling as he recalled , or whether his entire infatuation was the result of fermented grapes and spices .
shed put a pickled plum in each cup , a hint of spice and salt .
for them the scent of heaven is spice to such a meal .
the coffee smelled wonderful ; rob favored specialty coffees with caramel and cinnamon spice flavoring , so coffee at her parents house was always a special treat .
steam sent up tendrils of spices , fish , and stir fry .
while doing the opening routine for the store , i sang spice girls songs to keep the silence at bay .
lost in my cheesy imitation of ginger spice , i never heard anyone come up behind me until i was tapped on the shoulder .
a week in paradise will be good for you , elly said , stirring the large pot of chicken curry , and tossing dashes of spices into its thick mix .
as they entered the kitchen , the smell of spices and herbs - things shed never inhaled anywhere else but market - spun in her senses .
i reached my hand in there and pushed back all of the spices and other crap we had in there .
you treat them too good , said saffi as she shook her head , upset with how much of the expensive spice her father deigned necessary .
she pulled out the little baggy of spice that she had secretly stolen when the caterpillar was nt looking .
her wild , bug eyes , struggled to focus on alice as she poured the powdered spice into her hand , then she leaned forward and blew a cloud of spice into the bugs face .
the aroma of spice and herbs , of assorted kind , combined to infuse the air with a wonderful , if exotic , scent .
but its not sugar and spice .
rex sumner ps go to www.publishizer.com/in-search-of-spice to order your copy and take advantage of some of the unusual special offers like your own journey in search of spice .
she smelled strongly of kitchen spices .
sayjin smelt the broth it had alluring smell of strange herbs and spices .
` ` a little blood is fine spice for a kiss , '' he said .
his skin smelled like some exotic spice .
the scent of vanilla and spice washed across him - shalimar .
as my friends got comfortable , i followed the witch into the kitchen , where she had all her components - and maybe it was exhaustion , but it amused me to find esoteric ingredients neatly labeled in glass spice jars and ceramic canisters .
there 's a bag hanging on a coat rack in the far corner and the air smells like pumpkin and spice .
she had another mouthful of tuna salad , which was excellent , packed with walnuts and celery and some kind of lemon spice .
has it got spices in it ? '
in ankh - morpork the cuisines of the world collide : on the menu are one thousand types of vegetable , fifteen hundred cheeses , two thousand spices , three hundred types of meat , two hundred fowl , five hundred different kinds of fish , one hundred variations on the theme of pasta , seventy eggs of one kind or another , fifty insects , thirty molluscs , twenty assorted snakes and other reptiles , and something pale brown and warty known as the klatchian migratory bog truffle .
the only spice will be in the salsa . ''
festive music blared from hidden speakers and the spice - laden scent of food teased his nostrils .
miyoko insisted on cutting vegetables and offering spice suggestions , then she left for home with obvious reluctance .
he smells like old spice and a bit like the hand - rolled cigarettes he picked up in new mexico .
seeing that laurence had fallen silent , the training master continued , ` ` this rivalry adds enough spice to overcome a natural boredom which would shortly progress to frustration .
and just a pinch of spice , '' he adds .
he puts in the tape and i curl up next to him on the couch with my milk , which is really delicious with the honey and spices , and lose myself in the fiftieth hunger games .
he filled the teakettle with fresh water , put it on to boil , and opened the cupboard over the counter where he kept condiments , spices , and various envelopes containing foods which only astronauts and old men actually seem to eat - powders to which the consumer need only add hot water .
` ` sugar and spice by rachel fire .
he smelled decadent , like deep , rich male spice .
it was sweet with a hint of spice .
god , he smelled wonderful - soap and spice .
laurence was taken aback to find temeraire himself being feasted in turn by a delegation of the chinese servants , who had prepared for him delicacies favored by dragons in their own land : the entrails of the cow , stuffed with its own liver and lungs chopped fine and mixed with spices , looking very much like large sausages ; also a haunch , very lightly seared and touched with what looked very like the same fiery sauce which had been served to the human guests .
keynes was skeptical but unworried , and laurence , being more conscious of owing gratitude than truly grateful , and guilty over his lack of sincerity , did not try to interfere with the menus , even as the servants daily trooped back from the markets with a succession of increasingly bizarre ingredients : penguins , served stuffed with grain and berries and their own eggs ; smoked elephant meat brought in by hunters willing to risk the dangerous journey inland ; shaggy , fat - tailed sheep with hair instead of wool ; and the still - stranger spices and vegetables .
he mixed eggs and spices into ricotta cheese .
rand had n't tasted his - he already knew that the spices were so strong as to render the drink unpalatable .
hands still smelling faintly of pepper and spices , she made her way down to the lowest level of the tower , to the novices ' dining hall beside the main kitchens .
journeyman cooks prepared coals for roasting and older cooks were mixing spices into sauces that could be poured over other foods , which was really the only way to give flavor to such mass quantities .
it was so good - not just a sauce but a thick pottage of lentils and soft cooked beans and pepper and spices .
the house of caiaphas brought us a thick porridge of lentils with lots of spice in it .
tonight she was sleeping deeply , no doubt dreaming of sugar and spice and everything nice .
` ` a little rosemary , coriander , rose petals , some cinnamon for spice . ''
` ` you 're tied up in the backseat of a cop - killer 's car , but i ' ve seen people get more upset when starbucks runs out of pumpkin spice flavor . ''
well , it smelled a tad ripe , but i figured with some extra spices ... . another sigh .
with a practiced hand she measured spices into the cider and then moved to the dresser to gather her mothers best earthenware cups .
variety and rebels were always a necessary spice , a catalyst for progress .
there were carved baked fruits ; tiny balls of meat flaked with spice and coconut ; fried vegetables surrounded by silver cups of a pastel green sauce ; large flat fish encased in dark baking shells flecked with red and green spices ; and a virtual aviary of wild fowl , from small game birds to plump pea hens .
first my kitchen prepares a masala , a blend of nuts and spices such as almonds , turmeric , and ginger .
next a second sauce is prepared , this a lighter mixturecurds seasoned with mint , clove , and many other spices i ' m sure you know nothing of .
whoever thought there could be so many uses for spice .
` ` a preparation of opium and spice , ambassador .
its underlying bitterness had been obscured with sweet yogurt and potent spices .
nayka had ground spices as he waited , and he began to throw them into the hot fat to sputter .
around him large black cauldrons of frying bread filled the dawn with the aroma of oil and spice .
in its emphasis on roasted meats , the food could almost have been english , save it was all seasoned with spices he had never tasted in london .
a special blend of wine , water , sugar , lemons , and spices .
glossary affionopium agaconcentrated rose oil akas - diyacentral camp light alapopening section of a raga ankushook used for guiding an elephant arakindian liquor arecabetel nut used in making pan art hapractical , worldly ` ` duty '' in hinduism asvinalunar month of september - october azanmuslim call to prayer bhangdrink made from hemp ( marijuana ) biryanirice cooked with meat and spices bolsspecific hand strokes on the indian drum cartazportuguese trading license chartscattle sheds chapattisunleavened fried wheat cakes chappseal or stamp charkhifireworks used to discipline elephants in combat chaturangachess chaudoltraveling conveyance similar to palanquin chauganindian ` ` polo '' chaukiweekly guard duty at the red fort chauparindian dice game chelasmercenary troops beholden to single commander chillumclay tobacco bowl on a hookah chitahindian leopard daimidwife nurse dallentils darshanceremonial dawn appearance of moghul devadasitemple dancer , a special caste deyturkish ruler dharmapurpose or duty in life of hindus dhotiloincloth diwaliindian new year diwan - i - amhall of public audience diwan - i - khashall of private audience durbarpublic audience feringhiforeigner fil - kashelephant - drawn cannon firmanroyal decree frigallaportuguese frigate gau - kashox - drawn cannon gheeclarified butter gholablend of opium and spice gopimilkmaid gulal barroyal compound in camp gurunrefined cane sugar guruteacher gurzthree - headed club halgoalposts for chaugan harkaraconfidential court reporters hookahwater pipe for smoking tobacco howdahseat carried on back of elephant jagirtaxable lands granted to a nobleman kamalove , sensual pleasure karwaindian seaman katarknife designed for thrusting khabardar '' take heed '' khaftanquilted vest worn under armor kosapproximately two miles kamar - bandceremonial waist sash lakha hundred thousand lapsipreparation of gur , ghee , and wheat lilaplay or sport lor langarchain attached to elephant 's leg lungilong waist wrap worn by men mahalpalace mahoutelephant driver maidanpublic square mansabrank given a nobleman mansabdarnobleman granted estates to tax mardum - kashsmall cannon masalablend of spices , ` ` curry powder '' mihaffawooden turret suspended between two animals mina bazaarmock bazaar held on persian new year mirdangasouth indian drum mohurgold coin mudrahand signs in the indian classical dance musallimnavigator on indian ship mutasaddichief port official nakudaowner - captain of indian trading vessel naqqara - khanaentry to royal compound nashudani '' good - for - nothing '' nautchsuggestive dance nezahlance nilgaiindian deer nimplant whose root is used for cleaning teeth nimastehindi greeting , ` ` hello '' paharthree hours pakharsteel plate elephant armor palaswood used for chaugan stick panbetel leaf rolled around betel nut and spices and chewed panchwine punch pandithindu scholar piceindian ` ` penny '' postibanghmixture of opium and hemp extract prahnaspirit , life force puranashindu scriptures qamarghahunt using beaters to assemble game qarawalsbeaters for hunt qazijudge qurhunting enclosure containing game rasaaesthetic mood rasida '' arrived '' ; a piece that reaches center in chaupar board game sachaqmarriage present sandalitype of eunuch sarachahroyal platform sarangiindian musical instrument , resembling violin sariwoman 's wrap satiimmolation of hindu wife with body of her husband sehrabridegroom 's crown sharbatlemon and sugar drink shikarthe hunt sitkritaintake of breath signifying female orgasm strappadoportuguese torture device sumclimax of rhythmic cycle in indian music sutrahindu scripture suwar '' horse rank '' granted noblemen swanih - nigarspecial spy tarispecies of palm tavaif muslim courtesan teslimprostrate bow to moghul tithiday in the lunar calendar todahmound of earth for bow and arrow target practice topiwallah '' man who wears a hat , '' i.e. , a foreigner tundhidrink made from seeds and juices vamaaryan scriptures wakianavispublic court reporters wallahman wazircounselor yogi hindu contemplative zatpersonal rank given a nobleman zenanaharem zihgirthumb ring for shooting bow books by thomas hoover nonfiction zen culture the zen experience fiction the moghul caribbee the samurai strategy project daedalus project cyclops life blood syndrome the touchdown gene also see www.thomashoover.info barbados , 1648 .
the tongue and tripe had been minced and baked into pies , seasoned with sweet herbs , spices , and currants .
and tears and tension would just add spice to the gossip .
surely you would enjoy a taste of spice now that you have had your fill of the dull attentions of the saintly simon . ''
i must nt eat anything rich or with too many spices or too much salt .
among the cluttered living room of gifts and wrappings , was the christmas tree with homemade ornaments of ginger spice , popcorn rings , cinnamon sticks , and lace trimmings .
it was delicious ; he tasted like apples and smelled like spice .
an unbelievable assortment of silver platters with mounds of different kinds of meats , spices , and delicacies adorned the formal tables , the overwhelming presentation more important than the food itself .
ever since she could remember , this scottish delicacy with its mouth - watering blend of fruits and spices had been beckys favourite sweet bite .
the glimmering teapots steamed the air with fragrances of spice and chocolate .
i also have my bride cake , a rich spice cake saturated in brandy and filled with dried fruits and nuts .
she stirred through the liquid , watching as the spices swirled in the broth .
there were slivers of rich meat in a sweet white almond sauce ; there were walnuts and hazelnuts ground up in a mortar with herbs and oil and spice ; there was venison , dark and sumptuous , cooked in a black honeyed gravy spiked with last year 's vinegar .
i d just out here in the garden to get some spice for dem eggs .
` ` sugar , spice , and everything nice , '' piotr recited .
cloves : zz the broadsword - 3.0 - z food a spice .
cloves a spice .
she could practically smell the oh gross of randys old spice on the other side .
where was the pumpkin spice ?
his stomach rumbled as he breathed in the smell of spices , honey and freshly cooked meat .
sylvia exclaimed , all sugar and spice .
i expected the backroom to be dark and spooky , but was surprised to see a homey kitchen , smelling of apple spice .
its like adding curry spice to the mix but better .
a little too much grease or a little too much spice , and his human stomach had rebelled .
kelton had never seen a fridge and pantry so full of sauces and spices .
umami , that was the smellsalty , a hint of spice , stewed in its own beef dr.ippings , oak charred on the outside , warm and tender .
on those evenings , as angelina nursed a bland bowl of beef blood made palpable by cajun spices , she anxiously listened to the drumbeats .
his body completely absorbed into satan 's , his soul was then sugared and salted , covered in spices and saturated in wine , and then satan swallowed his very spirit whole , and everything went black .
he thought maybe old spice .
tom wanted to know all about her , it seemed - her favorite classes at school , why she thought mr . hall was mean for giving homework on fri - days , all the ways debra gilhooly had of being such a bitch , how she and pepsi had planned to go trick - or - treating as spice girls last halloween and mom had said pepsi 's mom could do whatever she wanted , but no nine - year - old girl of hers was going out trick - or - treating in a short skirt , high heels , and a cammi top .
pepsi robichaud walked with her for awhile ; the two of them sang all their favorite boyz and spice girls duets and then pepsi walked behind a tree and did n't come out on the other side .
there s a faint smell of incense , cinnamon , and bleach , and a crudely painted gold and black sign in the window announces : mr . charlies serve cold bear snack & many spice .
an ounce of spice called for in a recipe requires buying a sixteen - ounce bag .
mesquite , cajun , italian garlic , and my own lcs secret sauce with over twenty different herbs and spices .
someone started playing the spice girls greatest hits on the organ to drown out the sound of crying .
she needed spice in her life .
he poured some water into the pot , then pulled out a large steak that he had gotten earlier from bomont 's ranch , followed by a number of vegetables and spices from other containers .
he stepped so close that i choked on a cloud of old spice .
he also smelled like old spice cologne .
but andy did nt imagine the promptings of a wise analyst , he heard ma , who , when shed first met samantha , stunning in her mini skirt and knee - length boots , said she looked like a spice girl .
when she got back she mixed up a tiny batch of the herbs and spices as a hot cordial .
nobody at spice daddy once again nobody !
he was hand mixing ground beef , onions and some spices together in a large bowl .
some bandits had bandied something that looked like spices and found out the hard way that her more vicious greens were n't foods that stuck with you for very long .
the mix is flavoured with salt and a blend of spices that may include coriander and mustard seed .
sadly , he is n't me , but what would it take to convince your man to stop using lady scented body wash and switch to old spice ?
old spice jingle plays toys and gender i happy ` ` girly '' music plays .
a2 ( xx man ) : my advice to you is ... ( giving up ) i ' m thirsty my friend ( drinks and collapses ) blackout , old spice jingle bar scene miranda 's theme plays , but is interrupted by loud club music .
a little later , still in camp , i opted for a couple of bananas over more daal bhaat , especially after learning that daal bhaat was really no more than a mix of rice and lentil beans juiced up with local spices .
i never can figure that thing out , replied aldershot , looking my way , and referring to my invention , a fully self - contained outdoor kitchen , complete with silverware , pots , pans , dishes , dishpan , soap , potholders , utensils , matches , paper towels , many condiments , and other basics like flour , oil , spices , etc .
basically the pussycat dolls are the next generation of the spice girls , right ?
but the spice girls were kind of cute and nice while the pussycat dolls are simply in your face about sex and money .
what did the spice girls song say ?
gary : i liked that blonde spice girl .
appropriately , the casino was now playing wannabe by the spice girls .
women go to great lengths to conceal not only their physical imperfections but they attempt to conceal their true nature , you know overcompensating with that sugar and spice stuff .
i also mixed some very strong spices like paprika in with the grated vegetables , unnoticable unless tasted .
the ( old ) old spice could work , but with their new marketing campaign , you know that black guy riding a unicorn as pearls magically float up from his hand before he takes to the high seas it hooked me to buy , actually .
here to stir the pot of your lifelong dreams and drop a few spices of his own is deeeeeeeeaaan cook !
with honey sauce and exotic spices , like rustled norse tree bark .
you see , ladies , enrique is doing his utmost to make my celebrated lentil cakes with spice scented skordalia shine .
` ` still , he meets a lot of different people , and variety , as we know , is the spice and all that . ''
inevitably , those with a craving for spice would nt allow themselves to leave the depth of the tasty oasis .
without pepper or spice .
sugar and spice and everything nice ?
a gentle zephyr lifted the fragrance of exotic spices from aneils skin , cumin and paprika , and in later years , whenever perry ordered indian take - away , the smell would remind him not of his friend , but instead of the ersatz pearl necklace he stole from his mothers dresser : low - grade costume jewellery , but to perry , priceless .
i told myself at thanksgiving that i was going to have the kids get you a spice rack for christmas .
annetka wants chocolate almond milk made with mexican chocolate -- the kind flavored with christmas spices .
she adds a teaspoonful of soymilk , a teaspoonful of brown sugar , and half a teaspoon of her personal signature spice mixture that consists mostly of cinnamon with traces of ginger and cardamom .
i mix it with italian herbs and spices , put it in things like spaghetti and pizza .
the exact formula for the apple spice mixture is located in a separate place , and written in spanish by the way .
a hacker or eavesdropper would need to find separate references to find out what the apple spice mixture is .
there was n't a whole lot to see , just flour and oil and rice and beans , sugar and salt and a few herbs and spices .
the middle sections were dedicated to bulk products like coffee beans , tea leaves , herbs and spices like cinnamon , cardamom , nutmeg , several kinds of peppers ( not black ) and ginger in their kernel or unground forms .
the most expensive item they needed to run the joint were probably the large stovetops used to hold the huge pots of water and spices used to boil crawfish in .
it was , simply , as soren wallengard put it , the finest damn christmas eve i have ever seen , and i ve seen a few , ha , ha , and with that he raised his glass of glogg , hot and reeking with spices , in a toast to christmas , and to the couple back from london for the holidays , and to the excellent news that barbro was expecting a baby .
: karen watched his strange eyes , black within almost - blue , and for an instant thought of dune , that book of blue within blue eyes she had read in collegethe spice did that to themthen slapped the image out of her mind and saw again these current eyes follow his sister as she retrieved and dusted off the keyboard , as she placed it on the floor , as she plugged the power cord into a socket .
binny stepped from the doorway carrying an enormous platter heaped with tandoori chicken and pakoras , surveying the crowd as the aroma of spices , chicken and deep - fried gram flour exhaled from the dome and met the prevailing weather front of barbeque and beer .
it begins with lamb seasoned with various spices , then cooked in a yogurt sauce .
a few minutes later , i added the meat , spices , a number ten can of diced tomatoes , and the onions that i had already chopped and i was good to go .
the thought of a strangers preparing food in her kitchentouching the tops of her spice bottles , plundering the contents of her fridge , placing sweaty foreign hands on her dishesfelt to grace like a greater invasion of privacy than did the act of cleaning .
* * * let me smell the spices .
bob could nt mimic what she did with her actual recipesthe vegetables and spices were so differentbut he was curious about it .
she remembers helping her mother mix cinnamon and sugar and then sprinkling the sweet spice on sugar cookies they were baking .
i walked past the fruit carts , weaving through the maze of the bazaar , waving , smelling the greens and the spices in their flour sacks , dazzled by the colorful fabrics and jewelry , the kettles , the aroma of hookah in every variety , the fruits and baking bread , the fish , ah yes , the coiled pastries , the dishware , and all the people breathing in the tunes of conversation .
the food was rich with spice and piled high onto their plates .
they all looked happy and serene and i could smell a sweet scent coming from the workout room , like vanilla and spice .
after looking over the meager contents of the cabinettonight would be either macaroni with margarine and whatever spices i could find , or red beans and ricei shuffled back to the front room where i sunk into the couch , took the first sip from the bottle that went down far too easily , and turned the mystery of wheatyard over and over in my head .
ingredients : pickles , salt , water , spices .
still wearing the black , denim jumper i d put on for dinner at the casino , i hand her spices and cheeses as she asks for them .
the inside of isabellas apartment smelled like spice and cinnamon .
i saw your spice packets in the chick peas , and i was curious as to who made the packets for you .
john , that s the price i need , and i like you and i like maryland spice , but if you go higher ill have to look around .
i know you have a lot of good spice clients and i m sure you want to be loyal to maryland , but if you have any that you ca nt get for price or for other reasons i could be of help .
i m a salesman for a spice company .
judging from his bryl - creamed hair and the unmistakable smell of old spice , he had finished getting ready for the pyjama ball .
` ` this mixture of apples , nuts , wine and spices , '' she pointed to a small bowl , ` ` is called charoset .
she measured out an eighth of a teaspoon , spreading the aromatic spice around the perimeter of the pan .
he d played well of course and guessed his anger had given his performance necessary spice .
hardy said the place smelled of monkey shit and spices .
addressed in her flawless handwriting , then double wrapped with tape by my father , they were filled with small toys and gifts for roland , as well as tea , spices , preserved brinjal and other condiments for me , an edible reminder that i was still remembered and loved , if not approved of .
seems he was keeping himself pure for his lady friend , who was a daughter of some big time spice dealer .
the appetising smell of spices and sweets enticed her to try her luck today .
i mean , your moms cooking is to die for , but she ca nt get some of the spices and herbs you can only get here .
the breakfast they ate was an unusual mix of fish , slightly hot spices , and an odd and plentiful assortment of vegetables and fruits , a dish captain lampson called neptonian sea bassor the closest thing we can get to it here .
her hair smelled like apple spice cake , very earthy and domestic .
she then opened them with an electric can - opener and with a deft combination of cooking rings and micro - wave cooker she managed to prepare quite a reasonable mushy meal in which all pretence of subtlety was totally engulfed by spices , curry and rich sauces .
when they got to the food court , a medley of exotic spices tickled channies nose .
diplomatic , i refrained from pointing out the contradiction in her strategy : smart guys are nt interested in the spice girls love lives .
roasted meat seasoned with spice , potatoes , cheeses , fresh vegetables .
the smells of so many products known to me from childhood , but indecipherably mixed , came flooding onto me : the smell of nutmeg or mixed spices , herbs , soaps , sweets , the exotic taste of liquorice , loaves of bread .
the shelves are stocked with canned vegetables , coffee , tea , spices and anything else you can think of .
she put some spices on the meat and plopped them into the pan .
check out his website that includes the blog at : http : //sites.google.com / site / tomraimbaultwritings/ sugar and spice and not so nice janet mcnulty copyright 2012 janet mcnulty smashwords edition other books by janet mcnulty : fiction : legends lost amborese ( written under the pen name nova rose . )
this one served a buffet for lunch so the smells of the different spices filled the air , and the spices and scents were not the ones one normally encountered wafting from alabama steam tables .
this one served a buffet for lunch so the smells of the different spices filled the air , and the spices and scents were not the ones one normally encountered wafting from alabama steam tables .
the smell of crispy chicken and herbs and spices filled the kitchen air .
the aroma of foodstuffs , herbs , spices , vegetables and even the sacking that contained them surrounded him .
i did nt feel jubilant enough for spice , or my favorite juicy fish tacos .
diced onion , green peppers , sliced mushrooms and assorted spices were swimming in a skillet of steaming bacon grease .
somehow i do nt think an old man in the chiefs position would like spice .
it was unusual , full of spices , and tasty .
in the back of his mind he was looking for the eleven herbs and spices that made up colonel sanderss secret chicken recipe .
while his pen hovered for poullain to speak again , he took a quick scan of the kitchen : dried flowers , ornaments , flour and spice jars , a plate wall clock with portofino in scrawly black loops below a background harbour scene , no photos .
and did nt the spice girls sing about that very thing ?
tabouli is a mixture of parsley , bulgur , mint , tomato , scallions with olive oil , herbs , spices and a little lemon juice .
organic chocolate truffles with edible gold leaf and spices that were guaranteed to delight the senses .
the end sugar and spice and everything nice cookies by linda p. kozar 1 - cup white sugar 1 - cup softened butter ( use real butter for best results ) 1 3 - ounce package cream cheese ( i use the low fat version ) tsp salt tsp vanilla extract ( always use pure , not imitation ) 1 egg 2 - 1/4 cups all - purpose flour in large mixing bowl , combine sugar , butter , cream cheese , salt , vanilla extract and egg .
` ` she was all sugar and spice until you called her on lying to you .
there were three types of olives , stuffed grape leaves , and fragrant chicken redolent with aromatic spices .
there were vendors of baked goods like spice cakes , muffins and crumpets , chelsea buns , sweetmeats , brandy balls .
bev fell in love with vietnamese food when the delicate spices started dancing in her mouth .
add oats , apples , spices , and salt .
katy added some spices and cold , boiled shrimp , and it looked more appetizing .
the bowl of vegetable soup sent the pungent scent of herbs and spices wafting towards his nostrils .
cool air and the smell of spices mixed with marzipan and icing sugar .
puppy dog tails are what little boys are made of , and little girls are made of sugar and spice but mr . fillmores daughter is long dead !
mrs . ling had recovered from the bird hitting the window and the mad dash down the steps , but she was now showing an uncharacteristic shyness , afraid that charlie might notice the damp spot in the pocket of her frock where the recently deceased barnaby jones lay orangely awaiting introduction to some wonton , green onions , a pinch of five spices , and her soup pot .
he smelled of aftershave and old spice deodorant .
` ` also , i left a pumpkin spice latte outside of your door . ''
they were missing a few of the spices , but she figured that she 'd just add some extra salt and pepper .
i like it though ... he 's definitely the spice in my life . ''
i breathed in the scent of italian spices , and my mouth started to water .
` ` do n't mess with my spice rack .
the table was set with the maple leaf placemats and a yankee candle store 's worth of spice - scented candles were burning .
i 'll have a vanilla spice latte . ''
citrus and spice .
it smells like citrus and spice and man all mixed together .
i inhale citrus and spice , swirling my senses and igniting a fire in my belly .
now that i ' m not on a frantic search , i notice the smell of sweat and spice .
the smell of spice and dirty socks mixes to numb my good sense .
it was bitter tasting , but there were spices mixed in , and it was n't so terrible as long as i did n't think about what i was eating .
i set the plate down and licked the tip of my finger , then stuck it into a plate of what looked like spices .
i pulled my bowl of ' fresh ' ants closer and set the lemongrass next to it , contemplating my next spice .
she shook her head and shuffled a few of her spice dishes , contemplating the mess of cooking on her table .
when i thought i had the right spices , i handed my bowl to the waiting chef , who cooked everything up and then handed it back to me .
i watched as she poured oil into the pan and then , in an interesting interpretation of an omelet , she just cracked the eggs , threw in cheese and something i could n't name , and then sprinkled a bunch of spices on top .
his scent was a delicious mixture of ginger and spice that made her want to howl like a bitch in heat .
like a mixture of spice and mint .
a mixture of lemon , butter , and spices .
it 's hot , but the mixture of spices , cheese , and meat is simply divine .
it 's fancy gourmet food , bursting with spices and ingredients i ca n't identify , but i know i ' ve never had them in french toast before .
sweet and fruity yet floral and with this hint of spice that i ca n't quite put my finger on .
` ` it 's a wrap of potatoes and spices . ''
considering her stomach was already churning from the mixture of spices and dishes , she knew she could n't eat another bite .
` ` i do n't think the food agreed with me - too many different spices and sauces , '' she replied , wiping her nose with the back of her sleeve .
i should have realized mixing all those spices would n't be good for you - especially if you had such a sensitive palate . ''
the skin was crunchy and somehow flavored in spices , garlic , italian herbs , and the inside was fluffy with just the right amount of seasoning , butter and sour cream .
and last , there was krystal briggs , a woman with a very large chest and very attractive hair i 'd never guess would be attractive seeing as it was a mixture of flaming red with blond streaks a la ginger spice in the heyday of the spice girls .
and last , there was krystal briggs , a woman with a very large chest and very attractive hair i 'd never guess would be attractive seeing as it was a mixture of flaming red with blond streaks a la ginger spice in the heyday of the spice girls .
the chicken was marinating in the fridge in plenty of spices .
dawn grabbed the strips of chicken and added them to a bowl while he started to add the spices to the mix .
he smelt oranges and spices .
it only added a spice to their flirtation .
her sugar and spice quota was full for the day , thanks .
the savory aroma of meat and spices did n't dull my hunger .
legs of lamb turn upon racks , sizzling with spices .
` ` then why are you dressed like sporty spice ? ''
we need some spice up in here , she tells me .
nick added some spices and stirred some things , then got out two plates , silverware , and glasses .
ok . barbara unscrewed the top of the pressure cooker and ladled the contents into a large bowl , mixed in the spices and some vinegar then returned the mixture to the pressure cooker and switched it on again .
the mingling smells of fresh baked bread and spices were tantalizing .
erik gave paige a wide berth and slammed the tray full of crackers and spices onto the table , causing a few stray wafers to flip off out of the stainless bowl and skitter across the high polished table .
his scent was a mix of old spice deodorant and some sort of sweet aftershave .
he could advertise old spice commercials with that voice if he wanted to .
to top it off , not only was he drop dead gorgeous , but he currently smelled like the most delicious mixture of sweet smoke and spices .
try another book by k. larsen 30 days committed saving caroline dating delaney tug of war if you appreciate your romance with snark and spice , perhaps try : strictly business by aubrianna hunter she is an architect ; successful , professional .
shed have been far happier if they had pictures of the spice girls .
cinnamon and an unidentifiable spice tantalized .
the whole place smelled like onion and garlic and spice , and she was taking cornbread out of the oven .
slipping his tongue past her lips , sugar and spice combined to produce a sweet heat , and it exploded across his taste buds .
the sweet smell of sugar with a touch of spice calmed his beast , and he tightened its tethers , wrenching the animal back into the recess of his soul .
she was sugar and spice mixed with a roofie .
he smells like leather and spice , and right now the only dancing i want to do with andrs is between the sheets .
i lit a pink candle made of beeswax , then set about mixing sultry herbs and spices .
she ignored him , rubbing salt and spices into the meat before adding it to the roasting pan along with a half bottle of red wine .
it was afternoon and she was standing in front of michaels front door with a covered tray in her hands , aromas of nuts , fruits , spices and sweet cream wafting up from time to time .
i m done for now chapter twenty - one dale finally got that bison chili made for dinner and it was good exceptionally good he cooked it in two large dutch ovens with peppers , black beans , tomatoes and lots of spices .
like pine and spice and something mysterious i ca nt define .
when her chocolate arrived on friday , she 'd use the magic spice in that batch .
inside the sleek concrete floored caf , the aroma of perking coffee awakened her nose along with the happy accompanying scents of cinnamon , chocolate , sweet sugar and earthy spices .
after a delightful dinner full of shrimp and spices , we stood , and i assisted lily in straightening her chair .
her scent was musk and spice and shit , i could nt think straight .
her tastebuds rejoiced as the cajun spices danced on her tongue .
joan thought dante tasted like whiskey and spices , and his kiss continued to tingle and burn pleasantly .
there was also hot butter rum and mulled wine , which was red wine with sugar and lots of spices .
he tasted like whiskey and spices .
http : //www.mimiriser.com also by mimi riser : novels eyes of the cat part 2 eyes of the cat part 3 eyes of the cat part 4 eyes of the cat complete novel sherwood charade kiss my blarney stone space rats and rebels lifestyles of the witch & famous hevens gaite the stardust series : every jack needs his jil all fired up ( novella ) short stories the great race if wishes were kisses joy to the worlds the robin flies again star cookies & comfort white wolf christmas the lovestruck series : marrying mona seducing sophia nonfiction texas treats cooking up christmas homemade halloween treats the kitchen witch everyday magic book the kitchen witch glossary of cooking herbs & spices the kitchen witch guide to the timeless art of herbal tea spice up your love life !
mrs . loya had made her spicy signature mexican meatloaf with different kinds of hot spices that rattled the tongue but made it clamor for more .
i got a little saucepan out and put some ketchup , spicy mustard , brown sugar and a few choice spices in it , and stirred the concoction together while i turned the stove on to medium heat .
maya forced her eyes open and saw that her mothers other hand held a glass of what looked like tomato juice and smelled like the spice aisle at gayles grocery .
he smelled like a spice rack .
and just a little whiff of spice , from somebody whose diet did n't always match up with his buddies ' .
` ` a bit of juicy back history will add some spice to the story . ''
the coating on it was nicely crisp with a subtle hint of some spices .
my first thought was to ask if she was high , but i refrained from saying it and instead said , sorry , but i really wanted to wear my new spice girls t - shirt .
sorry mom , but if you would ve asked me , plaid ranked way higher on the list than the spice girls .
it was warm and welcoming and it smelled like cinnamon and spice .
she was already so close , her thigh pressed against mine in the tiny booth , her strawberry - and - spice scent tickling my nose with each breath .
some spice to the relationship as it were .
coconut , spice , and all boy .
the familiar scent of lemon and spice swarmed around her , and though her mind screamed she hated him , her body remembered him as a lover .
the delicious scents of lemon and spice swarmed her .
` ` since the cook refused to name those eleven herbs and spices , i had no choice but to buy us a big bucket of the original recipe .
at home , the scent of evergreen mingled with ginger and spice , and multicolored lights glittered throughout the house .
the rich aroma of meat mingling with spices drifted toward her , teasing her senses .
the woman must have added some special spices because it was n't ordinary potatoes and eggs .
her scent , that warm combination of vanilla and exotic spice , intoxicated him .
olivia enjoyed a bit of spice now and then , but she was n't interested in experiencing pain as part of her meal .
the moment they walked in the door , gloria was assaulted by the aroma of spices and frying meat , and her stomach instantly revolted .
it was sophie who took tessa to her room , and sophie who put her in her nightgown and then in bed , and sophie who washed her burned hand with a cool flannel and bound it up with a salve that smelled like herbs and spices , the same salve , she told tessa , that charlotte had used on sophie 's cheek when she had first come to the institute .
after smiling and offering her good morning to clark and evie , she headed out front to make sure the tables were in order and that the sugar and spice containers were filled .
i caught the scent of herbs , spice , heard the trickle of water somewhere in the distance , and music .
something savory was cooking on the potbellied stove , and the aroma of onions and spices filled the tiny cabin , making her mouth water .
the tantalizing aroma of chicken and wine and spices filled the house .
` ` what are you going to do tonight , alphabetize your spice drawer ?
they barbecued oysters on the grill and cooked clams in a coffee can filled with butter , wine , and spices .
where do you keep your cocoa and spices ? ''
nat speaks first , ` ` oh , hell no , hoochy spice .
it smelled like apples and spice in the hallway ; the complete opposite of the mystery smell that clung to the cement floors and walls of what bridget used to think was a decent apartment building she lived in .
amid the flagrantly sensual theme of the intimate gathering - candles scented of exotic spices , chaises cleverly hidden by a faux forest , and servants dressed in revealing costume - he was austerely attractive .
mix flour , salt , spices , soda and baking powder , then gradually add to other ingredients .
the house was filled with golden light and the scent of lamb stewing in tomato and spices .
` ` it 's like spice for the sauce .
the warm , sweet infusion of spices and cream slid down her throat .
adding spices and onions , she smashed the mixture into a hash .
i fold into them and he smells just the same , like old spice and mints .
she used to make us all sit down and watch her spice girls performances .
until her sweet taste swamped his senses , and the maddening scents of vanilla and spice made him want to howl at the moon .
confused , julietta could only respond to a variety of demands , as her n**ples begged for the lash of his tongue , and his delicious taste of coffee , spice , and male hunger urged her mouth to open wider for more .
she caught his scent of musk and spice and lemon on the wind .
the herbs and spices used to flavor the meal were richer and far more exotic than she was used to .
old spice , if her nostrils were n't mistaken .
she 'd always liked old spice .
in the process she got another whiff of old spice .
adrienne added assorted spices to the chicken .
and i ' m one of the spice girls . ''
the scent of yeast and spice filled the kitchen , and it was like stepping back in time .
hungry as she was , she would have enjoyed almost anything , but the tart , crisp sauerkraut and the sausages , bursting with juice and spices , were a rare treat .
would i wake again to the thick warm smell of central heating and frank 's old spice ?
` ` jem and i are persona non grata after what happened to her spice cake last week , but himself can do no wrong , as far as grannie bug is concerned .
taking a deep breath , caterina inhaled the scent of spices that filled the kitchen with a mouth - watering aroma .
as time passed and they continued their exertions , his scent of spice and bergamot filled the air between them .
the smell of fish and spice mingled with rope and tar and seaweed , and the sunlit air resounded with male voices speaking in spanish , portuguese , italian , french and arabic .
five years and she still tasted like all his favorite things ... like ginger spice and f**king chocolate coated caramel .
his mouth watered just thinking about what she could do with a fresh fish , a couple of tomatoes , peppers and a few spices .
he closed his eyes and concentrated on the tantalizing scent of meat and spices simmering on the stove .
they were at pagini 's , a cozy restaurant in morehead city that smelled of fresh spice and drawn butter , the kind of place where the servers wore black and white and dinner was often cooked tableside .
from the spice cabinet , she chose sugar , flour , and vanilla extract .
among other things , on the buffet they had both kangaroo and crocodile meat , simmered in spices and cooked to perfection .
his body heat and the delicious scent of lemon and spice rose to her nostrils .
perhaps he will be kind enough to cook it and to add in some spices and herbs to make it more palatable . ''
every day after school cassie found her grandmother in the kitchen , cooking oceans of applesauce to jar , until the whole house smelled of hot apple pulp and cinnamon and spices .
the delicious scents of vanilla and spice drifted to his nostrils .
they said they planned to bring a little southern spice into lobster .
he was n't hungry much anymore , and the meals were bland because spices of any kind irritated his stomach .
the smell of spice filled the air , reminding piper that she 'd skipped lunch .
last night as darkness fell , his c*ck rose and the raspberry - spice scent of morgan flooded his senses - and strangled his restraint .
hammer 's favorite , apple spice muffins , sat on the table behind her .
` ` you do n't have to worry about me , you know , '' i insist , but as he pulls the top of the first tray up the scent of steak and spices makes my stomach scream the opposite of my words .
but declan reaches across me , smelling like sex and spice and mmmmm , and hands me my phone .
she had mahi - mahi encrusted with herbs and spices and also sampled some of noah 's beef tenderloin stuffed with lobster .
incense with delicate spice .
it had spice girls patches sewn onto it for crying out loud !
there was nothing between her skin and the open road except the spice girls .