the market might not have some of the spices though .
the whole place smelled of foreign , exotic spices that made jake 's mouth water .
she grabbed matches , the cast iron skillet , and a few spices from the house .
she grew her own herb garden and put fresh spices in when possible . ''
he placed the chicken breasts on the pan of hot oil , added crushed garlic and several other spices she did n't recognize .
she could hit the marketplace and ask for advice on the spices they sold .
the man did n't know how to use spices for the meals .
` ` would you mind telling his highness that i ' m heading over to the marketplace to get spices and i 'll be back quickly ? ''
` ` we 're off to the spice vendors , '' she explained before the door closed on her .
the marketplace was very near to the palace and she wandered around to the various vendors , smelling the different spices and asking all sorts of questions .
her absolute favorite was tucked away in an old spice chest , one that the first poppy holland had brought with her to the new world .
she buried her face against his neck and his aftershave drifted to her , smelling of woods and spices .
she recognized his scent of ginger - spice and pine permeating the air .
the lamb fell apart in my mouth , the rich spices making my tongue dance .
not only had there been criminal trespassing in the walled grounds of this family property - his mother 's pleasure palace on the legendary spice island of zanzibar - but also criminal use of the private harbour by a drug - running french yachtsman who was actually offering him a woman to warm his bed in exchange for letting him go .
is n't this island famous for its spice trade ? '
he smiled , his eyes wickedly teasing as he added , ' sultans and slaves and spice ... it 's a potent combination . '
although she did n't think he would pursue the paternity issue , and a second accidental encounter with him was unlikely , she only felt safe on the red tour bus in between its stops at the various points of interest ; the gold souks , the spice markets , the shopping centres .
it was a blend of flowers and spice that somehow reminded him of summer nights .
to get his mind off what his body was clamoring for , he scanned the shelves of spices and was instantly irritated .
` ` it 's all there on the list , '' she urged and stood by , deliberately letting him find his way through the spice racks .
he squinted at labels and hissed at the elevated prices of some of the more esoteric spices .
if they could set up suppliers , they could move into the spice industry and really take it over .
until then , he 'd just focus on the task at hand , he told himself , as he shifted his gaze back to the damned racks of spices .
he tore his gaze away from the spice shelf and shot a quick look at her .
` ` i ' ve got all the spices .
with the right spices , you can make any meal a banquet ... '' ` ` so i ' m learning . ''
` ` we shall have a lovely time , dear boy , '' she said enthusiastically , ` ` although this project will take several days , not merely one , for we 're sorely in need of ingredients for my medicinals and ointments , as well as spices for food .
the fact that sherry was a woman , not a rare artifact or a warehouse full of precious spices , had no bearing on his thinking or his strategy , except that he intended to ensure that her purchaser was worthy and responsible .
it 's orange spice . ''
that very distinctive spice turned out to be something she 'd never heard about before , semmaq , a spice unique to his region .
that very distinctive spice turned out to be something she 'd never heard about before , semmaq , a spice unique to his region .
he let that marinate in her mind with a hundred mental spices as he walked her down through the jet to the air - stairs .
marty blindly reached in front of him , knocking over a jar of sugar and a spice rack on the kitchen counter .
caught between being the person who 'd banged a stranger in the kitchen and the person who alphabetized her spice cabinet .
i ' m asking about the spices that give it that heavenly aroma . ''
she went all out with the spices and by the time the food was ready , the aromas had turned his hunger to voracity .
vincenzo clasped her to his side as he leaned down , plastering his cheek against hers as leandro held the goblet to their lips for them to simultaneously sip the bloodred liquid that tasted and smelled of an elusive amalgam of spices , fruits and flowers .
she inhaled deeply , taking in the musky scent of their lovemaking , the hint of cedar and spice that would always make her think of him .
unlike rafe , who 'd gotten out of town and broadened his horizons as well as his beliefs , nick was still a traditional man who 'd expected his wife to stay at home or work in the family spice business only until she had children .
he 'd just spend the day at the family spice booth , hanging out with his relatives and keeping an eye on her from a close distance .
to outsiders , he manned the family spice booth along with his brother , speaking to people who came to taste their famous italian spices on dishes mariana had made .
he tipped his head toward the far end of the booth , where vivian and rafe 's mother were selling their italian dishes along with individual jars of spices .
pirro paid , pocketed his change and turned to head back to the spice booth , but he was stopped by two young men he 'd seen around town earlier .
i ' m sure you 'll find our spices are better than any on the market today . ''
our spices are homegrown , '' he said proudly .
with rafe by her side , sara spent the afternoon helping his family run the spice booth .
he headed to the office , which was built on the same land where the spices grew in green houses that regulated the temperatures to ensure healthy plant growth all year round .
like fresh air , and forest spice , and pure water all combined into the perfect blend of male fragrance .
i had n't had a smoke since switzerland , and no longer craved the scent of the spice .
immediately , i can smell the spices .
she picks out an oil with just a hint of spice and i nod agreement .
i took a drink , sniffing past the bite of the spice .
she 'd always been the effervescence to a social gathering , the spice .
rifling through shelves full of boxes of expired crackers and cereal , i saw a few bottles of what looked like spices all the way in the back of the cabinet .
the silverware in the drawer by the dishwasher , the spices in the nook in the corner .
he smelled like the earth and wind and spice .
he tasted faintly of root beer and toothpaste ; with an underlying hint of spice she 'd associated as uniquely his .
maybe she should ' ve stayed home and organized her spice cupboard .
she alphabetized her spices and breathed through the contractions that were coming closer together .
after her first day in the cooking area , directing the servants to where the herbs and spices she could distinguish by smell might go , and speaking as best she could what should go in the cooking pot , the servants set forth a stew so pleasurable to their mouths , his family gave his mate great cheer .
for example , cooking with spices was easy enough , but had n't been able to incorporate many herbs because she did n't know the names for the ones not made obvious by the way they smelled .
and was it possible to put in a request for spices they did n't have on hand the next time his traders left for market ?
the spices filled her mouth at the same moment it dawned on her just how intimate a moment they were sharing .
picking it up , she felt a small bottle of spice that reminded her of the serums m'adoc had given her .
yes , it was true , the swipe of maia 's runny nose had been the perfect spice necessary to all good bread .
he smelled of leather and sharp spices , of all man .
` ` freshly squeezed , it 's my own juice and spice blend that 's guaranteed to wake up even the most diehard night owl . ''
we just added spices until it did n't suck anymore . ''
` ` there 's a spice shipment that needs to be delivered to derridia tonight . ''
now that he was this close , she could smell the leather and his old spice aftershave .
the scent of leather and old spice tormented her unmercifully .
a wicker basket filled with dried flowers and spices appeared on the smooth wooden table her father had crafted with his own hands , right down to the inlaid belador triquetra emblem .
he smells like him , like grass , like salt and spice .
curling into sheets that smell like bleach and cigarette smoke instead of summer grass and spice , i struggle to breathe and not completely lose my shit at eight at night in a dark motel room .
simon turned away first , reaching for the phone that hung on the wall beside the spice rack .
luke 's kitchen was small and a little dingy at the best of times - he was n't much of a cook , as evidenced by the fact that the spice rack that hung over the old - fashioned gas stove was empty of spices .
luke 's kitchen was small and a little dingy at the best of times - he was n't much of a cook , as evidenced by the fact that the spice rack that hung over the old - fashioned gas stove was empty of spices .
a mixture of spice and soap that went straight to my before - mentioned lady parts .
i headed to one of savor 's conference rooms for privacy , passing laconnie , who was arranging a new display of branded spices and seasonings on the shelf behind her reception desk .
then the other spices might be mine -- punishing his bu**ocks .
he was the only ( and likely , though the notes did not specify , illegitimate ) son of dr . hollingworth mortmain , who in a matter of years had risen from the humble position of ship 's surgeon on a trading vessel bound for china to wealthy private trader , buying and selling spices and sugar , silk and tea , and - it was n't stated , but charlotte was in agreement with jem on the matter - probably opium .
mr . bromios 's inn , the seventh magpie , normally a warren of empty rooms , had filled a week earlier , and now the strangers had begun to take rooms in the farms and private houses , paying for their lodgings with strange coins , with herbs and spices , and even with gemstones .
but he could smell unfamilar spices on the air , and hear men and women speaking to each other in a hundred tongues , and he gawked and gazed unashamedly .
he was close enough for the scent of warm spice rising up between us to remind me of trent .
we had to go - but i nearly lost it when trent pulled me close , smelling of green things and spice , his touch real and loving , reminding me of everything i wanted but was afraid to call my own .
the scent of exotic spices followed him and lingered in the air .
no spices .
still she smelled the spice , but it no longer mattered in any way .
pine , water , blood , with no taint of spices or food .
she inhaled deeply , suddenly drowning in the scent of man and spice and inexplicably happy for it .
grinning , she drew in a deep breath that brought with it the scent of exotic spice and forbidden fantasies .
twenty - four hurry , my beloved , and be like a gazelle or a young stag on the mountains of spices .
there were so many spices to pick from , she was a little overwhelmed .
` ` would you like to try our pumpkin spice mocha ? ''
she makes the exact same face she made when the barista offered her a pumpkin spice mocha this morning - complete and total horror - and that drink she ordered .
he smelled musky and male , only a hint of spice left from his morning shower now , and she dragged in a deep breath of his scent .
in fact , the air was fragrant with spices and the delicious scent of king 's cologne .
the whole room had that ' grandmother 's kitchen ' kind of feel , with a collection of herbs and spices grown fresh in the garden then hung inside over the windows or the stove , and a pot rack suspended from thick black chains over an island counter .
his jacket was still draped around her shoulders , smelling faintly of smoke and spices and him .
` ` must be the old spice , '' he joked weakly .
distilled on the isle of skye eighteen years ago , with additional spices introduced to produce a distinctive flavor that was often described as fiery , the liquor had a dark color and singular nose , not to be mistaken for any other whiskey .
a soft whiff of old spice confirmed it .
especially smell : the heady cachets of forbidden beer , forsaken cigarettes , and old spice , natural earthy musk layered just underneath that , they all combined with the scent of sweat on tys skin , and every time zane caught a whiff , it went right to his gut .
` ` must be the old spice . ''
the smell of old spice permeated zane 's senses for the first time in a month .
chapter eighteen give thanks the house is alive with the thick scent of turkey , intermingled with nutmeg and other spices that remain foreign to us the rest of the year .
i get the apples peeled and sliced and into a pot with all the spices to boil .
smaller wire shelving under the wall cabinets that gave easy access to herbs and spices .
stewing in the crockpot all day meant the meat would be tender and shredded and after cooking in its spices for the last hour , full of flavor .
there were jars of spices which i made stabs at guessing what they were with sniff tests ( oregano , basil , bay leaves , thyme , parsley , cayenne , cinnamon and nutmeg ) .
i tried to protest but they refused to accept as they bathed me and washed my hair in a bath that smelled vaguely of spice , vaguely of musk and not - so - vaguely of orange blossoms .
or huge barrels of amazing - smelling spices .
she then reached into the spice drawer , pulled out cinnamon and sprinkled it on the top .
so it kinda smelled like him , like leather and tobacco and spice .
he smelled of warm cinnamon spice and soap .
if she closed her eyes she could still feel the warmth of his skin , and smell the spices on his jacket as he carried her through the thick night air .
i had no choice but to lean against him - he always smelled the same , like clean minty spice .
the taste of spices coated my tongue , and my nostrils filled with the scent of wet earth .
the smell of old spice fills the space around us .
she breathed in deeply , taking pleasure in that warm scent of male skin and the faint hint of spice .
the warm scent of male skin and a faint hint of spice threatened to cloud her mind .
simone shifted upon the leather seat , suddenly aware of the scent of warm spices that clung to his warm body .
she breathed deeply of the faint scent of spice that clung to his skin .
the satin blackness of his hair brushed her chin , the scent of spices filling her senses .
she breathed in the scent of potent male , soothed by the dark spice even as it stirred her arousal .
corrine began to busy herself in one area of the room , which based on the bottles and spices and little what - nots located there , seemed to be where she created her potions , or whatever it was that she did with her time .
asking an attendant where the spices are kept , i make quick work of picking up what i need and dawdle towards the milk section .
` ` how hot do you like your spices ? ''
he took her mouth a moment later , devouring the hints of sugar and spice that remained on her already sweet lips .
here they were folk - art galleries , organic spice sellers , hemp clothiers , that kind of thing .
in the tense quiet that followed , nigel noticed that that dark hair was wet from a recent washing and that colin smelled of sandalwood and spices .
but do not expect me to believe that you 're spending your off time crocheting doilies and alphabetizing a spice rack with that female . ''
iam cracked open another spice bottle , and seemed to know the exact amount to put in without benefit of a measuring spoon .
no fresh rushes and flowers , or hanging bundles of spices , or sweet - smelling females .
at that , the scenting upon the air changed , a dark spice flaring up and overtaking the stench that had made her ill .
the scent of spices , hesperian wooden crates , and engine oil wove through the space like strands of silk .
i close my eyes and i can practically smell the spices she used .
you like spices .
he pulls me closer , so that i feel the heat rising off his body , warm and smelling faintly of some spice .
shoulders down , the fish slunk away , but it had become clear to tam that he had to find those spices before somebody died over them .
tam gave the spices back to cook , then he turned to lecass .
finding the spices in lecass 's pack was enough to convict him , and the other inmates did n't like him well enough to allow mercy .
` ` the spices were among your things .
clean soap , rain , and a hint of some spice .
his natural scent swarmed over her and wrapped her in spice , soap , and lemon .
i like spices . ''
he licked into her mouth , finding a bite of spice .
her scent filled him , her honey - spice that was even stronger after last night 's intimacy .
being in the kitchen , in the middle of bustle , standing over the fire , smelling spices , tasting food , and catching up on the mire gossip usually comforted her .
his kiss opened her mouth , the taste of him like sharp spice .
mahindar turned back to his pots of spices , reflecting mournfully that his supplies were too low .
he 'd become acquainted in london with another punjabi who knew where to find the best indian spices in the city .
he went back to his spices , smiling to himself , feeling a little better .
elliot watched her face change as the spices filled her mouth .
raphael 's copper - bottomed pots hung from it , and in the corner , his wine cabinet sat next to my spice shelves .
vlad 's smoke - and - spice scent had never been more intoxicating .
a richer , warmer scent filled the room , reminding me of simmering spices and wood smoke .
it had been so long since i 'd hugged my dad , breathed in that blend of old spice and aftershave , yet somehow , the years of estrangement seemed to melt into mere months .
i inhaled one long , heavenly noseful of chinese spice before i said , ` ` not mine . ''
he moved into the spice aisle and thought about that beautiful , laughing look she had .
every herb and spice had been picked at the peak of freshness and properly dried ; each ingredient , both liquid and dry , had been painstakingly measured to make sure they were exact .
she turned her attention to the other sketches in the book - a child playing with a puppy , an old woman selling spices , the el - azhar mosque in cairo , an old man nodding in the shade of a tree , the statue outside the temple of karnak in luxor .
once all the organs were removed , the body was washed with wine and rubbed with spices and then it was left to dry for forty days .
` ` is it common for landens to name their children after foods and spices ? ''
` ` and since she doubted i had more than salt and pepper on hand for spices , you 'd want to make a list before you went shopping . ''
before collapsing on top of me , i had mentally rearranged all my spices and was starting on the cleaning supplies under the sink .
it was n't a big store , and it was divided neatly into areas by tall white bookshelves loaded with books , spices , and candles .
sort of woodsy , deep with a hint of spice .
it was light and clean with just a hint of spice .
having lived for over three millennia , i no longer think that variety is the spice of life .
i ca n't smell the shampoo anymore , just all this sage you keep shedding like a spice factory . ''
the truth was , the whole time he 'd been sitting up in bed , he 'd shed his sage like a spice grinder ; leaving his room had been a supreme act of will .
perhaps he used the spice a lot when he cooked .
` ` i ' m smelling moroccan spices , '' she said aloud .
once more his heavy spice , rich cardamom , flowed around her .
she explored the affected area and suddenly she could smell an intriguing spice , a very familiar spice ... like cardamom .
gardenia , spice , blood flowed into his throat and ran in a river down , down , down .
that mom would need another spice rack put up in the kitchen or a bookshelf in dad 's office .
the scents of their date swirled in her mind so tangibly she could swear she still smelled the incense , the spices , and the light glistening of perspiration .
she 'd seen that this was a working farm - jocelyn stepping outside to give fertilizing instructions to a worker on a tractor , staking the trunk of a fledgling tamarind tree in a pot off the back step , tending a spice garden on the kitchen sill .
` ` well , let 's just say i ' m not sure there 's enough room in my truck for all the utensils and spices i would have to haul over to your place . ''
her gaze skipped around the room full of spice plants .
just as he 'd done then , he gathered her close and held on a little too hard as she inhaled the familiar scent of starch and old spice .
her scent , an intoxicating oriental blend of spices , heated the rest of his senses .
she could n't breathe without inhaling the scent of spice and man , an erotic combination that stole her breath and threatened to take her sanity next .
the walls had been painted the color of cinnamon and the noble aubusson had been replaced by an exuberant oriental that mingled the fertile colors of a spice cabinet .
it was still furnished with her father 's queen anne bedroom furniture , but marnie had updated it a bit with a new terra - cotta matelasse spread and prints of flowering herbs and spices on the sage - colored walls .
it was a contradictory combination of flowers and spices that was somehow not contradictory at all .
the walls were lined with sheets of gold , the floor was a fabulous mosaic of different colored marbles , and around her , piled high , were the spoils of thieving : trunks overflowing with furs and silks , crates of tea and spices , and treasures from every corner of the globe , all of it stolen from the merchant ships that came into london 's docks .
bugger the silver plate , damn the jewels , the furs and silks , the china , the books , the spices and tea , and the furniture ! ''
exotic spices in oriental chests perfumed the air , and graceful marble statues stared dispassionately on the scene .
she could smell some kind of exotic spice on his skin - perhaps he 'd rubbed it on after shaving - and his mouth tasted of heady wine .
immediately her mouth watered with the addictive taste of spice and forest .
he had to smell the welcoming hot spice spilling between her legs .
the chef went through the motions of showing them the finer parts of roasting pumpkin seeds before taking the bits of carved pumpkin and placing them on another sheet and covering it with cinnamon , sugar , and spices walt would never be able to identify .
monica patted down the turkey and started rubbing spices over the outside .
monica stirred the chicken and added spices she found above the stove .
` ` spices are rare and expensive where i ' m from . ''
` ` so , it 's enough to buy the material i need to bring back with me and all the spices ? ''
the air was cool and dank , and smelled of peat and mold along with the spices from above .
the world was red and hot , and the scent of her floral spice filled dimitri 's consciousness .
the essence of a spice like cardamom or perhaps something even more exotic mingled with some sweet floral like lily of the valley , along with female musk and the crisp clean cotton of her frock , creating that potency he found impossible to dismiss .
how in the bloody hell could a woman smell like a damned spice cabinet and a garden and still be so enticing ?
the chamber was suffused with her scent , that of slumber and spice and fresh cotton and whatever she used to clean her hair .
at that moment , giordan decided that he might indeed continue discussing his next far eastern spice ship with cezar moldavi .
he suspected that his host might be annoyed , perhaps even furious , at his statement , but giordan was confident that the man wanted badly enough to buy into the spice ship he was sending to china , and that he would acquiesce gracefully .
they talked for some time about the spice ship , and all the while giordan kept his ears and nose attuned for the presence of narcise .
playing the game he and narcise had agreed upon , he waited for two days before contacting moldavi again , under the guise this time of formalizing the details of the spice ship .
chas heard something about spice ships just as something moved in the air behind him .
` ` well , assuming it 's furnished and has sheets and pillows and junk , we 'll need just food and drinks and stuff to prepare food with , like spices and oil .
one of our green elves was , and i think you will find they have a particularly supernatural skill when it comes to the manipulation of herbs and spices .
i went looking to see what spices he had while bits of beef cooked into a broth .
lendill smiled and pulled on his tomato spice drink .
i ' m about to shut the whole thing down when i see something meg sent to a the house smells of cooking , a weird , unpleasant odor of spices that do n't go together - curry , rosemary , too much garlic .
it smells like the spices got into a rumble and everyone lost , though that 's not the reason i decline .
he 'd already had a shower , and i imagined his old spice body wash - which was now my favorite smell - would probably hit my nose the second i climbed into my seat .
jim put the spices on the counter and walked over to me with his arms open .
the order 's headquarters was located on st . phillips above an order - owned gift shop called mama lousy that sold all kinds of cool iron stuff amidst an obscene amount of fake voodoo crap and authentic n'awlins spices and pralines .
the spice note was bright , and like a burst of heat it seared a path for something much more subtle and unexpected - the most secret of perfumes , natural , he had no doubt , and so faint his kirin nose could never have detected it , not even as close as this .
he realized , with a pang of deep sorrow , that though she was directly upwind of him , and the spice scent of her was as bright to his senses as a color , he could no longer detect the other - the secret perfume , so fragile , that hid within it .
tamouran silks and spices are in high demand this year- '' the man looked unimpressed .
blue and green glass bottles of spice , each tenderly jacketed in felt against injury , vibrated softly in their rack above the pots .
mr . murphy reached up to his spice rack , grasped a bottle without looking , and sprinkled a good quantity of the contents over the diced meat .
in fact , he seemed to consider the problem of keeping food in jamie 's stomach something of a professional challenge , and spent hours in mystic contemplation of his spice rack and pantries - all to no avail .
besides the beard that transformed his face , he smelled unfamiliar , his own sweat overlaid with rancid cooking oil , spilled beer , and the reek of harsh perfume and unfamiliar spices .
the warmth of the day had made his cologne blossom on his skin ; grey caught the hint of ambergris and carnation , spice and musk together .
at the far end of the spice aisle , i spot nicole 's mother with her smooth black hair tied back in a low bun .
i leaned my head back against the pillowed headrest and closed my eyes , drinking in the smell of old spice that wafted up from the beige material .
if only you were more like nash , i think as i watch cash add spices to beaten eggs as my father directs him .
even in his worry about hurting the crane , even in the sudden calamity of flapping wings and flying feathers and the stabbing of a beak that looked as if it might well be able to go straight through his chest and into his heart , he knew that his brain - likeable though it was - was incapable of conjuring a scent this crowded , this peopled by so many different spices .
guns , armoury , foodstuffs , silks , spices , troops , traders , holy texts and foul waste had all passed through , eliciting little comment .
this would have been unusual in itself ( the last few weeks he seemed to have retreated to the sofa in the daytime , supposedly to keep granddad company ) , but he was wearing an ironed shirt , had shaved , and the hallway was filled with the scent of old spice .
it smells like him , fresh and tangy sweet with that hint of spice .
he leaves a trail , a mixture of fresh linen with a hint of spice .
when she was able to sneak a few extra coins from father , she would buy spices from the trading boats .
the spices made everything taste better , even riverweed .
there would be no new spices for a while .
* i ordered a meal of nakadian sour spice rice and sun roasted chicken .
ruben placed his hand upon the edge and poked his nose through a slight opening in the door , to be met with the stomach - turning , intolerable tang of scented spices .
it was nt his parents fault , but that of the government distribution centers that carried only one spice : a dried , italian seasoning blend manufactured from mostly non - organic ingredients .
the shelves , which were supposed to hold cans of preserved fruits , tinned beans and tomatoes , boxes of pasta and rice , and bottles of olive oil and italian spices , were empty except for the occasional dusty item .
inside the hold , it was dark and musty , not the regular sweet odor of spoiled food shipments , to be sold in starving systems , nor was it the cleaner smell of spices , bound for the pleasure planets of urganius .
she started to laugh , remember the time i put too much ulon spice in the hagar soup , i thought you would never stop laughing .
they also made small loaves , mixed with large amounts of ulon spice , called stone bread .
after tasting the thick liquid , he shook his large head , it needs a bit more ulon spice .
he picked up a small bowl and dropped two pinches of red spice into the soup , he tasted it once more , yes that 's much better , care for some ?
he smiled , your cooking has improved i see , he took another spoonful , swallowed then looked at her , a bit too much ulon spice but very good .
i 'll tell osh to cut down on the spice .
not bad ; he thought ; a bit more ulon spice and it will be perfect .
then the next shelf went , sauces and oil ran down the shelves , spices burst into bright clouds .
between them appeared a small caddy with various bettuan spices .
she had felt it radiate from his presence , as real and palpable as a waft of old spice .
eiddyl lounged in a low , carved chair across from his brother , sipping spice tea .
a fire in a large , head - high opening in the wall emitted a wonderful aroma of an unfamiliar spice .
a wizened , old wyndgaart walked to the center of the stage , taking his place among the tropical flowers and smoldering spices placed around the exterior of the warriors circle .
sye nodded , the sand forests the flaarians tend are home to some very unique , very valuable kinds of spices .
` ` tarl meat cooked in oil and spices , '' answered the scholar .
the conversation ranged over where they all hoped to travel and where the scholar and his son had roamed , queeb especially interested in being told of the herbs , spices and medicinal remedies schol claimed he traded .
down near the bottom , clearly not used all that often by her father and brother , a small cloth satchel held a number of paper packets filled with spices .
her mother had been obsessed with collecting spices .
she tested a number of spices and herbs , sprinkling them over the stew in turn .
including stopping him from putting a whole host of new spices into the stew , namely dirt .
the brain drain , monopolies on information technology , multinational investment strategies in the third world , and the transformation of limited third world farmland into luxury crops like tea , rubber , coffee , cotton , sugar , tobacco , spices , and fast - growing timber forests all depleted the third world of badly needed labour , technology , and resources for their own development .
jorge glanced toward the kitchen pantry where he d leaned a loaded shotgun against the racks of wine , spices , and canned goods .
i saw spices , fine woods , carpets , clothing , i felt the same feeling i had when i would walk around the enormous warehouse stores of the future .
everything was for sale , i bought some spices and bolts of cloth that i knew i would never be able to find in the present .
or some other spice .
she was bathing in milk and , from the scent , eleven different herbs , spices and unguents that would not cause the milk to curdle .
callista sat alone that night in her bedroom as one by one the candles breathed out , the scented spices and wisps of grey smoke filling the air .
the entire leg was thickly flecked with pungent spices .
she uncorked a glass of dried flowers , sprinkling it into the water like a chef adding spices to a boiling pot .
the air was thick with warmth and rich with humidity , scented with spices that could almost be tasted on the tongue .
the air warmed as we descended into the lower skies , and i could smell spices on the wind again .
spices flavored the wind , carrying hints of curry and pepper .
as louis closed one eye , molly grabbed a few handfuls of spices and herbs ; she carefully began to throw them into the simmering water surrounding louis .
she tossed a few more handfuls of spices into the cooking pot full of louis stew , as she began to incite the final death spell .
` ` noctuid , noctuid she dances tonight all good children should run from sight spices , and herbs add to the delight we eat no rabbit stew tonight slowly poached boiled , or stewed little children are on the menu soon because this is a cauldron of witches brew one child poached and two more to stew noctuid , noctuid dance in delight thy belly will be full by the dawn 's new light cracking one sleepy , spellbound eye , louis caught sight of the adder stone as it now glowed blue in front of the cracked mirror leaning against the nearby wall .
i guess those added spices helped . ''
hobthrust simply wondered what most excellent spices to apply , to bring the best taste out of the boney louis stew that would surely be served for tonight 's dinner .
` ` just summon the queen you hairy little boy , and you can keep the spices in the spice rack tonight .
` ` just summon the queen you hairy little boy , and you can keep the spices in the spice rack tonight .
` ` carmella , do n't grind the spices into a powder .
the signora added some of the spice mixture shamira had been grinding .
` ` carmella , we save this mixture in a special spice jar with a cork in it .
for when the meat , she 's not as fresh as today , the spices , you know , hide the bad meat taste . ''
immediately a strong scent filled the air that smelled like spices mixed with manure .
beth dispensed commands and spices with equal efficiency , all the while keeping one cautious eye on the time .
today 's bucket , bristling with bright yellow ears and speckled with spices , provided a believable cover for graham as he sought help from the only person who might believe what he said or even understand it .
i nodded and watched as she dropped some freshly cut spices into the boiling water .
they declined the decanters of refreshment , selerael offered them , sweet , clear spirits with a scent of spices and several other sweet cakes and fruits .
once the chicken is caught , she is going to go ask for garlic from perry , that pangaean man who owns the spice farm .
the air is fragrant with spices and the musical background transmits a sensation of peace .
after looking at the vegetables they had planted i picked a few that doubled as spices .
the air was muggy with steam and heavy with spice .
dressed in more formal and cleaner trench coats than the rest of the populace , they also wore masks with circular eyeholes of opaque glass and beak - like projections that were supposedly stuffed with sweet - smelling herbs and spices to protect them from the stench and disease that was one with the city .
the saloon , unsurprisingly , stank of ogre -- an odd mix of sweat , lubricant , and a spice the gnome had never managed to identify .
i d smelled them first on the transport over here , and confused them for curry spices .
known for his ruthlessness and cunning , dimarco had made a name for himself as a black market supplier of anything and everything from rare jewels and spices to slaves .
doc tiny had lined them with a cornucopia of herbs , spices and alchemical and apothecary supplies .
the half orc , and the saurian spice merchants eyes grew wide as the coins and gems glistened in the amber light of the small table lamp .
the spice merchant produced a silk purse with similar contents , but the dock worker shook his head .
argus caught hints of cardamom along with other spices he had never smelled before .
the spices come in on the ships and being the ' bard 's daughter ' this place always gets the best .
johns scent of sweat and spice drags up memories of nights spent in our living room in forgotten london listening to his dramatic brand of storytelling .
some worlds treasure it as a spice .
adani had given a spice addict the keys to the mines of kessel .
he sat on a mound of leaves and watched her as she put dried herbs and spices into a leather bag with hot rocks .
i have old maps of spice islands in asia .
it has a bitter dirt - like taste , so i like to sprinkle it on my food with a few spices to hide the flavor .
the manticore economy thrived due to its exports of spice and minerals while also relying on imports from other planets .
` ` old bay spice ? ''
several members of each species individually approached and then quietly watched him for hours at a time and poked at him with their noses to get a good whiff of his scent - which usually included old spice deodorant .
goods from all over traveled with them - fabrics , liquor , tobacco , scrap metal , weapons , candles , oil , tea , coffee , spices , grains , canned goods .
or perhaps it was prepared with different spices than those he was used to .
` ` i can promise you an interesting meal , whatever the conversation , '' said quintesetz , ` ` if your taste should run to our sayshellian spices .
rich and murphy spice walked off toward the other pavilion .
thick incense wafted up from braziers around the circle , giving the cold air the sharp scent of cinnamon and some other , more acrid spice .
the spice did that , they said .
not that any reverend mother was ever truly alone after the spice agony flooded her with other memories .
she could see where the spice agony had left its marks .
anger flecks from her body 's residual store of the spice substitute honored matres employed .
` ` that 'll come out in the spice agony , '' odrade said .
these eyes showed a blue iris and white sclera , no clue to the spice agony in her past .
the most immediately dangerous thing was the shere being metered to her with the spice .
no bene gesserit appeared capable of completely removing herself from that binding absolute she achieved in the spice agony : loyalty to her sisterhood .
` ` does that mean you also duplicate tleilaxu spice production ? ''
but spice will come in time , one way or another . ''
` ` you 're drawing on your spice stockpiles to supply them and those must be finite . ''
` ` for making the spice , too ? ''
clear blue eyes not yet touched by the engulfing blue of spice agony .
memory flooded her : she felt herself searching sietch tabr 's ruins , finding desert - embalmed bodies of spice pirates left where killers had dropped them .
the guild had always stockpiled with generations of spice in scattered storage and ( doubtless ) many hidden backups .
the infallible mental clock that had been set ticking during the spice agony told her she had adapted to the planet 's circadian rhythms .
you took your spice during the day as your body demanded , following a pattern of early training : dosage minimal , just enough to whet the metabolic system and drive it into peak performance .
brought up short by thoughts of the spice 's darker side !
` ` all of the old narcotics in which humans have indulged possess a remarkable factor in common - all except the spice .
` ` so easy for the spice to dominate . ''
she was firmly balanced now , mentat reverend mother encompassed by the mohalata of her own spice agony - that union of benign other memory protecting her from domination by malignant ancestors .
odrade had just completed her daily regimen : mini - agony of spice followed by exercise and cold shower .
` ` they found a spice mass thirty klicks northeast of us !
` ` the spice blow has occurred .
` ` they came to a spice blow as they always do . ''
honored matres might not want any bene gesserit alive ... only the spice knowledge , perhaps .
falsehoods do n't come through the spice . ''
exchanges , occurring in the presence of poisonous spice essence or at an actual moment of death , did not often allow further living contact between participants .
odrade gestured at the syringes and nodded to bellonda , who went out a side door in search of the suk reverend mother in charge of spice essence .
the woman 's eyes were the total blue of spice addiction but they also held that inner force marking one who had survived the agony .
no lack of volunteers and the threat in the junction conflict minimized need for spice poison to ignite sharings , reducing danger .
sheeana recalled giant shai - hulud of dune , ` ` the old man of the desert , '' large enough to swallow spice factories , ring surfaces hard as plascrete .
no sandworm could resist a spice blow in its territory .
the light glowed without apparent source , having its existence only on the red fabric surface woven of spice fiber .
they could hear attendants in the antechamber preparing breakfast , a simple gruel with dates and nuts blended in liquid skimmed from partially fermented spice .
` ` you think it 's because we have n't dared the spice trance and alia has , '' ghanima said .
the spice trance - well ... '' he shrugged .
extreme caution with a spice overdose ; that 's our best course . ''
she had been born an atreides , victim of that eons - deep awareness inflicted by her mother 's spice addiction .
leto must be lured into the spice trance .
leaving me to be born after she became addicted to the spice !
= = = = = = melange ( me'-lange also ma , lanj ) n - s , origin uncertain ( thought to derive from ancient terran franzh ) : a. mixture of spices ; b. spice of arrakis ( dune ) with geriatric properties first noted by yanshuph ashkoko , royal chemist in reign of shakkad the wise ; arrakeen melange , found only in deepest desert sands of arrakis , linked to prophetic visions of paul muad'dib ( atreides ) , first fremen mahdi ; also employed by spacing guild navigators and the bene gesserit .
` ` no more spice , '' she said .
if jacurutu exists , they 'll support themselves by selling spice .
to be truly at one with the virtue of the spice , uncorrupted in all ways , full of goodly honor , a man must permit his deeds and his words to agree .
ghanima explained the theory upon which she and leto had settled , that their avoiding of the spice trance while alia entered it often made the difference .
pressures of responsibility had driven the old fears away and she had been wide open to the inner lives , demanding their advice , plunging into spice trance in search of guiding visions .
actually paymon was known to be a choam spy whose task was to assess the yearly spice crop .
` ` why are our spice crops of such interest to the combine honnete ? ''
her memory presented a collection of sandworm images : mighty shai - hulud , the demiurge of the fremen , deadly beast of the desert 's depths whose outpourings included the priceless spice .
he sat on cavern rock in the glow of a spice lamp whose fluttering light revealed damp walls and dark holes which were passages from this place .
an unsheathed crysknife reflected pale yellow from the spice lamp as the youth lifted the blade and pointed it briefly at each of the bound men .
` ` you agree we ca n't go the way of the spice . ''
the transport which had brought the lady jessica , laden now with spice , was returning to its mother - cluster in orbit .
with the spice , he could breathe the future , shatter time 's veils .
now there was a project with enormous potential : wrest the spice monopoly from the atreides and anything might happen .
farad'n was acutely conscious of a sour spice smell from the old man .
we can not succumb to the spice ; that 's paramount .
some few merchants remained awake there sniffing for the spice - biscuit money of the back country or the jingle in a pilgrim 's purse .
without the fremen , without house atreides ' monopoly on the geriatric spice , her grip would loosen .
` ` to keep from losing the spice monopoly . ''
` ` except in the spice orgy . ''
not without reason was the spice often called ` ` the secret coinage . ''
` ` there 's always the heavy speculative stockpiling of spice by certain houses , '' irulan said .
` ` and what we have is a certain knowledge throughout the choam directorate that we can destroy the spice if they force us to it .
if the spice goes , what coin do we have to buy our way ? ''
` ` and what of the worms and the spice ? ''
both carried small fruit baskets woven of spice - fiber , but each basket carried a sealed package : fremkit , maula pistol , crysknife ... and the new robes sent by farad'n .
-tagir mohandis : conversations with a friend leto was far out on the sand when he heard the worm behind him , coming to his thumper there and the dusting of spice he 'd spread around the dead tigers .
farad'n touched his own eyelids , feeling the hard surfaces of the permanent contact lenses which concealed the total blue of his spice addiction .
a steady spice diet must have helped him , of course .
he longed for the ability to sink into the mysterious spice trance as paul muad'dib had done , there to seek out the future and know the answers to his questions .
she smelled the desert on him , a mixture of spice and flint .
she did not believe him capable of leaping time in the spice way .
` ` i see you ' ve recognized the spice essence , '' halleck said .
the spacing guild feared the equation arrakis = melange ; without the spice they could not navigate .
the passage had been left open and leto had seen some activity out there - spice hampers being wheeled past , three women with the obvious off - world sophistication of dress which marked them as smugglers .
his captors kept sending him back into the spice thralldom , unsatisfied with his responses at every return .
he saw women trampling spice residue for fuel , curding the spice for fermentation , forming spice - fabrics .
he saw women trampling spice residue for fuel , curding the spice for fermentation , forming spice - fabrics .
he saw women trampling spice residue for fuel , curding the spice for fermentation , forming spice - fabrics .
i was right to fear the spice trip , he thought .
there was no way for him to determine whether they had current reality or came from the spice .
he felt the red fruit of his life swaying on a limb , fluid slipping away from him , and the fluid was the spice essence flowing through his veins .
without shai - hulud , no more spice .
` ` leto ... feared the spice , '' ghanima said , finding that she could talk about him quietly .
in the half - immersed awareness of the spice he saw her outlined by all that his vision revealed about her .
she was mixing more of the brew which they thought held him captive : food laced with spice essence to keep him half in and half out of the real universe until either he died or his grandmother 's plan succeeded .
the spice and its peculiar setting here in jacurutu had been a desperate gamble .
the spice and its visions had drained him .
he said : ` ` is it possible he just wandered away in the spice trance ? ''
he let his gaze wander , fishing in the sand for a whistling vent , any irregularity of the dunes which might indicate spice or worm activity .
without me , the worms and their spice will vanish from dune . ''
you collect spice , therefore you trade .
crude buildings of greenbush and spice - fiber had been built out from the fan palms .
a single structure stood on the sand directly ahead of the ' thopter : a thatch of desert vines and bejato leaves , all lined with heat - fused spice - fabric .
he 'll continue to receive the spice . ''
yet they employed ornithopters and the latest spice harvesters .
` ` the spice will only give you visions , '' sabiha said .
yet they wallowed in spice wealth and lured sandtrout to open qanats .
the thought attracted him far more strongly than had any spice vision .
the spice soothed them until they were dumped into the deathstill .
delicately leto adjusted his enzyme balance , drawing on the illuminated sureness he 'd gained in spice trance .
the overpowering redolence of the spice swept over him .
sexually produced uniqueness and differences are the life - protection of the spices .
its moldering hulk had been found sitting on top of a giant spiceblow , the spice mostly ruined .
once they 'd moved freely across the bled , drawn by natural needs : water , spice , trade .
the sand ramp up which the cast out had lured worms on a spice trail had been blocked off with a new qanat .
leto 's personal estimate was that spice production would fall soon to a stabilized one - tenth of its peak in the harkonnen years .
you will sell no more spice , but you will store every bit you collect . ''
with his blind companion , leto had come up from the desert along the old spice route , traveling by worm through an area where worms were now a rarity .
-the preacher at arrakeen , after harq al - ada ghanima sat far back outside the circle of light from the spice lamps and watched this buer agarves .
hardship , the rigors of the spice trade , and adventure were a way of life here .
` ` and leto will control the spice , '' jessica reminded them .
absolute control of dwindling spice supplies !
instead of panniers heavy with spice , fire jewels , or any of the other costly gifts which lay in mounds around the throne , stilgar bore a headband of braided spice - fiber .
instead of panniers heavy with spice , fire jewels , or any of the other costly gifts which lay in mounds around the throne , stilgar bore a headband of braided spice - fiber .
as the power of the spice monopoly fades and the hidden stockpiles make their mark , new powers will appear throughout our realm .
the arabs came to east africa in the seventh century a.d . , in search of gold , ivory , spices , and slaves .
the fact that these spices came from neutral hong kong , and were not the inferior condiments produced in taiwan , was a subtle point ; in any case , the gift struck exactly the proper note for an informal exchange .
after so many intervening centuries they found no artifacts at all - although elliot finally came upon a pair of disc - shaped stone paddles , which they presumed had been used to grind spices or grain .
she got out a ton of vegetables , stew meat , and a spice rack and set to chopping things up without a word to me .
` ` earth to larceny spice , come in larceny spice .
he smelled of some odd spice .
his tank 's vents emitted a pale orange cloud rich with the smell of the geriatric spice , melange .
he ate the spice and breathed it and , no doubt , drank it , scytale noted .
` ` the atreides holds a monopoly on the spice .
looking up , he glimpsed his face in a shelf mirror - blue - blue fremen eyes , mark of spice addiction ; a sharp atreides nose .
his angry denial was drowned in the whistling scream of a spice lighter hurling itself spaceward from the field outside arrakeen .
someone had spilled unchanged spice essence and left it to combine there with a spice - based rug .
someone had spilled unchanged spice essence and left it to combine there with a spice - based rug .
the soothing spice smell of her filled his nostrils .
this graben hovel in which i live '' - farok gestured at the courtyard - ` ` it cost sixty lidas of spice .
did farok , for example , know whence came his measure for this weight of spice ?
we have not forgotten the way they blackmailed a spice ransom from us to keep our secrets from our enemies .
captive memories absorbed in the womb during the moment of her mother 's spice change identified this man for alia by a rihani decipherment which cut through all camouflage .
the bene gesserit ` ` whip that instructs '' informed her that she should have understood long ago this similarity between the spice and the ghola .
` ` they 'll try to capture a small one and attempt to start the spice cycle on some other world , '' stilgar said .
-the ghola speaks alia 's commentary as he lay immersed in the screaming odor of the spice , staring inward through the oracular trance , paul saw the moon become an elongated sphere .
his eyes absorbed the scene without pulling him from spice thralldom .
it had taken a massive dose of the spice essence to penetrate the mud thrown up by the tarot .
he felt weak , shaken , still gripped by the spice .
` ` i ' m concerned with logic , with real spies , with the physical powers of the imperium , with the control of the spice , with - '' ` ` one can contemplate the emperor and his powers comfortably if one remembers that all things are finite , '' scytale said .
i must eat and eat ... and take more spice , as well ... eat it , drink it .
they were packed into a tight mass of flesh now , the air heavy with their breathing and the scent of spice .
in the shining summer heat she serves us bread and milk - cool , fragrant with spices .
alia swayed with the rapture of spice change .
the spice change that had mixed the psyches of mother and daughter forced her at times to think of paul as a son to whom she had given birth .
` ` you ' ve taken the spice , a large dose , '' he said .
` ` have you risked a dangerous dose of the spice ? ''
` ` how much of the spice did you take ? ''
he spoke softly , reasonably , as to a small child : ` ` tell me how much of the spice you took . ''
gold - plated cups , exotic spices , and extravagant clothes all vied for her attention - though most of it just made her feel sick to her stomach .
` ` anyway , rumors say that telrii 's accounts have swelled drastically during the last two weeks , and his shipments to fjorden turn fantastic profits no matter what he chooses to send , whether it be fine spices or cow dung . ''
` ` do n't forget , your family earned its fortune by organizing the spice route from jindo .
there 's plenty of them living along the spice route . ''
where does leto hide his hoard of spice ?
no longer does the giant sandworm roam free , producing the spice melange .
now , the only spice is held in guild and bene gesserit storehouses , a few small hoards among the remnants of the great houses , and my gigantic hoard which they all covet .
the guild remained extremely sensitive to anything which might threaten their slender supply of spice .
but it was all based on the spice , a substance whose value , though enormous , kept increasing .
` ` you are aware that guild navigators require the spice before they can see the safe path to traverse ? ''
` ` it 's expensive work and we need the spice for comparative testing by guild navigators . ''
the man could live many times that long if he would take the spice , but he refused .
a rumored aversion to water has not been confirmed , although the use of water as a barrier against the original sandworms of dune is well documented in our records , as is the water - death by which fremen killed a small worm to produce the spice essence employed in their orgies .
` ` is there such a hoard of spice , lord ? ''
all of the spice allotments would be fixed or ( the gods protect us ! )
tell me , instead , if you have announced yet that there will be no changes in the spice allotments ? ''
let it also be known that the spice can shorten life . ''
it was not often that the lord leto spoke of the spice , and then it usually was to set allotments or withdraw them , to apportion rewards or send the fish speakers after some newly revealed hoard .
the greatest remaining store of spice , moneo knew , lay in some place known only to the god emperor .
the spice had glowed radiant blue in the dim silver light .
i will be the source of spice then . ''
the spice will be more dangerous to seek and far more perilous to keep . ''
this land will be again the domain of spice and worm . ''
` ` it was a design of our genetic history and the working of the spice .
the spice allotment passes over the tleilaxu for this decade .
leto knew that the reverend mothers allowed this because they no longer could share the spice as once they had .
` ` i would sooner link myself to those degenerate great houses bewailing their lost spice riches ' . ''
very well , for the next decade i will continue your spice allotment at its present level .
as for the rest , i will ignore what you really intended with the spice essence .
` ` how ... how did you know what i feared was in the ... '' ` ` because you fear the spice .
` ` only where the spice is concerned ? ''
` ` but the spice dwindles , '' she said .
he thought the room rejected him , each thing - the soft cushions : big bulbous things in gold , green and a red that was almost purple ; the fremen rugs , each a museum piece , lapping over each other in thick piles around leto 's pit ; the false sunlight of ixian glowglobes , light which enveloped the emperor 's face in dry warmth , making the shadows around it deeper and more mysterious ; the smell of spice - tea somewhere nearby ; and that rich melange odor which radiated from the worm - body .
he could let himself imagine that her eyes were the total blue of his own eyes , the blue of spice addiction .
these days , i only ingest dry substances which sometimes contain a bit of the spice . ''
-= you know the myth of the great spice hoard ?
the spice was hidden there long ago , even before the first empire and the spacing guild .
she knew where the spice originated and what it might do to her .
` ` but the moisture you gave me ... '' ` ` is buffered and masked by the spice . ''
the eyes revealed definite pupils , not the all - blue of spice addiction .
behind him lay tuono and , just a ways down the barrier wall , was all that remained of sietch tabr - stilgar 's realm , the place where all of leto 's spice had been concealed .
his nostrils reported the wet dirt smell and clean spice essence .
` ` perhaps the spice will give you time . ''
` ` where is your spice ? ''
that is what they want from us , our spice knowledge . ''
odrade took a firm grip on rational thought , using the stance of the other memories that had flooded into her awareness during the spice agony when she had really become a full reverend mother .
` ` that is reserved for a reverend mother 's passage through the spice . ''
each searching child not only looked for the spice but also sought those signs which would reveal one of the old fremen sietch strongholds .
the hot spice smell from the worms filled the air around her .
indeed , even miles knew about the tleilaxu connection with the spice .
miles saw the orange - brown spice markers change hands , a tall stack of them , which one of the face dancers removed from a case on the floor .
for this test , though , they fed him increased doses of the spice and he sensed the awakening of his true self .
` ` so the spice agony will be denied him , but nothing else .
i have already begun increasing his intake of the spice . ''
she would remember the laughter , poling the sand for its weather , hunting scorpions in the crannies of the village hovels , smelling out spice fragments in the dunes .
teg 's advanced years always raised the suspicion that he might resort to the leavening effect of the spice .
` ` of course , but most people look at the spice and say , ' how nice it is that we can have it and it can give us so much longer lives than were enjoyed by our ancestors . '
everything was explained and they knew that the desert surface of rakis reproduced the original form of the planet , the way it looked in the beginning when it was the only known source of the holy spice .
` ` i ' ve never been able to strike an acceptable balance sheet for the spice , '' he said , referring to a common mentat process of data sorting .
` ` it was different before the spice , '' she said .
the spice gives with one hand and takes with all of its others . ''
` ` the spice agony , '' he said .
their robes and stillsuits lay in a pile at one side watched over by a dark - skinned young girl in a long brown dress of spice fiber .
with a sudden outflowing awareness , which she had experienced before only during the spice agony , odrade saw through to the total pattern of what she had just witnessed in the great square .
more than that , it was to the advantage of all independent powers that rakis remain equally independent as another source of the spice .
let us discuss your proposed spice monopoly .
yes , you promised to provide rakis with many new spice harvesters , the new airborne ones , which only touch the desert with their sweeper heads . ''
even the preserved fruit had been dusted with the spice .
odrade glanced at the fenced spice yard beside them .
the design of the spice silos in the yard was as old as rakis : oval tanks on tall legs , metal and plaz insects waiting stilt - legged to leap upon their prey .
odrade smelled the biting odors of chemicals that had been used to kill wild growth in the spice storage yard .
this was classical violence carried in many memories , which had come down to her in the moments of spice agony .
sheeana leaned close to odrade and whispered : ` ` there is a great treasure of the spice , though .
baram had never been permitted to try the spice agony .
what greater currency was there , though , than the spice ?
grouped around it , moving clockwise from your left , are a small harvester , a carryall , a primitive spice factory and the other support equipment .
` ` fremen hid their spice in caves . ''
other memories replayed that agonized , twisting death which produced the spice poison to ignite a fremen orgy .
she saw nothing of value in the small chambers where she sent her probing light : a few scattered strands of spice fiber , small spills of melted rock , melt bubbles occasionally on floors , walls , and ceilings .
this was the great gathering chamber of sietch tabr , site of countless fremen spice orgies and tribal convocations .
in this place , the tyrant had concealed a spice hoard .
in the worst of the old times , a hand - carried luggage case could hold enough spice to buy a planet .
her attention was drawn to the strip of wall above the spice .
after surviving the spice agony , odrade had been sent to al dhanab , an equivalent of salusa secundus , there to be conditioned deliberately on a planet of constant testing : high cliffs and dry gorges , hot winds and frigid winds , little moisture and too much .
` ` you think we assure our spice supply by such a stupid alliance ? ''
although they searched and experimented constantly , the sisterhood had never found a substitute for the spice .
he thought suddenly that the spice agony must be like this for a reverend mother .
she had been told about selective memory transmission , about the workings of other memories , about the spice agony .
was it akin to what a reverend mother experienced in the spice agony ?
many people were curious about the place where odrade had found the spice hoard .
not as great as the spice agony , though , she reminded herself .
it would be only a matter of time now until the bene gesserit overcame its scruples and mastered that source of the spice .
` ` there but for the grace of god ... '' every sister who came through the spice agony ( as chenoeh had not ) said or thought that same thing , but what did it really mean ?
` ` and i smell spices .
at the stove he toiled surrounded by several kinds of fish , plus many herbs and spices .
the small stone room smelled sharply of spices .
he leaned forward , smelling what could have been old flowers or ancient spices , and exhaled .
day seventeen a cool breeze laden with unfamiliar spices crept through the cracks around shai 's warped window .
` ` the central kitchen is faster , but i add my own spices .
as they stepped into the aisle leading toward the exit , a hatch behind them hissed open , gushing the rich smells of garlic fried in olive oil and spices he could n't name .
instead she watched , a helpless passenger inside her own body , as tak turned her , walked her over to the spice rack , and used her hand to open the cabinet above it .
my mother was italian and my father is chicano so i spice everything i fix , except you ca n't get the spices out here .
` ` they 'd find me a century from now , frozen with pots , pans and food , as well as synthetic spices .
i ' m an old spice man , myself . ''
mab had a sense , a wisdom beyond her instinct for spices and broths .
he shoveled in a spoonful of rice , mouth burning from the spices .
i ca n't smell anything but bodies and spices , ca n't hear anything but the chatter of people .
` ` a spice merchant 's shop ? ''
he 's one of only three men who store salt in any great amount ; most of the other spice merchants buy from him . ''
he thought of olive thorin , sitting down there at the foot of the table , with the salt and spices , an untouched bowl of soup before her and that unhappy smile on her face .
but the french warships were firing regularly into the air above the flotilla : something like pepper , in vaster quantities than could have been afforded of spice , and burning .
one servant did come down the hill with them , carrying an enormous steaming platter that smelled pungently of oriental spices , and even before he had stepped into the firelight , and laurence saw his face , temeraire had already raised his head and said joyfully , ` ` gong su , you are here . ''
i looked , but saw no party : just narrow houses with rusting cars or bikes in their concreted front gardens ; and the dusty glass fronts of newsagents , which smelled of alien spices and sold everything from birthday cards and second - hand comics to the kind of magazines that were so p**n ographic they were sold already sealed in plastic bags .
i looked , but saw no party : just narrow houses with rusting cars or bikes in their concreted front gardens ; and the dusty glass fronts of newsagents , which smelled of alien spices and sold everything from birthday cards and secondhand comics to the kind of magazines that were so pornographic that they were sold already sealed in plastic bags .
and then he will add herbs and spices to the beer can .
it 's mostly herbs and spices and wood chips .
he had already sprinkled the brandy - soaked raisins and grain beneath the stunted avocado tree behind the house , and he was arranging the scented woods , the herbs , and the spices on the bed of charcoal .
when its time is come it is burned on the fire of rare woods and spices and herbs , and in the ashes it is reborn , time after time , world without end . ''
he smelled of exotic spices and had the whitest teeth simon had ever seen .
desert wind there was an old man with skin baked black by the desert sun who told me that , when he was young , a storm had separated him from his caravan and its spices , and he walked over rock and over sand for days and nights , seeing nothing but small lizards and sand - colored rats .
i imagine him negotiating with the little hairy men - offering them gold and spices for the lovely corpse under the crystal mound .
as usual the judge had doused himself with old spice .
vendors shout for attention as we pass , hawking wares , stalls stacked with everything from dried spices to saris to sjamboks , those leather african half - whips , made as snake - killers and crafted from rhino hides , sold here for self - defense .
he names his price and just like that , we 're just two merchants haggling , over spices , over fabrics , over slaves , a scene as old as the world .
the smell of frying oil competed with a black melange of spices .
and after a full year traveling through africa , his skin was burned as dark as that of any of the local merchants hawking wares in the spice markets of old stone town .
at the foot of the building , a small spice market rang and bustled , wafting up with a melange of nutmeg , cinnamon , vanilla , cloves , and countless other spices that had once lured sultans to this island and had fueled an active slave - trading industry .
at the foot of the building , a small spice market rang and bustled , wafting up with a melange of nutmeg , cinnamon , vanilla , cloves , and countless other spices that had once lured sultans to this island and had fueled an active slave - trading industry .
as in the spice ? ''
` ` hormuz was a major trading port , trafficking in jewels , spices , and slaves .
but this once used to be a bustling metropolis , with markets selling fish and rice , fruit and spices , with homes crowded with pigs and chickens .
even the smells changed with every breeze : the sizzle of pork fat , the burn of thai spices , the pungent stink rising from the overflowing trash bins , the stale whiff of perfume from a woman passing close by .
the burn of persian spices and oils also wafted over him , stinging his eyes with every gust off the sea .
when kendra got close , she could smell that , as usual , he had gone heavy on the old spice .
a group of chatting darkeyed women moving from spice merchant to spice merchant .
someone must come with proper spices . ''
but she tried to focus on the map of new beijing and the profile she 'd discovered on the net as she turned into the first street of market booths , crowded with barrels of spices and woven blankets that hung from wire racks and netscreens chattering from every surface .
one of its prongs gestured to an alcove where a machine held a fine porcelain teapot , steaming at its spout , and an assortment of leaves and spices .
the dull mass of red bricks always smelled of packing sawdust and exotic spices .
i could feel the breath of one of them upon me , smell the spurling tangle of scents that clung to them like their skin : must and mold and funk and dust and a trace of some spice .
silk 's grandfather was in the import business , dealing mainly in spices , and working for drasnian intelligence on the side .
i learned all about translocation and about spices at almost the same time .
i seasoned food by instinct - a pinch , a dollop , or a handful of any spice always seemed to work out just right .
' that 's too much sage , pol , ' beltira protested when i dug my hand into one of his spice - pots .
i 'll go look for herbs and spices for tonight 's supper . '
i ' ve heard that there 's profit to be made in the spice - trade , and spices smell much nicer than cows . '
i ' ve heard that there 's profit to be made in the spice - trade , and spices smell much nicer than cows . '
i was n't entirely certain whether or not the ulgos might have religious objections to herbs and spices .
then , when i 'd managed to put them all to work , i went into the spice pantry to inventory the condiments .
the spice jars were all there , of course , but half of them were empty .
the vegetables and braised stew meat cascaded into the large bubbling stew - pots , and then i compounded a mixture of ordinary cooking spices to counteract nala 's ' fever ' .
' nobody 's really all that fond of the taste of pork , when you get right down to it , but my mother taught me that almost anything can be made edible - if you use enough spices .
` ` that 's all very well , kheldar , '' zakath said rather testily , ` ` but how can i be sure that my next meal wo n't have another dose of exotic spices in it ? ''
the pungent spices in the jar and the lavender sand in the goblet came spilling out , but neither vessel emptied .
the air was close and dusty , and there was the pervading odour of mutton simmering in olive oil and pungent spices .
the street was filled with noise and with those peculiarly rendorish scents spices , perfumes and the pervading odour of smoking olive oil .
` ` no , no , '' another voice said , ` ` you do n't add the spices until after it starts to boil . ''
she knew by smell , taste , or some higher instinct what each dish required , and she seasoned them all by pinch or trace or a negligent - seeming shake from earthenware spice pots .
` ` some of my spice pots are a bit low , '' she said , ` ` and there 's a tolnedran spice merchant in fennel lane just south of the town tavern .
` ` some of my spice pots are a bit low , '' she said , ` ` and there 's a tolnedran spice merchant in fennel lane just south of the town tavern .
` ` still , '' she continued , ` ` at least i can count on him not to forget my spices altogether or to become so fuddled with ale that he confuses peppercorns with cloves or cinnamon with nutmeg .
` ` i 'll see which spices i need , '' she said .
` ` let 's find your aunt 's spice merchant , '' he said , ` ` and then see to a night 's lodging - and a stable for our horse . ''
the house of the tolnedran spice merchant was a tall , narrow building in the next street .
they walked past the two heavyset men and entered the spice merchant 's shop .
wolf paid the tolnedran merchant for the spices , and he and garion left the shop .
` ` there was a murgo in town - at your spice merchant 's .
` ` my family has been in the spice trade for generations , but i ' m reduced to peddling turnips . ''
` ` i thought you dealt in spices . ''
` ` ambar the spice merchant is useful to them , but ambar the poor wagoneer is quite another thing . ''
magister illyrio was a dealer in spices , gemstones , dragonbone , and other , less savory things .
inside the manse , the air was heavy with the scent of spices , pinchfire and sweet lemon and cinnamon .
find me a flagon of red , not too sour , and do n't skimp on the spices .
they took five wagons out of king 's landing , laden with supplies for the wall : hides and bolts of cloth , bars of pig iron , a cage of ravens , books and paper and ink , a bale of sourleaf , jars of oil , and chests of medicine and spices .
the air smelled of some exotic spice , and the floor beneath his feet displayed a mosaic of two women entwined in love .
wheels of white cheese were set at every table , above and below the salt , and flagons of hot spice wine and chilled autumn ale were passed up and down the tables .
when he saw arya looking on , he said , ` ` nan , i 'll want a flagon of hot spice wine , i took a chill in the woods .
hot pie was told to crumble in the spices as the wine heated .
salladhor saan threaded his way between the jars of spice and bolts of cloth that filled the hold of the merchanter , wrapped davos in a fierce embrace , then kissed him once on each cheek and a third time on his forehead .
you will dance into braavos and myr and volantis in the black of night , all unseen , and dance out again with silks and spices .
by the time mormont arrived , she was huddled in her lion pelt , drinking a cup of spice wine .
their feats were accompanied by crabs boiled in fiery eastern spices , trenchers filled with chunks of chopped mutton stewed in almond milk with carrots , raisins , and onions , and fish tarts fresh from the ovens , served so hot they burned the fingers .
she could still remember the smell of it , redolent with queer eastern spices , and the softness of maggy 's gums as she sucked the blood from cersei 's finger .
the candles had been lighted , she was pleased to see ; the solar smelled of nutmeg and other costly spices .
cloves and lemongrass and precious saffron , and stranger spices , rarer still .
in lannisport it was said that she had been young and beautiful when her husband had brought her back from the east with a load of spices , but age and evil had left their marks on her .
strange spices scented the chilly autumn wind , and he could hear faint cries drifting over the wall from the streets beyond .
wear motley and stand upon your head to amuse the spice lords and the cheese kings .
though there were stranger spices than salt in this sister 's stew .
when clydas poured , jon held the cup with both hands , sniffed the spices , swallowed .
there 's more profit in cloves and saffron , he tells me , and spices wo n't set fire to your sails . '
` ` as it happens , when i came ashore in your sweet city , i chanced to see upon the riverbank a man who had once been a guest in my manse , a merchant who dealt in rare spices and choice wines .
meereen needs beans more than it needs rare spices , and beans require water . ''
in the spice locker they found peppercorns , cloves , and cinnamon , mustard seeds , coriander , sage and clary sage and parsley , blocks of salt .
` ` we 'll voyage east as the crow 's eye did , but we 'll come back with silks and spices instead of a dragon 's horn .
` ` pynto is a very good man , '' he announced , then settled down to tell her of the time he seized the spice ship , a tale she had heard a dozen times before .
the air was redolent with the scents of saffron , cinnamon , cloves , pepper , and other costly spices .
they are rolled in spice before the honey , so they are sweet and hot at once . ''
` ` he will meet with you on the morrow , by the spice market .
` ` it is still not too late to abandon this folly , '' gerris said , as they made their way down a foetid alley toward the old spice market .
their holds were packed with trade goods , wines and silks and spices , rare woods and rarer scents , but the ships themselves were the true prize .
` ` i ... hot spices do not agree with me .
and the listener in turn would add more spices , a pinch of salt and swear that every word was true , and was only recounting his own horrific experience .
they started spreading the hot news of mrs . santa - moroz affair and her elopement and so on , adding salt and spices .
shelves loaded with jars of spices and boxes of cleaning supplies lined the walls .
the second box contains an assorted of colored full to the rim fruits and vegetables while the last box displays jillions of granules of flour , salt , spices , and sugar .
and , so nice to finally touch his warm and muscular chest since he also smells nice like woody spice and orange citrus .
the scent of different spices that reminded me of hayes was luscious and rich like the room .
apparently the king enjoyed the earthy taste of the spice and wanted to increase his supply .
its just a request from the human king to bring back more spice that he had originally ordered .
as the spoon neared my mouth , the smell of spices became even more potent .
wild boar roasting on a spit over the fire filling his nose with pleasant smells making his mouth water in anticipation , at the same moment she is chopping up potatoes , onions , peas , carrots , garlic , beans and rice mixing them together with exotic smelling spices in a large pot also hanging over the fire for the most wonderful soup .
sounds wonderful well be out in just a second we just need a little more time toput some spices on .
the dining hall was filled with voices and the smells of many different spices .
he withdrew his small container of sharp smelling salts and spices .
it was empty , the cabinet doors open , smashed bottles and packages of tea , spices , and sauces spilling multi - colored liquids onto the linoleum .
* chapter 18 awake , o north wind ; and come , thou south ; blow upon my garden , that the spices thereof may flow out .
make haste , my beloved , and be thou like to a roe or to a young hart upon the mountains of spices .
* chapter 29 his cheeks are as a bed of spices , as sweet flowers : his lips like lilies , dropping sweet smelling myrrh .
wrapping my arms around his waist , his scent of woods and spice filled my nostrils .
cookie pulled his spice cabinet closer to the edge of the wagons gate .
sarah stopped a few paces from his cloud of old spice .
the slight crunch of the nuts , the hearty oats , and the sweet brown sugar , mixed together with dallass secret blend of spices ( that he refused to divulge ) all those flavors i loved it .
he said , pulling out various bottles of spices , smelling trying , smelling and examining different ones .
where he needed to go was a storeroom ; a very particular storeroom in fact , where all the herbs and spices were kept ... . and the fruit .
grarrt knew what he was looking for , it took him several sniffs , four to get the spices he needed , and a few more just because ... . from the same shelf the spices were on he grabbed a mortar and pestle ; it was heavy and chiselled from a single block of stone .
grarrt knew what he was looking for , it took him several sniffs , four to get the spices he needed , and a few more just because ... . from the same shelf the spices were on he grabbed a mortar and pestle ; it was heavy and chiselled from a single block of stone .
the first spice he put into the mortar was shaped like a nut , it was small and round and when it was smashed from above by the blunt end of the stone pestle it shattered and became an overwhelmingly sweet smelling powder .
when grarrt had finished grinding the four spices together he set the mortar aside on the bench and grabbed a large wooden bucket from underneath and placed it next to the bushel of rapples .
next to go in were the spices .
his first glimpse of chinatown matched his expectations ; it was dirty and noisy , with the heady aromas of exotic spices and roasting meats wafting from the many restaurants .
arching his back to a cool passing breeze , comforted by his bed and the reassurance of courage prevailing , he daydreamed to the precipice of sleep where he would feel his mothers comfort wrapped in a scent of delicate spices colored of saffron .
the spirit voice returned in a wisp of scented spice .
she gave me a life i felt to have lost ; her touch so real , the scent of spice brushing my cheek .
is it true that the people ride around on elephants and that the air smells like spices ?
the land of silk and spices : a travel guide to the scadias introduction by lirey litwin * scadia has endless wonders to offer the determined tourist , and i just ca nt wait to show you how !
scadian lamb and hillbeast make for hearty , saucy dishes , rubbed in spices and cooked lovingly over hot stones .
soft and beautiful with a hint of spice .
a punch to the face you can take , but a mouth full of griff spices would send you away crying .
he had a unique scent of woods and spice that was actually pleasant .
mathen answered , '' lamb , potato 's , and assorted other vegetables with the best assortment of spices i ' ve ever tasted .
underground , the air became warmer and smelled of a mixture of candles , sawdust , spices , and herbs .
music and shouts drifted over the hill , and the air took on a musky fragrance , a mixture of spices and smoke .
an invasive smell of burning spice tickled neb 's senses and he sneezed .
if you decompressurized the cabin down to vacuum level , you could cook up your crabs the way blood in your veins might boil in a vacuum : but could you put on all the spices ?
their plan was to trade for herbs , spices , livestock , and anything else that would prove useful .
he entered a nearby tent full of herbs , spices and charms .
on one corner , there was a stove and some pots , utensils , cups , a loaf of bread and spices .
his mother glanced at the spices in carda 's hands , eyes softening .
he lined up the spice jars on his computer desk , placed a cereal bowl beside them , and stooped over the manual .
carda rearranged the spice jars , then leaned back in his chair .
the facts about explorers and their mad rushes for land , spices , and human flesh are crammed into each chapter and memorized for the a - b - c - d test .
everyone , ferrets included , found the new atmosphere of spices , foods , and thousands of unusual goods to be much more agreeable .
her mother and sisters would visit the market , looking for some of the few vegetables they did nt grow , and for any of the spices they were running low on .
then she added , ` ` i put a splash of teriyaki in with the traditional spices .
his neck smelled like old spice , and his beard tickled my cheek as i whispered in his ear .
oven , fridge , microwave , cream floor tiles , spices in a rack and a coffee machine on the counter .
he showed them vials of spices , boxes of seeds , and elixirs for curing everything from warts to wrinkles .
no one really believed he would return from the savages in the north , but return he did , bringing with him a variety of new ales , cloths , and spices that really made the people sit up and take notice .
i ask archly , leaning into him and pulling in his scent , dark citrus and spice .
i had indigestion actuallymust be the spices .
the first was some sort of bean paste with sparse green leaves and spices in a traditional wrap .
as they drew closer throughout the day , the exotic smell of spices met her nostrils .
the smell of spices grew stronger , further enhanced by the heat , as they reached what selena assumed was a marketplace .
five minutes later she was undressed and neck deep in water that was scented with a combination of oils that made the water , and her skin , smell very much like the scent of spices that seemed to cling to the air here .
i do nt have to take any extraordinary measures , like mangling a piece of cast iron cookware , to avoid breaking ivys bones , but i manage to hold my hunger in check by sheer force of will and lots of spices to cloud the air and distract myself .
he sliced his meal , sprinkled some ground spices that he kept in his storage , and coupled the meal with coconut juice .
i gave stu a collection of exotic cooking spices that i had found in surrey .
it possessed a delicate and sweet florally bouquet with an undertone of some exotic - scented spice .
because the kitchen was so small it seemed well stocked , herbs and spices line the shelves , the turmeric and coriander mccready used in the curries which his father taught him how to make , cinnamon and nutmeg for the cakes baked to his mothers recipes .
the biosphere are listed as cameroon , zimbabwe , chad and ghana which produces yams , oil palms , coffee , teff , finger millet , peas , lentil , cotton , watermelon , gourds , wild animal population of goats , oxen and cattle , sorghum and rice and gold and copper in the mines and spices and no lions , elephants , tigers or hyenas and cheetahs , deer , camels and giraffes , apes and monkeys .
swapped out the mushroom for a more common variety , or the powder for some spice mix from his pantry ?
all of this meant that rich foods , fabrics and spices were well known in a kingdom that , but for trade , would have had little beyond sheep , turnips , and wool .
` ` arandish , '' laura said aloud to no one in particular , ` ` these spices are arandish .
they began smearing pieces of meat with wild spices and slapping them on black pans .
i had nt been this close to him in a while ; he smelled faintly of spices .
a cloud of old spice cologne reaches me before i see uncle pete and i relax completely .
then i feel an old familiar energy , and smell a blast of old spice cologne .
there were leather goods wallets , purses , bags , hats ; spices ; cloth great multi - coloured bolts being cut to order ; heaps of fruit which spilled , here and there , into the squares and roads ; dried meats hanging and smelling sharply from hooks .
sellers from all over the known world were here ; nubian artisans , akkadian spice merchants , salt sellers from karanduniash on the banks of the euphrates , and the merchants of mycenae .
albamek led their train through the throng and selected a spot between some spice merchants and a group of nubian potters .
he had hardly ended the conversation when another bombardment of messengers arrived , asking for decisions : the ninth paladian legion sought permission to winter in bregantiumyes , antonio told him , and thought it an unwelcome reminder of those dark , rainy , quickly - approaching days ; the high priest in sanctum wants to resolve a theological issueno thank you , antonio told him ; the runners of haroon spice are growing more aggressive , and oh , whatever shall we do ? make routine searches of every ship , and imprison any crew members indefinitely , antonio said .
if they only accomplished this task , the citys underbellythe brothel madams , the spice runners , the thieves and the crookswould find their emancipation .
within the shade of the cypress trees , the low - lives of the west side consumed packet after packet of haroon spice , chewing the heady mixture as it took their emotions to euphoric heights even as it turned their minds to jelly , their flesh to bones , and their eyes to eerie crimson .
claudio would not restrain their trade , although he could see chieftain nued eyeing the rolls of silk and canisters of spice .
the lornodoris home smelled of spices and simmering cookpots .
still , they did exist , meeting in catacombs or cemeteries or the spice gardens of the west side .
so why does she use haroon spice ?
underneath were piles of spice packets .
among the spice packets , she also found a fetish of a black snake twined around a tree .
she fingered through the spice packets , reached the wooden bottom , and realized no other secrets hid within this chest .
strong aromas permeated the airfish , hot bread , stewing beans , spices , fruits , goat and llama dung .
it carried spices and wool into mu and fruits and incense back to atlan .
i still had a long way to go before i could brave the stronger curries available , especially the much feared penang green curry , but i planned to spend plenty of time here in thailand so i was sure i could continue building up my spice tolerance .
wil you do n't seem to be , let 's go down to the spice bazaar .
they alighted and walked across a square that witnessed invaders and kings and people of centuries , ambled past a 16th century mosque and into the spice bazaar , another market which has been trading for about four to five hundred years .
wil thought her purchases were very enterprising , she was a natural bargain hunter , and on this occasion within the spice bazaar , she got exceptional value .
for it was a city built on trading rich produce of the javanese plains such as rice , spices and possibly tobacco , trading with chinese merchants , and after javas conquest , trade fostered by the dutch and europeans .
a piece of her now was of indian spices and silly , british - looking school uniforms and brightly colored weaves and noise and bodies closer together than any texan would like .
at one time , we had bought a yellow lovebird with my mom from the spice bazaar , and we passed by this church while we were going back home .
the early morning air was crisp and pungent with the sharp smell of cooking spices and fried breads .
in the 1940s , when she was just seven years old , her mother took her into the jungle on the mainland to collect herbs , spices and fruits .
love the spices .
the plastic bottles were filled with dried herbs and spices .
but the indian restaurant is almost a mile away , i complained , knowing that i would pass two chinese takeaways , a kebab shop and the pizza & pasta palace before reaching the spice island restaurant .
on this occasion i made it without being caught and , having saved myself three hundred yards , i set off in the direction of spice island .
much to his amusement he was sure he could once more , smell coffee and spices , the smell seemed to be everywhere .
it was 3 or 4 kilometres to the hotel so paul sat back and watched the night lights flash by ; some 20 minutes later and the smell of coffee and spices was overcome by the smell of the sea .
turning back , she reminded him to stop by the spice shop and get some ras el - hanoot , shopkeeper 's spice mixture and a main ingredient in her cooking .
turning back , she reminded him to stop by the spice shop and get some ras el - hanoot , shopkeeper 's spice mixture and a main ingredient in her cooking .
first though , he stopped at his favorite spice emporium owned by old hassan and his son , filled with fifty or more kinds of spices and herbs and carrying his favorite ras el - hanoot mixture to use in cooking .
this ` ` shopkeepers '' spice mixture varied from shop to shop and contained a blend of cinnamon , mace flowers , turmeric , nutmeg , coriander , black pepper and more .
the flask was where i had left it , but now it contained a substance like wax or resin , pale yellow in colour and faintly aromatic , redolent of spices or exotic herbs .
nick had taught her that trick , somewhere in an indonesian slum that smelled strongly of fish , spices and raw sewage , many years back .
a few minutes later , he came back with the food , the spices reviving david , and beer cooling his mouth .
they ambled through chinatown , and smelled roasting duck , hot sesame oil , and a wash of spices .
she turned down the heat to simmer and added from the spice rack : powdered garlic , 6 bay leaves , a teaspoon full of peppercorns and some dried onions .
the room itself smelled like wood , leaves , and ginger spices .
i pulled the wool material over my head , taking in the scent of oranges and spice .
the divine perfume of the tropics , the incense of pimento and no end of spices that she used to inhale in the markets of columbia , and all those glorious miles of bougainvillea and jonquil which filled the city she once called her home , were exactly what she wanted now .
` i got these spices in south america . '
` oh no , not the paraguayan spices ! '
this is indias version of tequila , boy , brewed from spices .
his breath was hot and rhythmic upon her face and he smelled of spice and tobacco smoke .
the smell as he carefully opened the boxes was incredible ; rich , fragrant and hinted with delicate spice .
papa shipped spices in from all over the world so we could make our rooms smell like sunshine or the sea or whatever we wished .
eddie slapped sam lightly on the back to let him know he had arrived and caught a good whiff of sams old spice for his trouble .
she checked the expiration date on packages of spices .
those are the spices for pizza .
she picked up the spice packages and marched out of the kitchen .
bertha showed her the cockroach and tossed the spice packages on her desk .
i found a package of spices that had long since expired .
between the 16th and 18th century , the portuguese , dutch , swedes , british and brandenburg - prussians scrambled for control of the trade in gold , ivory , spices and slaves .
its the whole reason i wanted to make them , rachel said as she left the table and went back to the kitchen cabinets looking through daniels spices and such .
she knew he was a user , despite his attempts to pass off the exotic smells drifting through his house as indian spices .
i ran over to the shelf where the spices were kept .
the only significant light on the street was from a corner grocery and spice store where the owner had strung a line of bare bulbs beneath a canvass canopy to spotlight his outside display of cassavas , melons and mangoes .
a victorian spice box made of stained oak and decorated with carved , leafy designs on the wall behind her seemed to make her complexion more golden .
it was more enjoyable for her to fill up on the shrimp and rice on the side , even though that had been doused in cajun spices .
i ve never been able to stomach spices .
oh , heres one for $ 24.99 , the spice market buffet , located at planet hollywood .
reading reviews on the spice market buffet .
he gives the spice market buffet five stars , the highest possible rating .
nuts , spices and strange fruits the man from del monte had neither said yey or nay to .
` ` i think you can assist me young lady , rather than sitting on your butt ; '' marissa slid a breadboard filled with washed vegetables towards her , ` ` ' sasha you can fix the rice , and frank how about mixing the spices ; you were always good at that ? ''
chief cook why did much spices appeared on this food ?
the company built this fort in 1644 , to secure its trade lines and commercial interests in the spice trade .
i too could do with some , but we need corean spices for that and the preparation will take time .
that is a good idea , i can also buy kimchi and some spices .
the food looked delicious and the spices smell was exotic .
hopes cigar remained close to his nostrils ; reputedly from british cameroon , it reminded him of the burning spice rooms in bombay , which remained the most beautiful fragrances he had ever experienced .
he added bath spice left behind by an old girlfriend it had been over a year ago now : she had left him before the water could even get cold .
it was rich in gold as well as the spices they originally sought .
they ordered thai food and then laughed at each other as the spices made their eyes water .
this is a rare treat ordered right off the endanger spices menu .
the particles soaked into the oil of the curry and became indistinguishable from other spices .
like the spice ? ''
he sprung from the bed , pulled on a pair of brown shorts , slipped into a crisp white shirt , strapped on his cartier then splashed on a little old spice .
at any moment this entire square , stolid with flutes and spices , could solidify altogether , trapping us in this brutal moment .
sister aruna maria hurried down an alleyway behind the spice markets , forcing her old feet to move faster , stumbling a little as she pushed off the walls that loomed above her .
there were shops selling carpets and sweet tea , men in suits and fez hats playing chess , fabric shops and sacks overflowing with grain and flour , spices , dates and walnuts , apricots and almonds .
the damp morning air was redolent with old spice .
i studied her face for a moment and then walked to the spice rack and pulled out the nutmeg and brought it to gram .
i breathed in his old spice .
i breathed in the candle 's aroma of cherry spice and let my mind wander .
some spices burn .
it looks like the stuff in one of the jars in his mother 's spice rack .
miss rose purchased spices for that nights masterpiece from a happy cashier .
after miss rose dropped off her spices , and made a couple of preparations for that nights dinner , they returned underground to their apartments .
anna , his mother had even tried taking sasha under her wing , moulding her into some sort of posh spice clone .
bond bought a packet of royal blend at a small general store that smelled of spices .
there was a cool , musty scent of spices and coffee and , as bond followed the watchman down the central passageway , a sudden strong wave of mint .
' a little place in the spice bazaar . '
the car went back over the galata bridge and drew up outside the vaulted arcades of the spice bazaar .
and this spice business is good cover for us all .
i am now the leading spice merchant in turkey .
while the faithful scurried to mosques , the rest of the city carried on without a glance ; raucous university students drank beer , businessmen closed deals , merchants hawked spices and rugs , and tourists watched it all in wonder .
the spice bazaar looked larger than most american malls , and langdon could see people streaming in and out of its enormous arched doorway .
she 's on a bus near the spice bazaar , heading for- '' ` ` one moment , please , '' the operator said .
with that , langdon dashed down the hill after sienna , who was running directly toward the crowds milling around the spice bazaar .
chapter 95 istanbul 's three - hundred - year - old spice bazaar is one of the largest covered marketplaces in the world .
built in the shape of an l , the sprawling complex has eighty - eight vaulted rooms divided into hundreds of stalls , where local merchants zealously hawk a mind - boggling array of edible pleasures from around the world - spices , fruits , herbs , and istanbul 's ubiquitous candylike confection , turkish delight .
burgeoning casks of exotic spices lined the way - indian curry , iranian saffron , chinese flower tea - their dazzling colors creating a tunnel of yellows , browns , and golds .
he peered through the trees back in the direction of the spice bazaar and saw the running lights of an aircraft skimming up over the hill and streaking toward the docks .
there was cold roast lamb , fried chicken , yellow saffron rice , quince jam and tangerines and peaches and soetekoekjes , almond - topped spice cookies .
belem eventually flourished thanks to the riches - mainly spices - that poured into the country from the new world .
he was a fixture in ada , trudging down the sidewalks in coat and tie with his heavy sample case filled with food supplements , spices , and kitchen products .
he recalled his father trudging along the hot sidewalks of ada with his bulky sample cases , peddling vanillas and spices .
the air had that faint diesel odor of all cities , with touches of asian spices and garlic .
with a pang , he saw the small revolver - a smith and wesson .22 - mounted on a bracket near the spice rack .
the place , dim and dingy , smelled of sesame oil , five - spice powder , and the bubbling contents of a deep fryer from which egg rolls and breaded chicken parts were periodically lifted .
bourne wove through the spice and vegetable areas to the rear , where the butchers and the meat vendors had their stalls .
there was something planted in the cloister , an herb or spice , whose scent he found pleasant and familiar .
berengaria smelled of spice and salt spray , scents moira liked .
he walked aimlessly to the balcony doors and instinctively breathed deeply ; there was the faint , very faint , aroma of vanilla with the slightest trace of a spice .
no spices , garlic , or hot pepper .
then , maybe , just maybe , one chance day the ship would come back , weather - beaten , its sails heaving into view , its hull riding low in the channel waters , loaded with spices from india , or silks from china , or tea , or coffee , or rum , or sugar .
the smell of gorg is dust and heaped dead flies and ancient urns of buried spice .
it was something classic and masculine , like old spice - another surprise .
he smelled like old spice and sweat .
they sat around a fire , eating trout that had been seasoned with fresh spices and seared on a stone among the embers .
from the spice rack on the counter she plucked a small plastic bottle and returned to her chair .
made a dry rub from the available spices in the kitchen and worked it into the meat .
the anaan was taking on an important cargo of spices for transfer to athens , and ezio remembered enough from his early days when his father was one of the major bankers of florence to know that this cargo would make the anaan a tempting target for any pirate , no matter how great a fear the name of piri reis might strike in them .
eighteen yusuf dived behind a row of spice barrels , with ezio close behind him .
` ` by allah , i thought he 'd run away , '' said yusuf , sidestepping and tripping him up , so that , carried by the weight of his own momentum , he careered forward and crashed heavily into one of the spice barrels , falling headlong into a fragrant heap of yellow powder , where he lay immobile .
twenty - three they made their way through the market streets and the massive , glittering maze of the souk itself , the splendid , frenetic , gold - and - red grand bazaar , with its myriad lanes of little shops selling everything from scents to spices to sheepskins to costly persian carpets from isfahan and kabul , cedarwood furniture , swords and armor , brass and silver coffeepots with snaking spouts and elongated necks , tulip - shaped glasses for tea and larger , slender ones for sharbat - a cornucopia selling everything in the world a man could imagine or desire , amid a babel of traders ' voices raised in at least a dozen different languages .
later on , he knew , he had a rendezvous with yusuf at the spice market , and he had to be fresh for that .
the spice market was already crowded by the time ezio reached it , though he had contented himself with a mere two hours ' rest .
ezio shouldered his way through the people milling around the stalls until , a few yards ahead of him , he saw a thief in the act of grabbing a large , stiff bag of spices , giving the elderly trader who tried to stop him a vicious shove as he made his getaway .
sixty apart from the fact that its hall was deep underground , the market was much as any other - stalls selling meat , vegetables , spices - whose odors were everywhere , and even denser than they would have been in the open air - clothes , shoes - whatever the people needed .
where the street had held the scent of the city , of baking and perfumes and spices , in here was the stench of suffering , of death and human waste .
and we will expand our trade routes across the seas and bring home spices and treasures undreamed of since marco polo 's time ! '
we poured every spice we could find into the skillet , and within minutes , the kitchen had filled with smoke .
what brings you here , sicilian spice ? ''
the water thunked into my raised hand , and i set it on the coffee table unopened , thoughts of alcatraz 's spice drifting through my head .
the air smelled of camphor and spices .
he put spices away in his fully stocked cupboards .
her touch was soft and dry , and she smelled of exotic spices sophronia could not place .
he smelled of musk and man and dark spices - all scents normally guaranteed to set my hormones a - dancing .
hundreds of them , tiny pinpoints of light releasing a soothing aroma of spice and the scents of healing .
he smelled of wood and spice .
as he fed on her honeyed spice , his hands stripped the edges of the shirt aside so that he could cup the fullness of her breasts , reveling in her body , her softness .
he smelled of spice and woods .
red tangy spice burned my tongue .
she 'd smell the leather - and - spice scent of him , feel the kick of his pulse , see the sparks of amber heat fill his irises and the sharp white glint of his emerging fangs , when the desire he held in check so rigidly betrayed itself to her despite his best efforts to contain it .
but thankfully , there was another scent overpowering those hospital smells , and it was all warm spice and leather .
i was so cold , and he smelled like old spice .
` ` i 'll make garlic bread , '' she said brightly , hair swinging as she tugged open the cupboard door to the spices .
the scent of old spice puffed up , and i could n't help my smile when he awkwardly dropped back .
but overpowering that was the warm scent of spice and leather .
hiding my smile , i rummaged in my spice rack to find my vial of celandine syrup .
how comprehensive is your knowledge of herbs and spices ?
sebastian lived in a four - family unit in downtown dullsville next to the sugar and spice restaurant .
she did n't detect cologne , only the trace scents of mint and leather , and something darker , like an exotic spice she could not name .
within minutes , esme 's hands were wrapped around a cup of hot chocolate with a bit of her grandmother 's special spice .
the little lesser from the park , the one who 'd smelled like old spice , got out of an otherwise empty car .
dark spices .
a wave of dark spice wafted across the bedroom , and stunned him into silence .
the dark spices were unique to him , and about as far as you could get from the sickening stench of a lesser .
that was the reason he 'd reacted the way he had -- and was also the cause of those dark spices she 'd scented around him since she 'd gotten out of lash 's prison : sometime during the weeks of her brutal holiday , john 's attraction and respect for her had jelled into the irrevocable .
opening up the door , she got hit with her mate 's bonding scent : those dark spices were barreling down the hall ... and there he was , at the other end , standing tall outside her office .
there was a strange scent lingering in the air ... something like dark spices ?
and that was n't all : dark spices wafted up from him , the scent a warning to the other man that the female being admired was available only over manuel 's cold , dead body .
it was cramped with two people , and it smelled like old spices and vinegar , from where shane had dropped the bottle a few weeks back .
did she need to pick the cinnamon , or would it be okay to just get it out of the spice cupboard ?
he actually smelled quite nice - a mix of sage and sharp spice .
` ` there 's this place in vegas - adessa 's herbs and spices . ''
she gave a small breathless wave and continued stacking the spice shakers on the table .
ivy 's hand jerked , and the chili peppers knocked into the oregano , and the entire tower of spices collapsed , crashing right into ivy 's full cup of lemonade and sending it flying .
his nostrils filled with the chemical stench of cleaning products and the sickly sweet odor of old animal blood and spices .
jenna sighed as the heat from his body and the scent of him -- leather and spice and strong , deadly male -- enveloped her .
i walked over and was surprised to practically find a spice cabinet .
the air was warm and moist from his shower , scented with milled soap and his dark spices .
but then she smelled dark spices and could only think of holding him .
well , that and the fact that luke and michael smelled exactly the same , like dark spices .
we 'd trade for spices in india .
the heavy stride informed her it was a dragon ; the scent of spice and darkness informed her it was tagart .
` ` a few extra spices , '' donna said , smiling proudly .
one could buy fancy fabrics here , right from florence , i supposed , and lace from north and south it seemed , and oriental spices .
i smelled the cedar and the spices and the smoke that saturated the wood beneath its plating . ]
god , i loved a man who wore old spice .
through their fragrance eleazar smelled darker scents : bitter salts and acrid spices gathered according to an ancient essene text .
` ` cinnamon was a rare spice during ancient times , '' she lectured .
the detective 's clean , soapy scent filled my nose , overpowering the cumin , red pepper , and other spices in the air .
in the spice rack .
he smelled of old spice and peppermint .
i breathed in again , and the aroma was gone , replaced by the usual swirl of spices .
rows and rows of wooden shelves , filled with cans and jars , a huge spice rack , fifty - pound bags of sugar , flour , rice ... three large freezers filled with meat .
masks , large glass jars full of mysterious herbs and spices , dolls , chicken bones , bits of ribbon , and figurines with impossibly large phalluses cluttered every inch of available space .
a tiny spark of instinctual alarm flared in me and mixed with an overwhelming need to have him , like spice adding a punch of heat to a dish .
the windows in the castle hallways must ' ve been opened to vent the air heated with human breath and still - warm food , and a draft flowed from below , bringing with it a hint of spices and stirring the long blue - and - silver banners on the wall to the left of me .
now the air began to be flavored with a heady blend of musk , burnt sugar , and spice - bones 's scent , sharper and stronger .
i leaned over and stroked his lips with mine a touch hungrily , tasting spice and tobacco .
his blood was laced with dark spice .
his hot , dark spice blood ran over my tongue and i moaned , gripping the back of his neck .
in answer , i hummed delicately , and then i let myself go back into the fog of dark spice .
his scent engulfed her , filling her nostrils with the smell of fresh air tinted with the crisp hint of spices .
lengths of tied garlic hung beside the stove and tightly sealed jars of herbs and spices stood in neat rows upon the counters .
it was a different spice and one i now recognized a little - henri and gervais had it in a small amount , as did robert .
the exotic spice part was old , but the other - i had no idea .
by the time i 'd wake up , the whole house was suffused with the aroma of roasted turkey and a conglomeration of spices from the stuffing and pies - rosemary , thyme , nutmeg , cinnamon .
smoke wafted thickly from the end , smelling of spice and perfume .
you 'll see that a brass plaque has been affixed above the entrance , to wit : hoc shipping , purveyors of fine spices and other rare goods from the orient .
she will proceed to new york city , debark them , and then she will set sail for burma and load a cargo of spices , silks , and whatever else the orient has to offer .
chapter 34 j. e. fletcher representative , house of chen boston , massachusetts , usa journal entry , july 27 , 1809 it was with great satisfaction that i greeted the arrival of charlie chen 's vessel , la ciudad de lisbon , with its cargo of rich spices , silks , et cetera , for it meant that i would soon be able to leave this place and all of its sorrow behind me .
they were pirates who looted spanish galleons and smuggled what they stole into n'awlins , sellin ' everything from spices and furniture to flesh and blood .
the scent of smoke and spice filled me .
hello , my name ees lebkuchen spice , and i vant to show you my cooooookies ... . '' ` ` do n't be rude ! ''
like the members of * nsync whose initials were n't jt ; or all the backstreet boys and spice girls .
i took a spare baggie of lebkuchen spice cookies out of my bag and handed it to the doorman .
which is why we must always use other spices . ''
her czech was freshly acquired ( by wish , not study ; karou collected languages , and that 's what brimstone always gave her for her birthday ) and it had still tasted strange on her tongue , like a new spice .
his scent was warm and full : spice and salt , the pungent leather of his mask , and something rich and deep that she could n't identify but that made her want to lean into him , close her eyes , and breathe .
she brought candles for ellai , and cones of frangible , the moon 's favorite spice , and she smuggled out food fit for lovers , which they ate with their fingers after love .
the fever had come down ; nur 's spice and poultice had worked , and sarazal 's big dark eyes , when they fluttered open , were much clearer than when sveva had looked at them last .
he smelled faintly of old spice .
aislin pointed out the window at a redbrick building with the words adessa 's herbs and spices printed across the door .
inside of adessa 's herb 's and spice 's , the air smelled of sage and a few other spices that i could n't quite identify .
the smel of leather and spice enveloped her and ari hated that it was n't an unpleasant scent .
` ` noah said to consider them spices . ''
` ` i made some spices using plants i found in the woods , '' eric replies .
an exotic spice ?
combing the markets for spices and bangles and a very particular kind of slipper has given the trip a sort of shape , allowing me to forget that it 's actually an exile .
i think he wears a newer version of old spice .
love the spices . ''
the air here is scented with the greasy smell of fried meat , and a pleasant aroma , like some sort of spice .
from a local apothecary i purchased some herbs and spices - cloves , mallow root , and the like - ingredients that i knew would not be harmful to my customers , even if they proved to be of no actual help , medically speaking .
she really did n't want to sit on ben 's itchy blue basement couch , picking oregano spices out of her teeth and rolling her tongue around the inside of his mouth .
ground - up spices waited in small , clear prep bowls , and a half - chopped leek lay limply on their cutting board .
` ` when i first got into botany , my mom gave me a spice rack to organize my seeds .
aria could smell his skin from across the room , a blend of soap and spices .
and i smell him : his calming scent of spices .
the rum , the spices , the women ... '' ` ` but where is el diablo rojo , flaco ? ''
longshot offered various pouches of spices ; i examined them with a sniff before deciding which ones to add to the soup .
the exotic smell from spices i had never experienced before drifted my way and my stomach rumbled .
he set the bowl of steaming stew in front of me and then returned to a large , cast iron pot that simmered with the delicious spices only india had to offer .
in the breeze , i could smell the exotic spices and freshly baked bread .
when i walked into the kitchen , he was busy stirring something on the stove and adding spices from different glass containers .
i make three trips back inside the ship , my last lugging a pot full of spices and boxes of powdered broth .
the air smel ed like febreze and indian spices .
celaena swallowed , her mouth still tasting of those spices they used to season their meat .
all around celaena were spices and jewels and clothes and food , some sold right out of brightly painted wagons , others spread on blankets in shadowy alcoves .
ancient doors opened onto small courtyards jammed with spice vendors or a hundred lanterns , glittering like stars in the shadowy interior .
beneath the smell of spices and horses lay a foundation of filth , blood , and spoiled milk .
the santo domingo , for that is what she turned out to be , was newly back from the orient and was filled with spices , rare silver treasures , and fine silk .
dear higgins , i have become quite spoiled , i know , as i pull out the chicken pieces , the potato pie , the hard - cooked eggs seasoned with the spices we took from the santo domingo .
a faint scent of spice and ocean invaded my nose , the subtle smell drowning out the heavier smells of the bar .
come see our fine wares , our delicate fabrics , and spices we bring from the orient !
the sixth other passenger is a mr . obadiah skelton , a businessman from new york , who was securing some spice contracts in rangoon and is traveling back to the states to enjoy his newfound success .
hey , it 's easier to get from boston to burma than from gibraltar to there , the spice trade and all .
your ever devoted sister and friend , jacky chapter 39 ` ` come , mairead , the captain has given us permission to visit this great city in the company of my dear husband today , as higgins is off to buy spices and other supplies for the captain 's table , and we '' -i poke mairead in the side and give her a wink- '' shall see what we will see . ''
` ` nay , sister , it is but a spice called curry .
higgins has long since contrived a potion consisting of pepper , lime juice , horseradish , garlic , curry , and other spices he has picked up in these exotic lands , along with tomato juice , and lastly a good , stiff dollop of rum , and that concoction manages to get a grumpy captain laughton back on his feet again and in reasonably good humor .
` ` pork blood , fats , oats , barley , some spices ... . '' her gag reflex immediately kicked in and she shook her head .
that smelled of food ( unpleasant food , to coraline 's mind , but she knew that was a matter of taste : she did not like spices , herbs , or exotic things ) .
a round table in the center of the room had already been set with white pottery bowls that steamed around the edges of their lids , smelling of spices and simmering stew .
the place smelled of cooking fires , sweat , and exotic spices .
she 'd already devoured the three books she 'd carried with her from rifthold , and not one of the shops in innish had a single book for sale - only spices , fish , out - of - fashion clothing , and nautical gear .
a cooling breeze pushed past , bringing with it the spices from the vendors lining the nearby street - nutmeg , thyme , cumin , lemon verbena .
never wander through the spice market or hear the mountain bells .
vendors bearing everything from apples to spices to pocket watches were suddenly eager to chat , so long as they sold something .
still , there were other times : when their eyes met and his scent deepened to a complex spice and then her heart gave this little jump .
then , incredibly , a scent of musk and sweet smoke and spice that tugged her heart .
she smelled vaguely of oriental spices .
there they indulged in beverages made from herbs and fruits from the mountains enhanced with spices from distant lands .
there were tiny soup bowls with a myriad of different aromas and tastes and textures , steamed and grilled vegetables , masterfully prepared and seasoned with the most fragrant of spices , meats of every kind imaginable , cooked in countless ingenious ways , and a variety of bread which he could have never imagined before .
we had seen a bear in the park by the boil but it disappeared before i could get to the gun , or bear steaks would have been on the menu , we had collected an ample supply of spices and our vegetable garden was planted , the only trouble was keeping out the varmints .
captain jamieson scanned his messages , then took a quick shower and put on a fresh uniform- along with the now traditional splash of old spice .
mistress kathryn ; she always adds those spices to pork , tis my favourite .
these kingdoms yielded rich spices and herbs and the valued silk so revered by the women of the lion kingdom . ''
at their sides there were spices envelopes and juices bottles and dried beans packages .
think about it , every mall has a candle store and they all smell of perfume or spices , so these folk must have been doing some back to nature gig and was i ever unqualified to join .
his breath smelled of garlic , some other spice i could nt place , and more than a little alcohol .
it was filled with what looked like huge shrimp , coated with spices and bursting out of their shells .
lifting the lid of a huge , smoking pot , odjo delicately sprinkled the contents with a few grains of red powdered spice , and sniffed the escaping steam .
your cook has a way with spices .
the pan was filled with the gifts of the valley including fruits , berries and nuts then mixed delicately with dried spices and soon the airs of the small cave were alive with flavor .
without waiting for us , the man bustled about the kitchen , grabbing a massive soup kettle , setting it to boil , and digging in the spice drawer .
a spice seller was nt difficult to find because it gave an aroma that made ones mouth water and he bought a sack of purified sea salt and put the contents inside the bag .
the marketplace had spice stalls , beer kegs , wine bottles , and exotic animals from the south ; elven jewelry , elven knives , and costly reams of spidersilk from the north ; scented woods and moose antlers from the west ; and things brand had never seen before .
gold and spices .
they had a great use for spices from the far isles , though , which took up little space and could be sold for an impressive price .
whatever the cargo had been , it had rotted dry years ago but the fragrance remained : herbs and spices from the far east .
jaybird slipped up close to me , so close i discerned the aroma of old spice from his mornings shave and the hint of onions on his breath , and said , there are stories i do nt believe them you understand , jaybird ventured , but it has been said your pa was , uh , involved in something a long time ago and whatever that , uh , something from his past , however innocent it might have been , was they wo nt let him forget it !
brynn gazed at the scene in fascination , overwhelmed by the scent of unknown spices and the hubbub of many voices speaking a strange tongue .
the english invented the spice girls , said goodspeed .
duke , meanwhile , was grilling a steak for breakfast , standing at the stove in only his red - hearts - and - polka - dots - covered boxer shorts and an apron bearing the slogan , the spice must flow .
spice and triangle had both returned from the town by the time she climbed back onto the deck , and as soon as he saw the state she was in spice went to fetch a jar of ointment from his locker .
a moment later a couple of imperial guards threw spice down beside her , and she caught one of them muttering ` ` bloody foreigners ! ''
` ` i ' m not caring about the empire anyway , '' spice added , a vicious glint in his eyes .
spice somersaulted from the boat , obviously as delighted as anyone to have reached dry land , and jogged over to a small fruit cart parked in the shade of the city wall .
they were interrupted when spice returned , carrying an armful of large , bright orange spheres .
his face was dark and pointed like spice 's , and eleanor guessed he was another native of taraska .
i m thinking fifty of each of the following : camels , bags of salt , and bushels of dried fruits , grain , spices , and coffee .
* * * rotherhithe wyatts sister , susan , walked into the corner shop in the lower road , before the bell had stopped ringing the familiar smell of spices and dried fruit had assailed her nostrils .
other parts of the country have their own flavor of the culinary delights they specialize in and i m not about to disparage the wonderful cajun spices of louisiana or the bountiful seafood available on the upper east coast but for overall greatness one only has to visit big d to enjoy the most mouth - watering meals this great earth has to offer .
evidently , the spice isles , or moluccas , were not mere figments of the imagination like some of the creations of john mandeville , a popular author .
on another occasion his father had required him to make an inventory of all the furniture , jewellery and artwork in their house , which he was proposing to use as collateral for a loan to invest in a ship going to constantinople for spices .
that was pigafettas first brush with the economics of the spice trade .
dom lvaro has suggested a way for us to get paid , for you to get your ships and dom manuel to establish trade with the spice isles .
no wonder he was interested in the spice isles , where money grew on trees , poor fellow .
he was a living specimen of the creatures who inhabited the spice isles , and nothing like the monsters of myth and fable so feared in europe .
it is the kingdom of java and we have much spice which is desired by foreigners and also other things which are good to eat .
we trade to malacca and also cathay and what you call taprobane with spice and betel and sandalwood and rice and fish .
since henriqu spoke the language of the spice isles , pigafetta decided to learn it and began collecting words as he had once collected butterflies as a child .
i will certainly find the spice isles and the line of demarcation and finish off his work .
these are not spice ships , but men of war .
at dinner that night , the captain general speculated that the portuguese fleet would follow the sailing directions for the spice fleet : a call at the cape verde islands and then a course south of west across the ocean sea .
do you swear to uphold the regulations of the armada and contribute to our purpose , which is to find el paso and the spice isles ?
had vespucci sailed to 72 degrees of latitude he would have found el paso , the passage through the continent of the new world leading to the south sea and hence to the spice isles and cathay .
the purpose is to find el paso and the spice isles .
i ca nt see this fleet completing the voyage to the spice isles with cartagena in it .
i am here to inform you that the armada will shortly depart from this place and proceed to el paso and then the spice isles , but you wo nt be coming .
instead , he repeated the dogma , this fleet is bound for the spice isles by way of el paso and if el paso does not lie around the next headland , then we will continue until we find it .
their destination , however , was not xanadu but the spice isles .
no one knew how big the world was and the captain general did not know how far were the line of demarcation and his old shipmate , who awaited them in the spice isles .
all knew , however , that such a terrible voyage could never be undertaken again and a westwards route to the spice isles would never be possible .
some wondered whether these were the spice isles , but no .
these islands lay in about ten degrees of latitude and the spice isles were on the equator .
captain general , why have we come to ten degrees of latitude when the spice isles lie on the equinoctial line ?
one , paco has written that although there are abundant spices in the spice isles , food is not so plentiful .
one , paco has written that although there are abundant spices in the spice isles , food is not so plentiful .
we need to stock up on our food before we approach the spice isles .
there are only five spice isles : ternate , tidore , mutir , macchian and bacchian , so i need at least another two .
we are travelling to the spice isles , which you call maluku , but we can trade anything .
we still have to get to the spice isles .
without magellans iron rule they blundered westwards for no real reason instead of southwards towards their destination the spice isles .
if carvalho had forgotten their mission , pigafetta had not but in vain he pointed out that the spice isles lay on the equinoctial line ten degrees of latitude to the south .
this is not the spice isles , pigafetta said .
ill have you back in chains if you do nt take us to the spice isles .
those three pilots deceived us , telling us they were taking us to the spice isles .
the captain general knew where the spice isles are .
we trade gold and spices for guns .
the bark is the spice so valuable in europe .
it was the first sign that the armada might be getting close to the spice isles .
the governor learned that the armada searched for the spice isles , and said his prau had a pilot who knew about the spice isles .
the governor learned that the armada searched for the spice isles , and said his prau had a pilot who knew about the spice isles .
i am not a navigator and so must rely on you , elcano , to lead us to the spice isles .
he said the spice isles lie on the equator and here we are nearly nine degrees of north latitude and getting farther away from the equator , not closer .
no progress had been made in the search for the spice isles since magellans death .
my pilot tells me these are the spice isles , he said , although we have been in these parts before .
pigafetta was sure these were not the spice isles .
this pilot thought spices meant cinnamon and did not know about cloves .
serrano had in some respect been the reality of the almost mythical spice isles and magellan had often spoken of him as a partner in the enterprise of the armada de moluccas .
the five spice isles , ternate , tidore , mutir , macchian and bacchian lay in a line straddling the equator .
we have not yet loaded all the spices we have paid for .
as the spices came in from other islands , trade grew even brisker and queues formed at the trading post on tidores shore .
of the 270 men who had sailed from seville , forty - three departed the spice isles in victoria together with sixteen natives to help them work the ship .
you see , after we left the spice isles , it was eight months before we landed again , partly because of the incompetence of juan sebastian elcano , accursed be his name .
but the most stupid of his mistakes was he sent men ashore with cloves from the spice isles to pay for the food .
over on a wall were shelves of bottled and labeled spices .
tiffa , meeka or whoever does most of the cooking has nearly three dozen dried spices which over half were peppers .
they ordered a spice soup , cheese and bread with an apple pie slice for dessert .
the room was filled with food and spices and only one man worked and preferred to be alone .
you are the secret ingredient , the special spice in the sauce as it were .
he provides his customers around his store with the rice or corn , the fish , the salt , the vinegar , the spices needed for the daily cooking .
chilli a very hot spice used in indian cooking .
the smells of the spices in the soup warmed and cleared his nostrils .
he unexpectedly found himself very intrigued by the power one could wield with the knowledge to manipulate simple herbs and spices .
alexander built a massive spit and used magic to rotate it continuously ; thereby freeing his hands to season the hippo with his private collection of ancient spices grown from the gardens of atlantis .
thousands flocked the gypsum pavements carrying baskets and bundles full of foods and spices that they hurriedly rested upon the canal surface in offer to those returning from war .
a little rouge , face powder and a subtle fragrance like spices that he could n't tell where it was coming from , but he knew it was part of her .
leading the array was the sickly sweet scent of bhang , followed up by the fug of black shag tobacco , the organic corruption of dung , and surprisingly , old spice aftershave , all of which contributed to the miasma .
he swings it over his shoulder while staring at the vista of merchants selling everything from flowers to exotic spices .
he unfolds the cardboard flaps to see several bottles of various kinds of spices inside .
the ship returns from the orient mostly with tea , rice , and spices .
it was tucked away between the cooker and the spice rack if you can believe it . ''
his mom would lightly flour them , then sear them in olive oil and some spices .
bindi had furnished liz with an official letter confirming her employment at the spice of rajasthan .
in particular i m looking for those that deal in food , spices or anything else that i can bring back to mavis .
the spices made my nose run , and the beer made my dining companions laugh and reminisce .
i saw the first mate climbing onto the deck then scatted in a panic towards the cargo hold with sugar , spices , pottery , and other tangible items , gasps then views skippy .
three main spices : salt , pepper , and ketchup god , country and football .
others think it is like chicken then add some spices its chili .
lets continue our history lesson marco polo traveled to china in the year 1275 carrying back home to spain spices , jewels and silks .
we were headed to niveh with a load of spices and silk .
they needed spices ; salt , pepper , something to hide the lack of flavor in the low quality vegetables .
i got out the spices and covered the pink chicken in smoked paprika and salt with trembling hands .
the spice tea was a bit pungent but nil liked it and got refreshed after a few gulps .
the spice tea had worked like magic , he thought .
they waited there for some time and were entertained with spice tea .
william , liz , and billy carried all the fruits , vegetables , spices , milk , and medicine that they could carry .
after breakfast , william flew with his best mongol speakers to the capital , where they bought fresh fruit , vegetables , bread , milk , spices , and medicine .
they smelled the aromas of spices , fish , and perfumes .
you sure do know how to add spices to that ragu sauce . ''
of course , the reason he paid it no mind was because he 'd lost his sense of smell thirty years ago in an unfortunate spice sniffing contest .
merchants and traders still traveled to and from amlaman each springtime and harvest bringing furs from noras and returning with spices and fruits from amlaman .
he flavored it with spices as he steadily stirred the pot .
the moonlight possessed a special spice that enhanced the power given to him upon an altar in a distant glade .
i immediately knew it was poison , since we do nt have any white spices of any kind , and even if we did , who puts spice in tea ?
she then added some spices , leaves and some old gnarly looking potatoes .
a portuguese slave - galley carrying natives to be sold in the markets of genoa docked in the harbour , bringing with it spices , silks and the reek of death .
they d brought luxury goods from the east , silks and spices and wonderfully woven carpets , transported overland in caravans or on donkeys , across snowbound steppes and mountain passes and loaded onto the ships at ports all along the african coastline .
i bring the wizards some of the finest spices and delicacies in veredor .
my grandmother is always cooking with this crazy spice she loves .
he wore some sort of old spice and he always smelled vaguely of the outdoors .
others were filled with an abundance of spices and large quantities of olive oil .
cabbage , ham , potatoes , corn , carrots , and some secret spices .
what spice did you use in the stew ? ''
emperor gaius ' original intention when he set forth from the white palace towards noba was not peace but had been actually to conquer the spice route - a main supply artery that led across the ocean and directly into the n'bari mountains .
when his imminent demise became inevitable , gaius switched strategies and offered the n'bari chieftains a compromise : lycania would trade its many sought - after spices , wheat and wines in exchange for fighters from noba , which they could then train as gladiators to serve as entertainment for the people of the empire .
the old priest glanced over at the spices he d used and had not yet remembered to put back , but they were just the normal ones .
to the far wall , perpendicular to the door , was the cast iron stove and the low sink , along with the shelves that held boxes and jars of food and cooking spices .
he asked , indicating another bowl in front of her that held apples coated in several different spices .
almost like a spice shop and a tea shop combined together with a campfire .
he mixed a combination of spices , adding in a pinch of a rare herb , and set the powder on fire in a small bowl .
asked gaspar as he was pouring some spices in the boiling mixture .
he did nt gawk as his two friends did when they walked past a minor backstreet market , or choke over food lightly dusted with spices he had nt tasted before .
they were standing by a stall selling herbs and spices from the east , including tiny pots of pepper for a silver ring each .
he wore the colours of a spice trader .
inside were vials of spices and several silver coins , along with handwritten receipts and several copper trens .
stepping outside , she breathed in deep and allowed the smells of the city to entice her : mead , blood , meat , fruits , spices , perfume .
though my hands retain their skill , i can not tell out the weights and measures of my spices , for instance , and i must identify one from the next by smell and touch alone .
the fragrance of a sweet spice , blended with the warmth of the mage - superiors chaste embrace , clouded korstens senses .
all the different hues in her hair were brought out and enhanced , and her hair was the color of rich spices .
the aroma of the herbs and spices wafted through the room .
they carried traveling supplies for the trade of dried meat , fur pelts and spices .
she is also a dab hand with the spices .
they gave up their spices , dispensing with fineries like basil , sage and chives , and sought solace in prayer and meditation .
and this he pursued most deviously , aided by the inheritance of the widow , whose passing he had hastened with arduous lovemaking combined with goose - like fattening ; first he found an elderly scribe drowning in debt from a life of dissolution , and paid him to forge a document by which the king appointed him successor to the high servant ; then , after king fazen had unknowingly placed him in this eminent post , provoking the low - ranking servants justified wrath , veig unleashed a pest of discord , suspicion and outright hatred in the spirit home , by slandering , bribing and threatening various servants , all the while making himself the high servants pet with shows of gratitude and servility such as personally preparing the old mans elaborate meals and mulling his wine with strong spices , whose flavour covered the acrid taste of the powdered mushrooms with which he was slowly but steadily poisoning him ( at least his humble past on his fathers side had taught him a thing or two ) .
raddia waited another moment and then tossed the spices into the burning pan first the yellow and then the red one , and stirring them swiftly with a wooden spoon she lowered her head and took a deep breath , inhaling greedily the wonderful smell .
he reached into the sleeves of his habit and pulled out a small container filled with herbs and spices , so well packed that it had survived past toil and struggle .
underneath sprouted rows of watermelon , cabbage , broccoli , carrots and green onion with wide areas dedicated to spindly looking spices and herbs .
every spice , every flower , some crossbred and found nowhere else in the world .
twenty - four were the kinds of breads i counted , there were hard breads and soft , white and yellow and brown , plain and filled with spices and fruits .
all other foods were set aside , spices were abandoned , there was no honey , there was no tobacco .
a spice of some sort was under my side , digging into my waist but i dared not attempt to move it and risk making too much noise .
the city was well - known for the abundant spices sold here , and many claimed the food was better here than anywhere else in the kingdom .
i can not remember a time not being surrounded by the scent of mothers special blend of herbs and spices .
approaching the patch , he can smell tears , and the ugly mixed scent of herbs and spices .
chaura bazaar , the busiest market place in ludhiana , a kilometer long stretch of road that extends all the way from clock tower in the west to gha - mandi in the east , a place host to a motley of shops dealing in a variety of goods ranging from clothing to jewelry , from cosmetics to fancy dress props , from spices to books , from musical instruments to decorative embellishments , and along with these , here lies a number of narrow transverse lanes , each a market place in itself specializing in selling one sort of article or another .
he was sure the prince would not know the difference between either spices .
twenty - four hours later , in a spice shop , i met simone again .
9 january she gathered all the things she thought might be necessary : an assortment of spices , a candle and matches , dried rose petals , wine , a bottle of ink and the right pen , a small silver mirror , a tiny bell , two russian thimbles , and a photograph of her grandfather .
she lit the candle , she spread the spices and the rose petals , she even served herself tea .
he liked to sit atop his mushroom with a hookah and smoke various spices .
sometimes the spices were fun and sometimes they were horrifying or made her sick .
or ill beat you up and take whatever stupid spices you re smoking !
she did nt feel all that bad about stealing it , since the caterpillar had judged the spice to be inferior and had essentially thrown it away .
her wild , bug eyes , struggled to focus on alice as she poured the powdered spice into her hand , then she leaned forward and blew a cloud of spice into the bugs face .
alice knew the spice would be wearing off soon .
the caterpillar said , i ve got a bunch of new spices i d like to try on you .
we ve got to test these spices .
amatola added spices , herbs and wild vegetables she found growing in the forest .
prepare the heart to cleave distaste , perchance the spice renew , and learn a gentler tongue , to discern the savry morning dew .
hearing the cooks laments about the lack of interesting spices available to her , aleria had remembered the packs of her mothers special herbs that she had brought with her as presents .
i brought my own spices , my lady .
there were shops dedicated to hunting , others to spices and herbs .
the caught the rules chapter one the changes sleeping ugly the barking detective agency the healing the lost fairy tale a horse for a kingdom charity the most beautiful things ( now includes the last train ) the dream swallowers nyx ; granddaughter of the night jonah and the alligator glastonbury sirens dr jekylls maid the 500 - year circus p the endless game dorian a wyrd girl the wicker slippers heartache high ( vol i ) heartache high : the primer ( vol ii ) heartache high : the wakening ( vol iii ) miss terry charm , merry kris mouse & the silver egg the last angel seecrets the cull dragonsapien the boy in white linen porcelain princess freaking freak in search of spice book 1 of the harrhein saga , the conquest of hind a preview rex sumner published by myvoice publishing at smashwords isbn : 978 - 1 - 909359 - 26 - 0 foreword in search of spicechronicles the first innocent steps that will lead to the conquest of hind by trade , love and grief .
readers can have stories written about themselves or their friends , set in harrhein or even go in search of spice themselves , accompanied by the author , to a secret spice island in the east indies .
readers can have stories written about themselves or their friends , set in harrhein or even go in search of spice themselves , accompanied by the author , to a secret spice island in the east indies .
imitating it creates a carrack , capable of sailing the oceans and volunteers are sought to sail over the edge of the world in search of trade and the valuable spices .
i am pleased to confirm what i suspect you know - we are going to the fabled spice lands , to hind and beyond , and this ship allows us to pass out of sight of spakka pirates and we can bring back the strange and exotic drinks and spices of that fantastic land .
tarinith spotted his friend , barindin , selling spices , incense , and perfumes .
according to the documents , his private shipment contained grain , cloth , ink , and a few spices ; regular commodities for trading .
the masters of the house had quite the collection of spices and herbs in the cellar , said nerys , we will be eating well for months .
if anyone asks why you were n't fighting like any proper man , you can just claim you were concerned for the safety of the spices .
' well , i was planning on paying a visit later to that one spice merchant you ' ve got chartered here .
a spice merchant from muraska , coming to cier'djaal .
he smelled of old spice .
she smelled of spices , of cardamom and nutmeg and flowers .
the queen of sheba , half - demon , they said , on her father 's side , witch woman , wise woman , and queen , who ruled sheba when sheba was the richest land there ever was , when its spices and its gems and scented woods were taken by boat and camel - back to the corners of the earth , who was worshiped even when she was alive , worshiped as a living goddess by the wisest of kings , stands on the sidewalk of sunset boulevard at 2:00 a.m. staring blankly out at the traffic like a slutty plastic bride on a black - and - neon wedding cake .
` ` he says that the pebble did not come back , and that means he will never return to china , '' temeraire translated ; meanwhile jing chao was already handing up his chest of spices and cooking tools to be bundled in with the rest of the gear , evidently as reassured as gong su was distressed .
trade goods were laid out in every corner of the bazaar : sturdy sacks of cotton canvas standing upon the ground full of grains and rare spices and dried fruit ; bolts of silks in queer many - colored patterns of no meaning , neither flowers nor any other image ; gleaming treasure - vault walls of stacked chests , with strips of brass hammered on like gilding ; bright copper jugs hanging and white conical jars half - buried in the ground , for keeping water cool ; and notably many wooden stands displaying an impressive array of knives , their hilts cunningly worked , some inlaid and jeweled , and the blades long and curving and wicked .
they passed by many small rooms , some still touched with a drifting fragrance , sweet and more fragile than roses , which could only be caught now and again by an accidental breath , and faded into the stronger lingering smell of incense and spice if one tried to draw it in .
they had all gradually grown used to the creeping inclusion of oriental spices and preparations in their food , until now they would most likely have noticed their absence more .
he went through his jars and spice - bags hurriedly and brought out a jar of ground red pepper , a few pinches of which laurence had seen him use to flavor an entire cow .
luckless bastard by one p.m. , we had a trunkful of bulk spices .
he did not smell of old spice .
in the male lexicon of labels , the term nancy usually referred to guys who were a little light in their loafers : the kind who made women kill spiders for them , worried about how much starch was in their dry cleaning , and might possibly have a spice rack that was alphabetized .
real men did not have spice racks .
and then it went into the spice market- ' ' ah .
it carried a hint of spices .
oh , people did great things with spices and olives and yams and rice and whatnot , but what he 'd come to crave was the humble potato .
and then think of the horses dragging this stuff , and the windmills ... and the wool coming in , too , every day , the cloth , the tobacco , the spices , the ore , the timber , the cheese , the coal , the fat , the tallow , the hay every damn day .. .
fortunately not too many animals at this time of night , sir , but there were six millers ' wagons , one wagon of , er , dried fruits and spices , four dairymen 's wagons and three hegglers ' carts .
she bought a spice pasty to eat while exploring ( the stallholder carelessly shortchanged her , and only realised later that he had inexplicably handed over two silver pieces ; also , rats mysteriously got in and ate all his stock during the night , and his grandmother was struck by lightning ) .
the air around them reeked of incense and grain and spices and beer , but mainly of the sort of smell that was caused by a high water table , thousands of people , and a robust approach to drainage .
his toes got trodden on , his ribs were bruised , people kept trying to sell him unpleasant spices and suggestively - shaped vegetables , and a rather elderly lady said , against all the evidence , that he looked a well set - up young lad who would like a nice tune .
the breeze , cutting through ankh 's famous smell , brought a hint of spices and fresh bread .
and spices , and all sorts of stuff . '
` ` made from over fifty different rare spices and herbs to a recipe known only to a bunch of ancient monks what live on some mountain somewhere .
it was good and she found the spices quite interesting .
when i 'd added it to taco meat one night , i 'd been banned from the spice cupboard and doled out whatever i needed from cora or joseph in rationed quantities .
the tangy scent of her sweet spice made his entire body seize up .
` ` he scarcely ate at all before ; keynes was of the opinion the strength of spices compensated , to some part , for the inability to smell or taste . ''
gong su was enlisted in the cause , and all but emptied his spice cabinets , making especially vigorous use of his sharpest peppers ; much to the intense disapproval of the herdsmen , who were rousted from a post usually requiring little more than dragging cows from pen to slaughter , and set to stirring pungent cauldrons .
the spices were not easily replaced , however , and gong su shook his head with dissatisfaction over what the dover merchants could provide ; the cost even of this astronomical .
` ` perhaps the red pepper - corns , '' temeraire offered , ` ` or maybe the green ; i do not quite remember , '' he said apologetically , as gong su consulted his spice - box at length in attempts to reproduce the former recipe .
` ` it is just that the wind turned , and they smelled so very good , '' maximus confessed finally , when confronted with the evidence , ` ` and it has been so long since i have had a nice fresh cow , with no cooking or spices . ''
i included some of the spices that are sometimes harder to find . ''
he smelled like old spice aftershave .
mason jars filled with herbs , spices , and who knows what were lined up on shelves .
you savor the rich sauces and the spices of the food , and then you learn that the spices are intended to disguise the fact that the meat is going bad .
the smell of wood smoke and spices still drifted on the evening breezes , along with the scent of late - blooming flowers and of rain on the wind .
elena was sucking the last of the spice from her fingertips and leaning against him , her arm around him like a chain , when patricio gallegos caught sight of them and came walking slowly up the rise .
steam tickled my nose with ghosts of spices .
` ` three villages ' worth of spices .
she licked her lips , held up a finger , then tossed in another pinch of spices .
the taste of apples and the texture of dry bark was joined by some dark and unknown spice .
paul lebarre was in a corner with his spices , mixing his own cajun blackening powder for the tuna , and roaring his displeasure at anyone who tried to see what he was doing .
he was manifestly a dangerous man , but the dangerous aura that hung about him was like a spice , an alluring scent .
` ` wyrm s tongue is an extremely sensitive sensory organ that does n't take too well to spices .
the only food he had besides broth spices was a few handfuls of meal , but he pulled some out .
elend could smell his breath , odorous from the dinner spices .
but the intoxicating scent of spice and soap still lingered with me .
succulent and humid with spice .
when they get the meat home , their females prepare it in spices that would set these ships on fire , and tell the surly bastards it 's for their own good . ''
the wizards , dripping vinegar and expensive spices , watched it owlishly .
heavy apple trees laden with fruit clustered in corners , and in the air , i could just faintly smell a bonfire and mulling spices .
i could identify some of the spices in it , but not all .
it leapt to attention against his tongue , and a fresh burst of her spice spilled into his mouth .
after a thousand years pass , it builds its own funeral pyre , lining it with cinnamon , myrrh and cassia.climbing to a rest on the very top , it examines the world all throughout the night with the ability to see true good and evil.when the sun rises the next morning , with great sorrow for all that it sees , it sings a haunting song.as it sings , the heat of the sun ignites the expensive spices and the phoenix dies in the flames .
tree - men , sun - dwellers , spices , fire - mountains , red sea : mediterranean ( loses his boat ( travels afoot through wilds of europe ? ) )
if their kitchen 's stocked , they must have a spice rack . ''
` ` see if any spices look like the ones in the potion , '' i hissed as the doorknob turned .
` ` well , i only hope you will not find it indigestible , from so much spice , '' laurence said , and was sorry at once , recognizing in himself a species of jealousy that did not like to see temeraire enjoying any chinese customs .
but he could only really call it palatable when cooked rare , which did not offer much variety ; in stew it became quite stringy and tiresome , especially as the supply of spice left even more to be desired .
apart from this freshly gathered haul , the divers brought up also from time to time pearls ; to these the native tribesmen had the supply of opals and heaps of dried spices , to exchange for chinese goods .
hardly the best location for a war camp , but one made soup with the spices on hand ; the stedding was far too useful to pass up .
that was n't so unusual ; tear always saw a lot of outlanders - it welcomed those who would trade spices and silks from the east , porcelain from the seas , grains or tabac from the north , and stories from anywhere they could be gleaned .
the camp around him : sweaty people , spices for cooking , soaps for cleaning , horse dung , emotions .
when i entered the building , the air was saturated with the scent of hot grease and five - spice powder .
what you could taste through all the spices .
at the same time , the venetians were transporting spices from the east , making more people wealthy in italy .
there was precious little good soil suitable to grow herbs and spices needed for healing .
` ` abbott jowan was very interested when we told him we were looking for special herbs and spices to help in healing the sick .
by return passage came the spirits and laces as payment , and in the last hundred years it has diversified to tea , tobacco , spices , china and other luxury items .
england 's got no goods that 'll trade in the spice islands south o ' here .
well , ' t is to trade wool for pepper and spice , simple as that .
but now the idea 's come alongi hate to admit ' t was george elkington first thought of itthat we try swappin ' wool for the cotton goods they produce in north india , then ship these south and trade for pepper and spice .
indian traders have sold their cotton calicoes in the spice islands for years .
and this place they made the collection point for all the pepper , spices , jewels , dyes , silver , and gold they have plundered from us .
through the levant company , english traders could at last buy spices directly at tripoli from overland caravans traveling the persian gulf and across arabia , thereby circumventing the greedy venetian brokers who for centuries had served as middlemen for europe 's pepper and spices .
through the levant company , english traders could at last buy spices directly at tripoli from overland caravans traveling the persian gulf and across arabia , thereby circumventing the greedy venetian brokers who for centuries had served as middlemen for europe 's pepper and spices .
why buy expensive spices at the shores of the mediterranean ?
in one short decade , he told himself , the portuguese have shown themselves unable to stop the growing dutch spice trade in the islands , unable to rid india 's coasts of pirates , and now .
large pillows lay strewn about the carpet , and the air hung heavy with the stale scent of spice .
hawksworth watched mukarjee begin to knead a paste that smelled strongly of sandalwood spice .
for my own part , i have fasted today , and there 's an arab proverb that hunger is the best spice .
there were carved baked fruits ; tiny balls of meat flaked with spice and coconut ; fried vegetables surrounded by silver cups of a pastel green sauce ; large flat fish encased in dark baking shells flecked with red and green spices ; and a virtual aviary of wild fowl , from small game birds to plump pea hens .
in the banquet room the air was now dense with the aroma of spice .
its spices were all assertive , yet he could not specifically identify a single one .
we use spice in england , to be sureclove , cinnamon , pepper , even ginger and cardamombut they 're intended mainly to disguise the taste of meat past its prime .
but here spices are essential ingredients .
he had been transformed from a rank but honest seaman into a moghul nobleyouthful , smooth - skinned , smelling of spice .
indian and arab vessels no longer could carry spices , pepper , copper , or ironthe richest cargo and now the monopoly of portuguese shippers .
in a separate pot he was already boiling lentils , together with a yellow spice he called turmeric .
vendors sizzled flat bread in charcoal - fired round pans and dropped balls of brown dough into dark pots of smoking oil , seasoning the dusty air with piquant spice .
he is also weighed against silk , linen , spices , and even ghee and grains , which are distributed later to the hindu merchant caste . ''
only hawksworth stood firm , as even nadir sharif could not resist scooping up several of the foil replicas of nuts , fruits , and spices that scattered on the carpet around them .
` ` the large tent there is the kitchen , the one beyond it the bakery , and the one past that for grinding spices . ''
glossary affionopium agaconcentrated rose oil akas - diyacentral camp light alapopening section of a raga ankushook used for guiding an elephant arakindian liquor arecabetel nut used in making pan art hapractical , worldly ` ` duty '' in hinduism asvinalunar month of september - october azanmuslim call to prayer bhangdrink made from hemp ( marijuana ) biryanirice cooked with meat and spices bolsspecific hand strokes on the indian drum cartazportuguese trading license chartscattle sheds chapattisunleavened fried wheat cakes chappseal or stamp charkhifireworks used to discipline elephants in combat chaturangachess chaudoltraveling conveyance similar to palanquin chauganindian ` ` polo '' chaukiweekly guard duty at the red fort chauparindian dice game chelasmercenary troops beholden to single commander chillumclay tobacco bowl on a hookah chitahindian leopard daimidwife nurse dallentils darshanceremonial dawn appearance of moghul devadasitemple dancer , a special caste deyturkish ruler dharmapurpose or duty in life of hindus dhotiloincloth diwaliindian new year diwan - i - amhall of public audience diwan - i - khashall of private audience durbarpublic audience feringhiforeigner fil - kashelephant - drawn cannon firmanroyal decree frigallaportuguese frigate gau - kashox - drawn cannon gheeclarified butter gholablend of opium and spice gopimilkmaid gulal barroyal compound in camp gurunrefined cane sugar guruteacher gurzthree - headed club halgoalposts for chaugan harkaraconfidential court reporters hookahwater pipe for smoking tobacco howdahseat carried on back of elephant jagirtaxable lands granted to a nobleman kamalove , sensual pleasure karwaindian seaman katarknife designed for thrusting khabardar '' take heed '' khaftanquilted vest worn under armor kosapproximately two miles kamar - bandceremonial waist sash lakha hundred thousand lapsipreparation of gur , ghee , and wheat lilaplay or sport lor langarchain attached to elephant 's leg lungilong waist wrap worn by men mahalpalace mahoutelephant driver maidanpublic square mansabrank given a nobleman mansabdarnobleman granted estates to tax mardum - kashsmall cannon masalablend of spices , ` ` curry powder '' mihaffawooden turret suspended between two animals mina bazaarmock bazaar held on persian new year mirdangasouth indian drum mohurgold coin mudrahand signs in the indian classical dance musallimnavigator on indian ship mutasaddichief port official nakudaowner - captain of indian trading vessel naqqara - khanaentry to royal compound nashudani '' good - for - nothing '' nautchsuggestive dance nezahlance nilgaiindian deer nimplant whose root is used for cleaning teeth nimastehindi greeting , ` ` hello '' paharthree hours pakharsteel plate elephant armor palaswood used for chaugan stick panbetel leaf rolled around betel nut and spices and chewed panchwine punch pandithindu scholar piceindian ` ` penny '' postibanghmixture of opium and hemp extract prahnaspirit , life force puranashindu scriptures qamarghahunt using beaters to assemble game qarawalsbeaters for hunt qazijudge qurhunting enclosure containing game rasaaesthetic mood rasida '' arrived '' ; a piece that reaches center in chaupar board game sachaqmarriage present sandalitype of eunuch sarachahroyal platform sarangiindian musical instrument , resembling violin sariwoman 's wrap satiimmolation of hindu wife with body of her husband sehrabridegroom 's crown sharbatlemon and sugar drink shikarthe hunt sitkritaintake of breath signifying female orgasm strappadoportuguese torture device sumclimax of rhythmic cycle in indian music sutrahindu scripture suwar '' horse rank '' granted noblemen swanih - nigarspecial spy tarispecies of palm tavaif muslim courtesan teslimprostrate bow to moghul tithiday in the lunar calendar todahmound of earth for bow and arrow target practice topiwallah '' man who wears a hat , '' i.e. , a foreigner tundhidrink made from seeds and juices vamaaryan scriptures wakianavispublic court reporters wallahman wazircounselor yogi hindu contemplative zatpersonal rank given a nobleman zenanaharem zihgirthumb ring for shooting bow books by thomas hoover nonfiction zen culture the zen experience fiction the moghul caribbee the samurai strategy project daedalus project cyclops life blood syndrome the touchdown gene also see www.thomashoover.info barbados , 1648 .
he had glass vials of foreign spices , little carvings and statues of pagan gods , fine fabrics of intricate embroidery , candelabras , and all other sorts of useless possessions .
founded near the end of the 4th century bc by seleucus i nicator , one of alexander the great 's generals , antioch 's geographic , military and economic location , particularly the spice trade , the silk road , and the persian royal road , benefited its occupants , and eventually it rivaled alexandria as the chief city of the near east .
while the others had spent their evenings cleaning their muskets and sharpening their knives , he had spent the winter nights tying up packets of spices .
we still have oats at home , but we are low on spices and out of dried fruits .
i buy a pound of raisins and almonds in the spice market , but decide we have enough spices for one day .
i buy a pound of raisins and almonds in the spice market , but decide we have enough spices for one day .
a crowd has formed between the spice stands and the meat market .
annabelle and emmett joined him inside and helped him inspect the series of chambers , dark and musky with a sweet odor that smelled of a fragrant spice .
tamara and mia spoke to fea who was listlessly checking the supply of herbs and spices used in treating patients .
less than twelve months later two young nuns arrived on lios mr to pick herbs and spices for their monastery just down the coast on jura .
sex was the icing , the spice that completed the gourmet affair .
the spice trade and you will not call it a stench when you hear that her dowry alone is eighty thousand pounds .
irrationally , he disliked her alreadymiss currivard of the spice trade .
they just gathered information about her reputation from various sources , added spices and cooked entertaining stories about her to deliver to their mentor niyaz , the second most powerful individual in allahabad .
it was common to add spices to the story to make them attractive .
the smell of spices and herbs tickled her nose as she made her way to a stool , usually reserved for a spit boy , by one of the fires .
her hair smelled of spices found in far away places , and the sweet smell of cinnamon tickled his nose .
and what is that spice smell ?
woodsy , with a hint of spice .
rarely , they stopped at a small fishing village and bought rice and some spices , paying with us dollars .
the boy disappeared into the kitchen , letting in the humid odor of spices .
my mother threw her hands up in despair and stepped outside to tend to her spice garden .
she s fine , i said , giving him a small smile as i filled the beef soup pot with spices for the caldo .
she had gone outside our home to get some spices from her garden and left me cooking our supper .
grateful that she had shown me the value of the different uses of spices and herbs , i would be picking bits of plants everywhere we went .
it was rich with fragrant spices .
the british east india company used the english victories to establish the export of opium and cotton from india ; vegetables and fruits from southeast asia ; and clocks , watches , silver , and music boxes from england to china in trade for teas , silk , spices , leather , and bamboo .
you can read burrs interview at https : //www.smashwords.com / interview / burr books by burr cook a collection of seven western stories the cowgirl and the prospector and other western stories buster , a story of a slave the prisoner , stalag vii a moosburg the mastodon slayer and other stories the arctic queen and other stories lonely hearts , a western romance western air , a novelette the gold mine mystery , a western novelette western stories , the laramie saga prairie dog , another western donehogawa cattle call songs , a western the hanging of big steve long , a western badlands bart , a western the laramie lawmen the snake river cowgirl , a western a huge ball and nuclear hemp oriel , the arctic queen the witness goldmine in the sky the philosophers table where have you been billy boy the smiling buddha the z - bar ranch incident in search of spice book 1 of the harrhein saga , the conquest of hind a preview rex sumner published by myvoice publishing at smashwords isbn : 978 - 1 - 909359 - 26 - 0 foreword in search of spicechronicles the first innocent steps that will lead to the conquest of hind by trade , love and grief .
i have sent , along with this letter , winbert 's copy of the universal history against the pagans , as your failing eye - sight and successful scholarship require ; also , a few affectionate gifts of spices : small measures of nutmeg , dill , pepper , sugar , and cinnamon -- to assist ( if only slightly ) in your struggles with german meals .
as my soul thanks you for the book , so my tongue and stomach thank you for the generous donation of spices !
the smell was unbelievable a heady mix of urine from the tanneries , human waste tossed in the street or down open privy pits , exotic spices traded from across the north sea and from as far away as the fabled cities of byzantium and rome , smoke rising from five hundred fires and forges , the alluring scent of roasting pig or lamb and a thousand other smells i could not place .
jugs of locally pressed olive oil were stored next to the jars of herbs and spices and if you did nt get a chance to make your own , nicololitto made an excellent salsa pomadoro and an even better vino tinto .
his letters told her he would be bringing special spices from the orient , the finest rugs from moracco and a writing desk of her very own made especially for her in france .
portia , lily , and matilda jane were conversing about food and spices .
grumbling , max rooted through his saddlebag filled with packets of saffron , turmeric , pepper , and other exotic spices he had hoarded and brought from the east .
once we get to zug i will sell some of my spices at the market and buy you a new horse .
the romans came bringing gold and wine in return for spices like pepper and ginger .
cans and containers of dried spices still live on the shelves .
daren made his request , ` ` i 'll have a medium pumpkin spice coffee . ''
and of course the third chamber would be mark 's favorite , pumpkin spice .
asking for a tall pumpkin spice blend with two shots of espresso , he next asked dianne , ` ` where 's sara ? ''
henry was so close i was surprised i had n't smelled his old spice deodorant , or felt the threads of his teb hoodie on the back of my head .
i gave him some packages of noodles and some spices .
the percolator was on the stove where vivian must have left it , and i found the ground coffee in the spice cabinet .
he did nt think he could live on spices , but he might have to give it a try if he did nt find more food soon .
there were three bags of pasta , less than two dozen cans of soup , one large bag of rice , eight cans of pasta sauce , seven cans of tuna , fourteen cans of fruit of various kinds , three boxes of jell - o , one bag of flour and sugar each , a small bag of brown sugar , a half box of tea , one of each of my favourite spices , and that was about it for food of the non - perishable sort .
he took a little promotional bar of old spice soap in with him .
it was the scent of old spice and burnt tobacco leaves .
marty did nt know what it was exactly , but he could smell the pain on the boy like the old spice cologne off of romuluss ample body .
vengeance was obviously on his mind , it exuded off of him like the strong old spice cologne he always wore .
i stopped to look at the spices .
that afternoon auntie stood over her stove , stirring in spices to the crawdad gumbo she lovingly prepared for her impromptu family .
she brought with a special blend of pumpkin spice coffee to be brewed .
his wife might feel more comfortable with this kind of gun ; no nonsense about making sure it was loaded if the gun was needed ( or wasting time fishing a clip out from behind the spatulas or spices if it was n't ) , then racking the slide to make sure there was a hot one in the chamber .
then the double doors of kashwakamak hall opened on their own , and the mingled odors that came out , although faint - olfactory ghosts of other years - was still an anodyne to the stink of the flock : spices , jams , hay , and livestock .
he thought of turning around ; then a queer but strangely persuasive idea came to him : if he did turn around , he would see the mummy tottering after him in a cloud of ancient wrappings and spices .
the desert - smell of wrappings and old spices was stronger in his nose now , and david walked faster still .
then it hit him in the chest , driving him back against the table again , set ting off a brilliant burst of pain in the small of his back for a moment johnny could smell the wolf - a dry smell almost cinnamony , like the spices the egyptians had used to preserve the dead .
smelling old spice and the metallic scent of her own fear .
he could smell its shroud of sandy spices and he knew that in a moment its hands , as fleshless as the geometrical constructions he made with his erector set .
ben hanscom saw a tattered pile of wrappings and seemed to smell old sour spices .
its fanged mouth dropped open and she could smell its breath - a stink of bitter spices and rotting meat .
all the vampires bound to him had a flavor of him , like a spice that had touched all their skins .
there was a package of disposable razors in the cabinet , a can of barbaso shave cream , even a bottle of old spice cologne .
frannie was reminded of a color plate in their family bible , a picture that showed three women making the body of jesus ready for burial - they were anointing him with oils and spices .
jack put his hot , swollen face against speedy 's thin shirt , smelling the man 's smell - something like old spice , something like cinnamon , something like books that no one has taken out of the library in a long time .
as he walked past the dining - room table donna 's parents had bought them as a housewarming present , he extended his arm straight out and swept everything off onto the floor - the lazy susan with its complement of spices , the cut - glass vase donna had gotten for a dollar and a quarter at the emporium galorium in bridgton the summer previous , vic 's graduation beer stein .
what you 're smellin there is a spice rub of his own concoction .
always said , lee laughs , the only difference between man and pig is a good spice rub .
they do n't raid our towns and villages and in return we simply trade weapons with them for furs , herbs and spices .
then she lights a candle and puts that in the bowl with some herbs or spices or some magic potion .
his nose starts itching from the acrid smell of spices and dust .
you got some new spices in here ?
yes , yes , mr . charlies , many spices .
he walks down sixth street , past all the indian restaurants with names like gandhis house or gandhis garden or gandhis buffet and the thick smell of spice that reeks of body odor , strolls to second avenue and finds that the fillmore east , the club where he saw so many great bands , is no longer .
mr . charlies shop is empty , save for the overwhelming stench of stale spices and floor cleaner .
hidden spices in meat , smaller portions of things and such . ''
he carefully sliced the meat and vegetables into the pot and measured in the herbs and spices .
i watched as they moved around one another , grabbing spices and pots , looking casual and comfortable .
their movements were fluid , no collisions or bumps as they grabbed spices and passed olive oil .
too bad moore did n't have an uzi or at least a shotgun lurking among the spices .
she smells amazing , like a spice caravan coming to trade from exotic lands .
as far as he knows , the spice girls had the probity of mother theresa but , in ma 's narrow mind , they must have been decadence incarnate .
he seemed to take a perverse joy in mocking all the good fortune bestowed upon him by his forebears , generations of whom were spice merchants who kept ledgers the size of ping pong tables and who had ( unproven ) reputations for transporting other - shall we discretely say - exotic substances , exploiting the legal restrictions put in place by various legislatures .
on such uncommonly good days , mitra returned to peddling his hair tonic with gusto , extolling the multitude of virtues of a preparation he described as his patented authentic ashtahvaidyan ayurvedic hair restorer ( or triple a for short ) , complete with its secret formula of eleven hush - hush proprietary herbs and its veritable marsala of common spices .
and at least the eleven secret herbs and spices of triple a did no harm , even though they consistently failed to grow new hair on anyones naked pate , mitra thought , as he made a show of his victorian - age verbosity , spouting unnecessary politeness and elaborate courtesies as he delivered the charming , non - threatening patter that always sold at least a few passers - by a bottle ( and sometimes two ) of his over - priced snake oil .
the stench of your need is even stronger than the spice in your system .
* * * ella had a refreshing shower , washing out the pleasant but all - pervading smell of christmas spices from her hair .
sheep of course were very important to the romans who brought with them flocks of a hornless , white faced , short haired variety which they used to cross with the native breeds and better the quality of the animals , thus improving the character of what the beasts produced , the items of apparel made from the wool , the raw materials for writing such as parchment , or simply the good healthy mutton roasted with mediterranean herbs and spices .
as she hoped , the two bandits took one look at her talking to the skulls under her hanging strings of drying herbs , brightly colored flowers and small bags of spices in low tones , then left her strictly alone .
caravan supplies of mystery meat and spices , additives for the bean - feasts travelers usually had for dinner every night .
the fresh spices in her pocket would have to do until she found time enough to wash and dry her clothes .
herbs and fresh spices .
yes , but it 's mostly herbs and spices .
old spice i adsemble 1 ( a1 ) enters wearing a towel a1 ( old spice guy ) : hello ladies .
old spice i adsemble 1 ( a1 ) enters wearing a towel a1 ( old spice guy ) : hello ladies .
a1 ( old spice guy ) : that should do it .
old spice ii a1 walks in as the old spice guy as before a1 : hello ladies are you tired of your man smelling like lady scented bath wash .
( a2 exits and a1 walks on and takes up the old spice guys pose ) a1 : hello miranda ( miranda jumps ) , look at yourself , now back to me now back at yourself , now back to me .
a4 : sahara , by michael cox old spice / dos xxs a2 as the xx man and a1 as the old spice guy are very drunk on the floor together .
( throws a bottle music stops abruptly ) a1 ( old spice guy ) : hello most interesting man in the world , look at yourself , now back to me , now back at yourself ( a2 ( xx man ) cuts him off ) a2 ( xx man ) : ( smells the old spice guy ) when i was a sailboat captain in tiera del fuego , i met a man who smelled like you .
( throws a bottle music stops abruptly ) a1 ( old spice guy ) : hello most interesting man in the world , look at yourself , now back to me , now back at yourself ( a2 ( xx man ) cuts him off ) a2 ( xx man ) : ( smells the old spice guy ) when i was a sailboat captain in tiera del fuego , i met a man who smelled like you .
a1 ( old spice guy ) : look again the beer is diamonds !
so the other day i was riding a horse a2 ( xx man ) : no a1 ( old spice guy ) : then i did a swan dive ont- a2 ( xx man ) : no a1 ( old spice guy ) : but then i- a2 ( xx man ) : no ... no ... no ... no ... stop trying so hard .
so the other day i was riding a horse a2 ( xx man ) : no a1 ( old spice guy ) : then i did a swan dive ont- a2 ( xx man ) : no a1 ( old spice guy ) : but then i- a2 ( xx man ) : no ... no ... no ... no ... stop trying so hard .
a1 ( old spice guy ) : all i can do is smell nice !
a2 ( xx man ) : my advice to you is to leave the tight pants to the ladies , if i can count the change in your pocket , you should be using it to call a tailor a1 ( old spice guy ) ( starts sobbing ) my pants are on backwards !
after 2 weeks of maturing in the back shed , unknown to anyone else in the house , dave was ready to test his secret recipe , guarding the ingredients like the colonel guards his spices .
the first person to climb with fry pans , wok , stove , chopping boards , knives , spice rack and more , all with their own inlaid carabiners .
shortly thereafter , the then - chief cartographer of orleans parish was given a special commission by the mayor : explore the coast of guyana for spices and goldhe was never heard from again .
onto the fire , he threw potent spices , so that the great heat of the flames would carry them up to the suns vast eye and make it weep .
before dying he must have doused himself with old spice .
the ` ` rice bread '' was reportedly a holdover from plantation days , a concoction of eggs and cornmeal and rice and generally some spice they had n't yet identified ( red pepper seemed most likely ) and who knew what else ?
then everything went black and i could smell something like a spice , maybe oregano .
our kitchen is full of strange herbs and spices . ''
i began to sneeze ; he was wearing too much old spice .
the stranger was in fact , marco polo , leading his caravan towards the fabulous spice spots of antiquity .
they had to do something fast , so they went out and discovered the spice trade and began selling spices . ''
they had to do something fast , so they went out and discovered the spice trade and began selling spices . ''
` ` a lot of venetian ducks stuffing themselves with spices ? ''
` ` the spices were only the first step .
the venetians got so excited after eating tons of spices , they ran out and began painting naked people on walls and ceilings .
and the same goes to chawputree for posting pics of all those many spices and your big family .
you could nt see an inch of counter top beneath the scattered spices , greasy bottles of oil , and mangled scraps of meats and seafood .
as bari mulled these thoughts over , he mulled some spices for the sake of having some busy work , and eventually came to the conclusion that , in the long run , he d be best off leaving the island .
without its usual smells of baking and spice , the house felt lifeless and cold .
our childhood home was filled with nostalgia too , most of it involving scolding and the smell of spices .
it was nt even an indian spice , just a bottle of grocery store seasoning .
ohhh , so because i m indian i m an automatic spice freak .
well that s messed up , you re supposed to love spices .
it was a permanent distortion to baltazars figure , all at the expense of his biological disposition that impulsively caused him to deploy his being into anything that contained spice .
they experimented with herbs and spices and recipes from around the world .
my connection to my body is completely severed now and for a moment she smells my old spice and feels comforted .
upon entering the richly exotic atmosphere resplendent of eastern spices , they were glad to see plenty of seats were still available .
one man carved puppets out of wood , a woman brought cans of pickles , another a cloth bag of dried flowers and spices .
the palace chefs were expected to come along and to carry with them their implements , spices and condiments with which to prepare the wild game they would hunt and eat along the way .
all our old things seem shabby in comparison , so we replace the mix - matched dishes and buy sets of spices and expensive frames to display our pictures .
the air was redolent with spices and cooking food .
you need a spice rack .
if i had wanted a spice rack , i would have one .
you ca nt do that with a little spice jar .
the smell of potatoes cooked with indian spices occasionally wafts out with the music when the direction of the breeze changes .
he 's wondering how jalissa can possibly smell like the spices and flowers that grow on the islands .
they enter the welcome shadow of the jungle and are soon surrounded by the now familiar overgrown houseplants , the bright birds flitting past , the pleasantly moist still air scented with orchids and spice .
maybe on the spice shelf ?
kat 's spaghet - tea sauce , with a secret mixture of herbs and spices , distributed exclusively at rallies and fund - raisers . ''
let 's say it 'll be an apple ginger spicy thing with an earthy undertone characteristic of kat 's secret blend of herbs and spices .
` ` the government of st . lucy will supply us with herbs and spices , which will be sold as byproducts of baldwin 's greenhouse operation .
we 'll be acquiring them for food use , as spices and herbs , not for any medicinal purpose .
for example , she 'll write standard spice mixture or basic herbal mixture as code for the active ingredient .
containers of spices , powers and potions lined two entire walls of the room .
the warehouse like structure we entered had a generic smell of fried food and pungent spices .
i had no concept of what fresh herbs and spices were .
i grew up thinking that salt and black pepper were main spice stables and only occasionally would dried garlic , basil , oregano and cayenne pepper to be added sparingly to dishes being prepared because that was all my mother knew .
the flavors complimented each other and no one spice overpowered the other , especially the hot pepper .
he set out for the kits , weapons and ammo isle ( converted from what used to be the spice isle , as the season approached ) .
legend has it that some three thousand years ago shepherds in the persian highlands discovered these amazing effects while trying just about anything that could be ground up to temper the ill taste of uncured and partially rotten meat ( hunger being an excellent , but not all - powerful spice ) .
my husband grows the magenta spice .
in his clenched fists , he squeezed wrapped betel leaves that dripped with spices to the street below until his fingers were red from the leakage .
but as my eyes adjusted , my childhood surroundings filled them : the always meticulously clean tile floor ; the deeply set windows , shuttered now to keep out the sun ; the smell of her many spices on their little shelves by the stove , always in the same sequence , from hottest to mildest , left to right , unlabeled in their glass jars , known only by their color and texture , and , of course , by their smell and taste .
he had followed madhuri on her weekly gathering of wild herbs and spices in the outlying fields and light woods , a mile or so beyond the edge of town .
i do nt know if the food and the spices that you have will allow me to make food the way i do on my world , but i can try .
aspiria took a whiff of the various spices .
what spices do you like ?
bob raised his eyebrows a few times as she selected her spices and preparations , but he was really interested in what she would do .
your mother smelling of clean laundry and spices .
the last items to be added were a canister of tea , a small bag of salt , some black pepper and several other spices that elizabeth said would be essential if she was to be able to cook decent meals for all of them .
he had a collection of friends as varied as a spice rack within a week of starting school .
when i asked her if that meant shed be willing to play the part of juliet on the stage , she laughed and started rearranging the spice rack .
then his attention was drawn to the spice rack .
bob loved his spice rack and doted on it , constantly re - alphabetizing it after honey used it .
bob gently put the spices back in their customary place .
someone or something had rearranged his spice rack .
bob , the spices ?
the spice rack maybe .
it did not take staid long to spot the two , plainly dressed guards hovering inconspicuously nearby , and staid acknowledged them both with a look , ensuring that the men had identified him and silently returned his acknowledgment before he approached the young woman , who was now taking whiffs through bags of incense in front of a garrulous vendor who was too keen on showing forth the praises of his superbly mixed plants and spices to realize that the customer before him was not listening .
but you turn them into a curse , for you set aside precious fruits and spices for yourselves , but ignore the more important duties of the steward : justice and mercy for your brothers and sisters .
sea spice saturated the air .
she liked the way it smelled of fresh - cut wood and orange spices and home - baked bread , and she felt a sudden wish to spend more time there .
back in ft . wayne i saw a bag of chick peas that was sold with a spice pack in it .
do you do other types of spice packets , say for lentils or pinto beans ?
this means more seasonings and spices .
ethylene oxide is used to bacteria treat spices in the us , it is banned in europe and japan because they consider it a carcinogen .
i ve been talking to some old friends at indian spice and they have offered me a very interesting brokering deal for spices , any business you send my way directly or by giving me the lead i can give you eight percent .
i ve been talking to some old friends at indian spice and they have offered me a very interesting brokering deal for spices , any business you send my way directly or by giving me the lead i can give you eight percent .
on the bar sat a white plate with pieces of white sepia sprin - kled with spices , a glass of beer by its side .
the spice business , industrial spices and season - ings .
the spice business , industrial spices and season - ings .
about the only things we ca nt provide are things like baking soda and cooking spices .
recognising his words as just that ; an advertisement for old spice , maggie laughed .
she sprinkled a small dusting of herbs from a spice bottle into the palm of her hand and held it under my nose .
he now looked again to the marketplace : shadows of long - dead men crisscrossed , often merging , then separating ; ghosts of tourists of travels - past kicked up dust and spat casually upon the sand - speckled pavement ; mirages of a herd of lesser bison-21 , drinking from the water of a distant oasis , shimmered up from a bare patch of sidewalk through which no one dared trespass for fear that these venomous beasts should advance upon them and drain them of every drop of hydrating fluid ; bands of shade grew over the facades of buildings , stretching to encompass the street and its shifting crowd of people as the sun dipped and the sky slowly darkened ; in the billowing eve , calls of sellers collided in air in jumbles of heretofore nonexistent phonemes which now manifested new language , constructing highly improbable and perhaps even monstrous word combinations that could only serve to encode and further dictate the terms of a newly - devised universe ( or set of universes ) , the likes of which would be far beyond the imagination of any sentient being here , who , hemmed in by the parameters of reason that gave shape and boundary to this particular universe , would be relegated to disregarding altogether those unlikely elements and , certainly , those seeming irrelevant factors which lay well outside the scope of his understanding or capacity to theorize ; stray dogs with bioluminescent fur barked at a dealer in illegal parlor game equipment , who skulked at the corner of the darkened alley they had marked as their territory , whispering surreptitiously to passers - by about the unmatched intensity of field generated by his electromagnetic repulsion ball paddles ; overhead hung huge bronze scarabs suspended in air by thick elastic cables which connected each metal insect with the ones next to , in front of , and behind it , until the whole network of them hung over the town in a static grid pattern , despite their tendency to bob and sway at the slightest breeze or tremor ; the smells of rotting meats , spices , nuts , vanilla tobacco , urine , naphthalene , and quick - dry semen swirled upward in fumes from the streets to creep over buildings , escape between the elastic cables , and envelop the scarabs whole in their invisible clouds , before finally sweeping over the exterior of a giant pink translucent bubble that was perched high above the entire scarab grid ; a nude bodhisattva floated in the center of this bubble with his knees to his chest and his eyes closed , as he contemplated just how far out of the bubble and into deep space the tensile wires , which pierced his arms , legs , ears , eyes , nose , throat and genitalia , extended : whence they came and why , apart from their apparent purpose as a mechanism for measuring stimulus - response activity in him , for he was merely a test subject in a double - blind experiment ; an old , wounded veteran of a forgotten war looked up at the enlightened thinker - cum - examinee and he cackled rancorously thus , wasing time , aicha papy !
good thing he did nt imbibe the spices sold by his ladys father thoughmight have sent him on an indiscriminate raping spree .
he closed his eyes and had another sip of his soma , allowing his impatience to melt away in the pungent fragrance of its spices .
he required that the princes every need be anticipated in advance and immediately fulfilled until the very existence of needeven as a theoretical concept had finally withered from mind : emmanuel was , thus , to be fed at his slightest craving , but never to a sense of fullness that may cause discomfort ; he was to be brought platters topped with fatty meats , sweets , and caramel - covered rice cakes on a quarter - hourly basis ; he was never to be fed spices , oily dishes or otherwise any foods that might result in anything greater than mild indigestion ; he was to be bathed in milk at a specified temperature of 333 degrees balderkat three times daily ; his skin was to be continually draped in silk and he was to be carried on cushions until he was at risk for getting bedsoresat which point he was either to be flipped over , or immersed in a tank of warm gel in the fetal position ; when he looked as though he might soon be impelled to express some emotion requiring tears , the servants were to weep in his stead , and in a way that he might find amusing , and the bluebird of happiness was to be summoned immediately to croon for him until the threat of minor anguish has been properly averted ; whenever he looked in the mirror out of concern for getting more obese than his father , he was to be reassured by his servants that this only showed that he had the ability to surpass even the greatness of his majesty king baxter .
she seldom bothered with spices , never set the timer so she could gauge when an expensive cut of meat was properly done .
lester and his new bride , tovah mcsweeney , would live off the land , can berries and fruits , smoke fish like the indians anticipating the winter shortages of fresh game , hunt and trap until their cattle business was firmly established then trade for cloth , spices and other necessities .
slowly my hand set itself on the latch , my arm pushing the wooden door forward , lungs pausing a moment before inhaling the expensive aroma within of spices and myrrh .
the smell of the market filled my nostrils of spices from the vendors , of sweat from the workers , of blood from the butchers the skinned animal carcasses swaying from metal hooks just ahead of me .
eyes straining , i could just make out where our sealed jar of oil sat , barely in arms reach on top of our basket of spices .
vegetables , fruits , spices , herbal extracts , soy products , juices .
a little garden , a bit of spice for flavoring .
rollie did nt care for most of the spices he s a pretty plain and straightforward guy and there s an old pine that puts us in shade in mid - afternoon .
my little garden of spices .
it was only lyssa and paris , the woman who had indulged her interest in herbs and spices by adding a lyssa corner to every garden plot , where together they tended whatever lyssa chose to plant , no matter how odd or exotic .
she managed to muscle in extremely successfully into the spice and marijuana industries , where i d never been that successful , and took quite sizeable stakes in heroin , furs and fisheries .
cool ranch spices on my chin , the bag on my chest .
i ve started a little business making candles , spices , and canning jams to supplement my writing .
some of the shops selling spices , herbs , meat , chicken and fish were still open .
i smelled comfort in my dads tried and true old spice cologne .
miss carey was just a hare taller than myself , and handily peered through spices , storage containers , canned goods , and the stoneware mrs . marsh had used on a daily basis .
connelley was a walking old spice commercial from his tanned skin to his full head of well - sculpted gray hair which was slightly whiter at the temples .
she told jake about an irish setter at the pet shop next to a spice emporium .
the plates were painted with spices and herbs .
he can tell you things about sauces , herbs and spices from memory that i would need a cookbook to remember .
the scent of old spice followed him out the door .
to put it bluntly , the place was garish just the sort of garish one would expect to find coupled with a fiery , spice - laden cuisine .
there was just something really familiar about his voice even though it was a whisperoh yes , and he definitely wore old spice after shave .
but , in meeting with all three he definitely picked up on the old spice scent when talking with mr . thomas , so he shifted to the front of the list in the lieutenants eyes .
anyone could have a blue shirt with a button missing and hoards of men in the community used old spice after shave , so he knew he had to get more concrete evidence than what he had before he could confront mr . thomas or his family .
vile spices that only ruin the constitution .
i lifted up the foil on the loin , and the exterior was bronzed with spice rub and smoke .
the spice mix kind of starts out as a rub and ends up a marinade .
boone grimaced as the strong smell of spices entered his senses .
it was at a shop which sold spices .
you got ta love spices , delilah smiled as she looked back at the cardboard boxes sitting on the floor next to the table .
the smaller box was clearly marked with the word cinnamon on two sides and a larger one with the words assorted spices .
it 's a puree of olives and spices .
' do you want to grab the pepper from the spice rack over there ? '
but there s a lot of other organic spices mixed in the ingredients that repels bees and other insects .
i asked pierre when i brought him his spices from the bazaar .
the turf was a filet , with southeastern asian spices , plated with a five - ounce lobster tail .
philip bought some spices he said he could n't find elsewhere .
in the center of each table was a small wooden lazy susan carved to match the chair , on which stood tiny hand painted pottery containers to hold the necessary spices and condiments .
do any of the spices wear anything ?
the comforting smell of old spice lingered in the air .
` ` now , where you think he wants these spices ? ''
` ` spices were here , i believe , '' i said , opening the cabinet right by the stove .
from the caribbean traveller she learned that grenada was known as spice island and was one of the world 's leading producers of nutmeg .
the scent of old spice wafted gently in the air , as comforting as any hot chocolate on the coldest of days .
he opened one of the cabinets and showed me an epic spice rack with everything alphabetically organized .
stryker just did n't seem like a spice rack kind of guy .
i knew it , '' i said , pointing at the spice rack .
katie banged around the kitchen , peeling things and boiling water and rubbing butter on the turkey and raiding my spice cabinet .
i buried my face in his shirt , smelling the dried sweat on him layered over old spice deodorant .
i breathed in the scent of italian spices , my mouth starting to water .
will got fishhooks and i have some spices .
i studied my table ingredients , and did n't recognize many of the spices or herbs .
the easiest thing to do would be to taste the dish , then taste each spice until i figured out which ones it had been made with , and go from there .
i asked , leaning in to taste another one of my spices .
i was pulling the salt down from the spice cabinet when the doorbell rang .
he breathed hard , breath clouding around me with mint and spice .
he was so close ; a heavy cloud of sandalwood and spice buffeted , turning knees to water .
he tastes like spices i ' ve never dared taste before .
he was dressed in soccer shorts , a v - neck short - sleeve shirt made of the same lightweight material , and he smelled faintly of a mixture of old spice , polo and oranges .
he smells good , like fall and spices .
the smell of italian spices fills his kitchen .
he smelled like soap and spice , and as he pulled back to kiss her , tension from her call with marlene melted out of her fast .
the scent of spices and charbroil made her mouth water .
i ' ve added a few enhancing spices .
i breathed in his familiar scent of leather and spice and skin , causing thousands of memories to surge into my consciousness .
emma hugged him tight , closing her eyes in contentment as his familiar scent of peppermint and old spice filled her nose .
emma 's stomach rolled at the thought of ever eating again , least of all anything with spices .
there 's good reason the islands were famed as ` ` the spice islands '' back in the days before airplanes and the internet .
` ` used your chiles , added more cumin to the spice packet , the rest , i 'd have to kill you if i told you . ''
i walked the eggshells to the trash bin , dumped them in , rinsed my hands , dried them and went to the cupboard where i 'd started to store the spices and baking ingredients i 'd been buying .
his masculine smell of old spice hurt my heart thinking of another man .
next she went to the spice aisle .
sitting in the pantry , prue stared at the array of spices opposite her .
daniel grabbed the spices and noodles he needed to finish off dinner .
they laughed as he got most of the spices on her hands rather than the meat .
they cleaned away their mess , and he put the spices away .
the area behind it was covered in a variety of spices and teas and coffee beans , a wait staff dressed in head - to - toe black , taking orders .
` ` just because i want to spice things up in the bedroom does n't mean i want the whole spice cabinet .
his intoxicating scent surrounded her , spice and aftershave and pure man .
i stare at the cabinets in front of me , wondering where the f**k i keep my spices .
i need to season the patties on the pan in front of me , but i do n't remember where i keep my spices .
he smelled of warm spice and citrus , and something else .
her unchecked tears dampened his shirt , and his familiar , expensive warm spice smell assaulted her senses .
there were stalls selling every kind of spice imaginable , spices for cooking , to add to stews , to flavour chicken , to colour the rice , saffron , turmeric , chilli , ginger .
there were stalls selling every kind of spice imaginable , spices for cooking , to add to stews , to flavour chicken , to colour the rice , saffron , turmeric , chilli , ginger .
charlie took ollys seat , which was probably still warm and infused with the scent of old spice .
i preferred the old spice michael normally wore , but it worked for him .
there was modern art on the walls and elaborate floral displays in odd locations ; a sensation of aromas wafted through the air modern french cuisine clashing with oriental spice to get the juices flowing .
for dessert , he also heated up applesauce he found in the pantry and sprinkled cinnamon on it from the spice cabinet .
if you had told me that mixing tree sap and spices while muttering some words over a wound would work , i would have told you to check yourself into the psych ward .
once , shed bought him a bottle of old spice from a discount shop , thinking it was very grown - up .
they were nt herbs or spices i could get from the grocery store .
i glanced at ethan , sipping on the mulled spice wine my father made every year .
she lowered her gaze , brushing tears aside , but she went to the wall lined with all the spices that i d smelled .
the smell was wonderfully rich and exotic , like a spice from a distant land , about as far removed from the biting odor of tobacco smoke as two odors from the same substance could be .
the entire room smelt of incense and spices , and a smudge stick was resting inside an old clay pot on the floor .
dishes , spices , kitchen utensils , and cookbooks could be found .
they smell like him , woodsy with a hint of spice .
it was a zip locked plastic sandwich bag filled with what looked like italian spices parsley , oregano , basil .
but of course they were nt spices .
she reached up into the wooden spice rack that sat on her counter and found the sprinkles , which she gently shook on top of each swirled cupcake top .
she loved that the triple level rack contained only decorations and her most used and loved vanilla extracts , rather than the twenty - four herbs and spices that came with the housewarming present from her parents .
yolanda baked far more than she cooked and while she still had the standard spices , they were kept in a cupboard next to the stove .
it 's in your spice cupboard . ''
switching on the light , she focused on the spice cabinet next to the stove and saw that the door to it was open .
in front of the cabinet she stood and looked inside at the large array of spices , all arranged in alphabetical order .
as she stood in front of the still - open spice cabinet , yolanda realized that the cat in the dream was sitting on a familiar looking cushion .
she knew every bottle of spice in the cabinet and not only were they in alphabetical order , they were all on the right hand side of the cabinet .
he was just below the spice cabinet , reaching up , and clawing at it .
his scent was delicious , all leather and spice .
now i understand the human saying of hunger is the greatest spice .
his skin so close to mine , smelled of juniper and various spices .
despite the fact that i stood in the room with her , she did nt look at me and continued to cook by adding spices to the pot she stirred .
it was lit exclusively with hundreds of real candles yellow , orange and red and smelled of seasoned spices , warmth and fine wood .
she was thinking of trying a different mixture of spices for the pumpkin pies .
` ` spices .
carmen challenged as she arranged a group of spices into a group of three .
raphael looked at the grouping of spices in shock .
he had a new spice rack that twirled on a chrome stand .
he moved around the kitchen , grabbing flour and eggs and oranges and something from the spice rack , and it looked like dancing , his movements were so smooth .
the sea bass was easy to prepare without screwing up the spices .
tony put him in his place , but just found him changing the spices on his own .
but he was there ... and the bed was littered with a bizarre assortment of items : lemons , over - the - counter pill bottles , jars of cooking spices , some kind of skinny blue wristbands , a box of fruit popsicles , a box of saltines , bags of potato chips , bottles of ginger ale .
she looked around the room , at the photographs along the window that she had n't bothered to look at , and the bottles of fragrant spices , at the lovely pond filled with slick black rocks .
she ran her tongue along the underside of his jaw , loving the taste of him ; the scent of rum - and - spice aftershave enveloped her .
sam would do something -rearrange the spice cabinet , turn on too many lights , say that she could n't stand green peppers or anything with walnuts or susan sarandon - that irritated his mother .
watching her talk to the others at the gallery , he 'd glimpsed an innocence in her lovely eyes that had been at odds with the knowing look in them , as if she could n't quite hide the sweet beneath the spice .
` ` still , it 's not just the oil , it 's the blend of spices .
he could detect some sort of spice , such as cinnamon .
` ` martha , do we have any curry spices in the house ? ''
these people obviously did n't know the purpose of a salt shaker or a spice rack .
i 'd put three boneless chicken br**sts in a marinade of buttermilk and ranch dressing spices that morning , and there was leftover coleslaw from the night before , plus cody 's favorite , tater tots .
pierre was a master at gauging spices .
a sudden sweet dark scent , as of spices , fil ed the room .
the house was redolent with the scent of cinnamon and other spices .
the beast had been spice and cooked on the spit , then stuffed and presented on one large platter .
` ` can you identify that elusive spice ? ''
` ` we can throw all these other spices away . ''
he asked , surveying the room 's many shelves of flour , sugar and spices .
but when i walked into their new house , full of the furniture of my youth , and smelling of my dad 's old spice aftershave and camel cigarettes , i felt so sick i ran to the kitchen sink and threw up .
when she stretches up to reach into the cupboard for spices , the hem of the shorts rides up .
their bodies were so close that she caught the scent of spice and soap .
beyond the horizon one of his ships waited , its bel y ful of spirits and tobacco , rich materials and exotic spices .
relieved to have something to do and that he was leaving the room for a bit , she nodded and went to retrieve spices from the small pantry .
it smelled like him - cigarettes , mint life savers , and old spice .
` ` three months ' store of meat and spices . ''
if the mccabes win , we 'll collect meat and spices from the mcdonald stores . ''
` ` you also made some of your money from dealing with spices internationally . ''
he entered silently , as if he practiced burglary in his spare time , and the only way she knew he was in front of her was the pull of his body heat and the delicious smell of spice he carried on his skin .
` ` my country was discovered in the 1700s by the comte de rossi , a frenchman searching for a shorter route to the spices of india , '' he continued .
garlic was definitely an italian kind of spice , but this thing looked too big to throw in as is .
william leaned closer to amanda , bringing the scent of his old spice with him .
opening her bottom drawer , she took it out and held it to her nose to see if it smelled like old spice .
the lack of old spice aroma meant nothing one way or the other .
amanda had to move closer to william in order to let her by , and she caught a whiff of old spice .
as he helped her scoot in , she breathed in old spice .
he walked over toward the tv cabinet , bringing the scent of old spice with him .
supplies , spices , jewels .
` ` scramble yourself an egg and make dry toast , chase it with gatorade , which you should mix with some of the siberian ginseng in the spice cabinet .
at my direction , he took up the heavy jar of spices : the ground mixture of mace and marjoram , sage and pepper , parsley and thyme .
many were the times he had smelled just that comforting aroma , with its upper note of old spice cologne , his face pressed against the smooth slickness of this silk , the reverend 's chubby arms wrapped protectively around him , promising him refuge .
the men returned at last just before nightfall , horses laden with bags containing the salt , needles , pickling spice , and other small items that lallybroch could not produce for itself .
` ` more spices ? ''
not to mention the imported spices and drugs . ''
the shaving cream came in a white can with red letters , and it said old spice on the label .
i do n't know if there ever was shaving cream like that , but that 's what daddy always smelled of , old spice aftershave and cigarette smoke .
she could hardly cover up the flavor with spices , not in a pound cake .
every one of my favorite spices and herbs permeated the air .
i ' ve heard the tales of the cargo in that fat - bellied merchant - fine french laces and brandy , oriental vases and plates , rich materials , exotic spices , and chests of gold .
she was scanning the spice section , trying to remember whether he 'd needed minced or spiced onion , when she felt the cart stop suddenly as it bumped into someone .
she browned the meat and peeled the potatoes , cut the carrots , celery , and onions , throwing everything into a big pot with water and spices .
he smelled like old spice and cigarettes , and in a quiet voice , he 'd whisper , ` ` i love you , '' to each of us .
everything in the house bore my mother 's imprint ; the location of the spices in the cupboard , the placement of the photographs on the shelves , the color of the walls , her nightgown draped over the chair in her bedroom .
like a dash of spice in a complex recipe , there was the barest tang of the sea ; a scent only a local would recognize .
she turned quickly to the spice drawer , yanking it open .
the small gardens around the buildings that had once boasted herbs and spices were now growing wild and filled with weeds .
` ` i have venison , oysters , and fish , '' he said , giving a calculating glance around the kitchen , ` ` but i have no spices to make fancy sauces . ''
` ` i brought spices with me from dunscaith . ''
a quarter of an hour later , she returned with four helpers and her precious store of spices .
old spice after - shave .
one whole shelf was crowded with small wooden boxes with glass tops , filled with what looked like spices .
` ` no spices ?
` ` i had the chef go light on the spices .
livvy and mira surged forward , enfolded her in a hug that smelled of italian spices and drugstore perfume .
the air was fragrant with a mixture of spices and the smell of roasted meat .
they 'd moved on to their second bottle of ale apiece , and rachel carried those out to the deck while jake brought the platter of steaks , a long - handled fork , and his basket of spices .
in the jungle behind the road , women - most with babies on their backs or in their arms - picked cloves ; the spices lay in cinnamon - colored swatches on the sides of the road , drying in the hot sun .
crisp soap and a familiar mix of male spices filled her senses .
the heady scent of spice and man fills me as i pause , body shivering with the pleasure of knowing he is calling me .
she spun to face kelly , stirring a drift of flowers and some kind of spice .
like a field full of exotic spices .