he did n't negotiate all of them , only the very large contracts with large countries since politics and treaties were usually involved as well .
the smaller countries or companies were delegated to others within the government .
she 'd read about two years ago that his father had died and he 'd taken full control of the country .
so they 'd both done what they 'd been raised to do , and that was to protect their countries and create a bond .
her teachings were filled with various animals , different countries of the world , cultures and siri was amazed at how the woman snuck in geography , all of which the boys just loved , their little minds grasping concepts that others would n't probably understand until they were much older .
education levels increased in that country tenfold over the five years following your argument . ''
they 'd been pushing him to find a suitable wife for years but zayn had been too focused on getting the country under control and establishing priorities for growth , as well as getting all of his agencies on the same time table .
his attention was drawn back to the speaker , to the announcement of his name and the initiative his country was sponsoring .
i have to disappear now to run a country .
when one was the head of the country , ella guessed that the normal governmental forms were n't really required .
in great britain , the borders were all water but she '' d heard of how protective other countries were of their borders .
` ` in fact , the whole world is eager to know what kinds of reforms you '' d like to start making in my country .
she asked , her voice choked and she hesitated before entering the room where decisions were made that could change the economy of massive countries .
she thought it would be less intimidating if they were sitting away from a symbol of his absolute power in this country .
the things you do for this country are much too important to be delayed simply because you have an assistant who asked the wrong person or question .
he was fair , but would n't let other countries take advantage of his people and he worked extremely hard to make sure odar 's growth continued and his goals were met .
dana was pretty sure the guard would n't stop the ruler of his country .
the evening turned out to be a great success with hassan and the ambassador agreeing to several issues while dana and the ambassador 's wife discussed other country 's politics or lapsed into the traditional and easy conversational topics such as fashion or travel .
as the head of my government , i can freeze oil imports to those countries to pressure their governments , i can freeze bank accounts , move my country 's money out of their government 's banks , which would have a major ripple effect on their economy , adding more pressure .
as the head of my government , i can freeze oil imports to those countries to pressure their governments , i can freeze bank accounts , move my country 's money out of their government 's banks , which would have a major ripple effect on their economy , adding more pressure .
it made him a very powerful leader for his country , but also a dangerous man for her peace of mind .
no one , not even rulers of countries , had ever said no to him before .
and if this man was the crown prince , that meant he was basically ruling the country now since his father was ill and unable to rule .
it will solidify my country . ''
will she , '' dani said , emphasizing the use of the feminine pronoun , ` ` be assured of ruling the country as the first born and if so , will she be able to have much respect for men since her father would n't ' even acknowledge her mother ? ''
each guest will also have gifts for you from the various countries that are represented .
she thought it was amusing that the supreme commander of the country would want others to violate traffic limits .
so when i discovered someone was fixing prices on oil revenues about two years ago , which affected not only my oil companies , but those of nazar 's country 's as well as many others , we set up a plan .
they 'd been together for a week and , as of forty - eight hours ago , the authorities in ten different countries had confirmed arrests of all the people rocco and his friend had thwarted in their market manipulation scheme .
` ` he 's down in the conference room with a bunch of big wigs discussing oil prices or buying another country . ''
` ` i do n't allow anyone to mess with my country 's oil revenues , '' he told her firmly .
he 'd already set up a series of labs and think tanks around the country to provide guidance for ways mortimer innovations could lead the united states into a golden age of sustainable technology production .
many women in my country are sorry .
it 's a free country last time i looked . ''
they pack a lot of countries into that one little continent .
` ` a lot of countries , huh ?
he asked zayn who seemed to be constantly battling someone in his country 's parliament or cabinet .
rulers of countries called him to ask advice and women threw themselves at him constantly in an effort to gain his attention .
alec stalked her , taking one step at a time as he said , ` ` i 'll have you know that i currently employ over one hundred thousand people in almost every country in the world . ''
and now that punishment was right up in my face - two round perfect br**sts surrounded by a teal dress that was probably illegal in some countries .
they had every doll imaginable from expensive - looking porcelain ones that must have been imported from foreign countries to the type of dolls found at target .
all of it will go toward helping children in the countries where i ' ve worked .
i guess it takes many countries to feed her passion . ''
what if it 's the answer to some of the diseases running rampant in our country ? ''
in a developing country , maybe , but the good old u.s . of a. ?
now we have over three hundred employees in six countries .
it did n't take him long to discover how many countries needed schools , medical facilities , and clean water .
there were articles with him meeting with the prime ministers of various european countries , monarchs , even the american president .
the damn man had tens of thousands of people working for him in so many countries she could n't even list them .
he had a net worth in the billions , he not only owned his own company , that company was so diversified that governments around the world paid him to move into their countries and open up a branch just to provide good , high paying jobs .
when in reality , we 're the country that is the least educated in the various languages . ''
it definitely did n't happen on fly by visits from one country to another for a quicky in between meetings .
` ` apparently , there 's a group of social workers who get together in different countries and study the inner city efforts that are being used to help the residents , focusing on kids . ''
` ` what countries are involved ? ''
titus securities was headquartered in washington , d.c . but he had branches in fifteen other cities of the united states and twelve countries worldwide .
each area of the country is different with fads and preferences that are unique to the region . ''
but ana excused him for that since he had been trained from birth to be ruler of his country .
she had obligations and duties and she would never let her country down .
you might not be able to attend law school formally , but you 're about to marry the future ruler of a country .
could the wife to a king carry influence and help shape a country besides just being the walking womb to her husband 's dynasty ?
and he trusts you with the defense of his country , not my schedule . ''
` ` no , he tasked you to protect the country and from what i ' ve heard , you 're doing a wonderful job of it .
he 'd been to many of those same countries but not legally and not in any capacity that he 'd be able to talk about .
did she even know that he existed as anything other than her employer or the crown prince of her country ?
they generally spoke during dinner hours and discussed the business of the country and projects that happened during the day .
you have an obligation to your title and to your country to marry and produce an heir to the throne .
max buried himself in work for the next hour , plowing through the administrative needs that came with running a country .
so when i heard about this country that still maintained a monarchy , i was pretty horrified .
rashid thought about the meetings he 'd had in london with the ceo of a major oil company and then the private meetings with the prime minister who was trying to convince him to alter his country 's oil policy and grant better access to oil products and get a better deal .
he might have subdued the civil war in his country , but that did n't mean he was worthy of any civilized female company .
maybe if rashid chose someone who was n't a ruler of a country to marry her to , she could be more open about her work .
isla spent the rest of the day making the phone calls , pretending to care if one or another of the rulers of various countries showed up at her brother 's wedding .
one after another , the heads of various countries , or their representatives , filed into the palace .
reporters were n't allowed in the country , the borders were basically shut down so how would rashid know if his sister was being abused ?
she would be an asset to his reign and help him re - build the country .
she obviously had heard some pretty horrible things about him and the people inside the country .
he could n't believe that he could oust a violent dictator , quell a rebellion , rebuild his country and yet he could n't even get his fiancee to meet him for dinner .
what was the issue with the rest of the world getting to know all the wonderful things that were going on inside the country ?
` ` my uncle was a greedy idiot who ruined this country , bankrupted the economy and tortured his people .
he did n't deserve to rule and if you have any issues with my assumption of power , we need to get those reservations out of the way immediately because i will not tolerate that man 's name being brought up within the borders of this country . ''
he 'd said that it contained a list of all the things that needed to be done within the country .
as sheik of her country , she knew he was extremely busy but he always made time for her , evidenced by the fact that he flew all the way to new york just to take her out to dinner .
her older sister isla had accepted her role as a female in their country but zarah had always rebelled against their place .
could you imagine me spouting off about some random economic theory to a world leader when they ' ve already dismissed that idea for their country ? ''
she asked , knowing that rulers of powerful countries normally had their schedules fixed far in advance and changes were rare and difficult to adjust .
joe pretends to be important , but it 's really alicia who runs the country . ''
and the european countries ca n't back out the euro in this way with the new counting schema , '' he yelled ` ` yes , they can , '' she yelled right back .
their social studies teacher had given them an assignment to draw a map of the world with all the countries .
she and her friend had spent hours coloring in all the countries of the world .
` ` he audits the various ati offices around the us and other countries . ''
you 're friends with someone who runs a country ? ''
how else would they know how to run a country ? ''
` ` does n't he need to run a country or something ? ''
in an hour , we will cause problems that will affect the businesses of constantijin kastein and rathe wellesley , both of whom are not american citizens and as such are not a priority of this country . ''
he was the # 1 playboy in his whole country ?
it 's in a country that 's not very hospitable to foreign women , especially american ones . ''
` ` normally , i travel to third - world countries alone . ''
heck , she could have gone to stay with friends in about thirteen different countries and experienced relative peace .
` ` if i did n't know i was in a foreign country , i 'd think i was at home , '' she said , rolling down the window .
they go back and forth , deciding what hotels they 'll stay in , what countries they 'll see .
you risk your life for your country .
long enough to remind hunter that there was a world outside the navy , that there were other duties every bit as important as the one he owed to his country .
most mass - market furniture was manufactured out of the country , but the high - end market remained open to domestic companies .
he knew he was being watched by several foreign countries .
` ` we 're supposed to have a meeting in washington d.c . on friday with top military people , the secretary of state , and ambassadors from three foreign countries . ''
there is so much unrest in this country and i just do n't know if these troubles will pass or get worse .
building his hotel chain throughout africa must have given him powerful political contacts in the countries where he 'd invested big money .
all wrapped up in the religion and politics of his country . '
for the sake of our child , i ' m asking for top priority service , and since my mother has guided my father into donating millions to the medical system of this country , i consider it a reasonable request . ''
lucia was with them which ensured dante acted in a cousinly manner , affably fetching them drinks when requested , making occasional droll comments on the conversation about fashion in different countries , which lucia kept rolling as she leafed through magazines .
she wondered if she could be a midwife in other countries .
they 're not bankrupting the country like the aristocrats did in europe for their grand palaces in the old days .
in fact , i 'll go so far as to say the system in this country is mad .
but your lot ... . ' ' we actually keep the country going , creating jobs- ' ' sure , in china and other third world countries .
no country can be successful without its workers . '
we do n't own tracts of land , we own countries and politicians .
through complicated structures of off - shores companies they owned all the debt of all the countries .
' name me , ' he says conversationally , ' a politician , a leader of a country , an important man in any sphere , and tomorrow i will turn him to nothing . '
of course , i would prefer it if you did not pick prime ministers or presidents of countries .
without the powerful tentacles of a central bank in that country i have no way of tracking her financially either .
i even get that they start wars not because they are promoting democracy and freedom , but because they want the country 's oil or gold or whatever .
' if it is the children of the poorest countries , then i 'd give them the most precious commodity in the world - water , ' he suggests quietly .
i ' m still waiting for all the legal leg work and jargon to be over and done with , but the first thing we are doing is supplying clean , free water in poor countries . '
owning and operating the biggest , most successful security company in the country was bound to color your outlook on the world .
this is a free country , is n't it ? ''
his parents would n't have allowed it , and his country would n't stand for it . ''
the international police force with hundreds of member countries did n't make arrests or have its own jail , but it could and did provide much - needed data on suspected thieves , killers and just about any crime imaginable .
yes , various police forces from several countries had tried and failed to pin a crime on the corettis .
the police had never been able to pin a crime on the corettis and rico had n't been able to find her , no matter how many p.i.s he 'd hired in so many different countries he 'd lost count .
next she would have him composing sonnets to her beauty - and would n't that delight her sire , not to mention enliven the gossip at court in two countries !
moreover , henry had said more than once that if his daughter were old enough , he 'd marry her to james of scotland and end the interminable strife between the countries that way .
in fact , if things were different between their families and their countries , royce westmoreland and she would have been friends .
evidently , because she has , you think she 'll now be willing to betray her family and her country because of it .
` ` jenny , '' she said softly , her head bent , ` ` now that there 's to be peace between our countries , i was thinking i should be able to send you messages often .
she felt unclean and humiliated beyond words - humbled and brought to her knees before the populace of two entire countries .
and then , you could arrange it so that everyone in two countries knows that i shared your bed !
you forced me to lie with you and then you humiliated me in the eyes of two countries .
surely , she argued with her conscience , she would not be betraying her family or her country or anyone else by putting aside all the animosity that lay between the duke and herself - just for a few short hours .
in the spirit of the new truce between our two countries , henry and james have decided the scots will be invited to participate . ''
as if he read her thoughts , stefan said beside her , ` ` ' t is probably the first time in decades that so many people from our three countries have occupied the same territory without fighting over it . ''
in one day , she had defied family and country and knelt to him in front of seven thousand people ; she had been disinherited and disillusioned - and yet she could still stand at the windows and look out at the world with a smile touching her lips .
` ` on the same day yon saw me send letters to your uncle in four different countries and cancel my trip to london . ''
` ` thanks to aunt anne 's training , 1 can do that when there are nobles from five different countries present , '' she said .
amazing , is it not , that a country that prides itself on its refined manners has no compunction at all in discussing such things . ''
i understand b and c 's sales plummeted all over the country yesterday and the value of their stock has already dropped significantly .
she could n't believe everhardt had n't stopped to consider that , since she had n't been taken hostage by crazed terrorists in a foreign country , she probably would n't be going through that ` ` predictable sequence . ''
one out of every five women in this country is functionally illiterate .
and just when matt 's sympathy for her plight was at its peak , just when he realized the reporters had finally trapped her , she changed tactics and walked willingly into their trap in a way that made him draw in a sharp breath at her courage : ` ` at one time or another , '' she said , ` ` most of the female population of this country has probably imagined themselves in love with zachary benedict .
he watched her hesitate , then she lifted her eyes to the camera and said with a soft smile , ` ` at one time or another , most of the female population of this country has probably imagined themselves in love with zachary benedict .
there are a few groups starting up around the country , some of them funded by corporations , and one of them called ` ` literacy .
it is a male 's duty to do whatever he wishes , whenever he wishes , so long as he is prepared to defend his country should the occasion demand it in his lifetime - which it very likely wo n't .
for a country that prides itself on its delicate manners .
i got what i wanted and i ' m serving my country .
when these ads run , i think people will realize how much the country will benefit and contact their senators urging them to vote for the bill .
` ` according to polls most of the country is behind this initiative approved by both the house and the senate .
but contrary to the states , spain is described as a decentralized country , with central government spending estimated at less than twenty percent . ''
any country would bend over backward to accommodate him .
the administrative and managerial sectors could probably run a country , and so could the seamless mechanical , electronic and telecommunications systems .
it was only confusing that gao had built it in damhoor , where the average citizen had an income to rival that of the richest countries in the world and a comprehensive medical insurance .
` ` um - i ' m still not clear why gao is basing itself here , in one of a handful of countries in the world where its presence is n't needed .
... on damhoorian soil , gives gao a stable base of operations and the vast resources to reach out to the chaotic and impoverished countries in the region .
in the six years since he 'd become health minister , he 'd salvaged the medical system , reformed it , turned it into a model advanced countries were vying to emulate .
he was a man of state , in a conservative country .
he could swear he heard his heart fracturing when she smoothed his hair , leaned her head on his shoulder and murmured , ` ` i ' m just telling you that you have more important things to think about , a whole country , and more , sooner or later .
clients may have more money than some countries , but first and foremost , they 're people .
` ` ladies and gentlemen , we live in a country where every citizen has a right to trial by his peers .
` ` those were just some photo ops of us in the countries we visited during our promo tour .
it would probably amount to a developing country 's monthly budget , and i might get sick . ''
and on castaldini , royals are n't pursued and encroached on as they are in other countries .
to save king and country , she had to offer herself at the altar of the vicious deity he 'd turned out to be .
ruling a country is n't all plain sailing .
he 'd extended it for a week and had representatives of a dozen countries scrambling to readjust their schedules .
but before she could have even a word with him , the bidalyan government had bundled all the hostages , sending them back to their countries to close that case as quickly as possible .
the arrogant fool of a now ex - crown prince had voted against zohayd for an armed intervention in a neighboring country in the region 's latest defense summit , snapping the tenuous tolerance amjad had maintained for azmahar .
it 's supposed to be a free country . ''
there 's no reason why this country ca n't have a black president . ''
added on some nonsense about citizens from other countries being detained much longer .
` ` i got this because i realized i was n't in this country temporarily .
it 's a free country . ''
` ` it 's a free country , '' nolan told her .
how do you know it is n't already being spread across the country ? ''
i love to see the beauty and the colors of different countries , people and heritages . ''
beginning next week , the bachelor blog will be in syndication , appearing in select newspapers around the country .
` ` i ' m working on a big deal with a company in a conservative country , '' he said .
the bombing came at morning , just as workers were arriving for their day at a block of government buildings , where he was stationed as one of the few remaining us troops working in an ambassadorial capacity on the ground in that country .
he 's running stark international , which has about as many people as an emerging country .
that pedestrian form of checking in is apparently one of those pesky things that only those who do n't have the means to own small countries have to put up with .
i ' ve looked at the online collections of galleries all over the country .
` ` it 's more than the gnp of many countries , and it 's damn sure enough to keep me as comfortable as i want to be for the rest of my life and then some . ''
` ` step two : choose the country of adoption .
but i heard that the process goes faster if you choose a country yourself , so i went to the liberty of putting them all in a hat . ''
more than one country 's military was after him .
they 'd been sent to go in and out , cover and protect an ambassador 's wife and daughter and take them from a precarious , escalating situation in an unstable country .
it 's not licensed anywhere in the world , and is banned in several countries throughout the eu .
we go to mostly third world countries and provide medical care in dangerous areas , or places where other nonprofits wo n't go .
his father was one of the wealthiest men in the country , a business mogul worth several billion dollars .
before we left london , he took me to a doctor for a full physical , immunizations , a depo birth control shot , malaria and tb vaccines , and a long lecture on health precautions in third world countries .
his tone had gentled when he called her name again across countries and an ocean , and it felt to her as if his head were on the pillow next to her .
in the beginning , i had neighbors check in at his other residences in several countries .
i do n't care how rich you are or how many foreign countries you drag me into , this whole thing is ridiculous . ''
there 's only one other person i do this for free for , '' cam said , his voice stretching across the country like a big old texas - style hug .
he hoped to hell that dillon was in one of those countries that would be worse for dillon .
they have the money and the clout to keep their sick lifestyle hidden while parading in public as upstanding citizens of their country , and they were n't the only ones .
i ' ve served my country , seen six continents , started multiple businesses , slept with as many women as i pleased , made a fortune , found a family ... what 's left ?
there is still so much shame associated with accepting financial help in this country , even for our older citizens .
i ' m amazed i can ever sleep at night , knowing the pain i caused for god and country .
of all the mcs operating in this country , the very one that i almost devoted myself to as a kid has resurfaced in my life once more .
` ` how many laws that exist in this country actually serve to protect those who need protecting ? ''
` ` the fundamental rules that govern this country were put in place two hundred years ago .
` ` there are innocent people who get hurt when this country legally goes to war , too , '' kelly says .
by all appearances , this operation is exactly what it looks like to the untrained eye : an excellent idea for a startup that benefits people all over the country .
it drives me crazy that most of the people in this country trust the legal system implicitly , when it 's as fucked up and corrupt as anything else . ''
it was n't just his responsibility to protect his country and see to her best interests , it was his passion .
you are now in my country , regulated by my laws .
never had he allowed his personal feelings to get in the way of fulfilling his duties and protecting his country .
she 'd always been amazed that , even though he did n't have a law degree , he knew so much about not just the american legal system , but also about the european and asian countries as well , since his corporation was global .
marriage between people from different countries is complicated , especially people with money . ''
there was some conflicting information about which country 's laws we were being held to because i did not acquire residency of san marino after marrying . ''
after i saw that stella remained onboard , i sent mikaela and maxine back to the mainland and had them escorted back to the airport so they could get their respective countries .
` ` well he shares that with your father , along with breath - taking good looks and a fortune bigger than many small countries . ''
i ' m imagining formal speeches and tuxedos and uptight old men with bitter young wives wanting to bomb other countries and trample civil liberties .
that 's a whole different country .
and knowing her mother , she 'd played that ` ` my only son is fighting for our country '' card just to get sympathy from members of her father 's flock anyway .
and other countries i do business in frown at an unlicensed driver on their roadways . ''
different countries , different careers , different generations .
` ` it 's a free country .
do your country kin embarrass the big time pbr bull rider ? ''
it 'd been overwhelming at first , especially in countries where he did n't speak the language - he 'd almost turned tail and run home .
the things he can do with his mouth are probably illegal in a handful of countries , and i love them all .
` ` trust me , i would ' ve chosen another country if i was making it up . ''
they 'd had a pre - civil war southern debutante come through the gate the year before , but prior to that , they 'd gotten one suffragette and one modern she - wolf from a middle - eastern country that put serious restrictions on women 's rights .
` ` free country , which means i do n't have to answer it . ''
she believed that the function of the armed forces should be defensive only - to protect and defend the country , that americans might know peace and safety .
there were creatures everywhere in battlesuits from more countries and organizations than she could identify .
not some filch with no country , no dignity .
greg wilson was on the pompous side , but he owned one of the largest privately held corporations in the country .
she kept an eye on three parking garages in downtown atlanta for quinn , who probably owned more real estate than some small countries did .
with the massive alterant problem across the country right now , viper will probably bring in dakkar .
` ` reasonable guess , since we have a lot of beladors in militaries in allied countries . ''
` ` this is a killer we ' ve been hunting for eight years and who has caused unspeakable heartache to many families across the country .
it 's another country , not another century . ''
` ` the past is another country . ''
` ` do you think any country would want to fight an army of hybrids ? ''
possibly countries . ''
` ` time to get our country on , '' she said with a twinkle in her eye .
who is the president of our country , cole ? ''
we just dropped a nuclear bomb on our own country !
that 's how long they waited on ratheus before this country was bombarded with the world 's nuclear weapons supply .
` ` and it does n't help that this country 's leaders are likely being counseled by the sentinel and the witches , pointing fingers at our kind , pushing for harsh offensive tactics to eliminate us before this should happen again . ''
but more than that , he has a responsibility to this country .
the dolls and toys he refined and manufactured reached every country on the globe .
there were sketches of men in the gear of different countries .
` ` she did n't stick to countries . ''
though sebastian could hardly believe it , they must have left behind the war that still raged between the two countries .
he 'd thought back to the day the four brothers had made the fateful decision to take control of their country 's defense : no one else is getting the job done .
` ` nikolai believes he failed his country . ''
and that , other than defending his country , he 'd committed to nothing .
they could impact eighty percent of the country 's population within three days - eighty percent of the united states floundering as cincy now was , the tenuous balance between inderland and human crumbling as the undead starved and died .
each of the warriors had traveled to different countries to ferret out clues about the box , had no success and had quickly returned to learn what they could from here .
delicious curves were wrapped in a swath of material that might not pass for a bathing suit in some countries .
he begins again : ` ` a few centuries ago , the government of this country became interested in enforcing certain desirable behaviors in its citizens .
` ` obviously there are quite a few factors that determine personality , including a person 's upbringing and experiences , '' david continues , ` ` but despite the peace and prosperity that had reigned in this country for nearly a century , it seemed advantageous to our ancestors to reduce the risk of these undesirable qualities showing up in our population by correcting them .
instead of working against the poverty or crime that have run rampant over this country , these people have chosen to work against genetic damage .
i do n't know anything about this country or the way it works or what it needs to change .
it will be the only metropolitan area in the country governed by people who do n't believe in genetic damage .
sixteen years he 'd endured trauma after trauma for their country .
his mission in life was to protect his country .
we come from many countries and different t- '' he stopped to catch himself from saying something .
having lived in a hundred countries and speaking dozens of languages fluently , niccolo considered himself an educated man of the world .
` ` we work with refugees from war - torn countries , looking for missing loved ones . ''
i ' m sure the money also pays for the other privileges they enjoy - expediting border crossings to just about any country with no questions asked , immunity from the irs , body disposal , etc . ''
it did n't matter which country .
i gathered up my book bag and shoes for cross country and walked toward him .
he asked me a lot about australia , and we sat for about half an hour comparing the differences in words from the two countries , like jam versus jelly and sweater versus jumper .
` ` yeah , mike told me you were accused of ' crimes against your country ' . ''
this little guy does n't care what country you were born in or what religion you might practice or how much you weigh or who you might love . ''
' your father is in charge of the defence of this country , girly .
just name what countries you want to see and we 'll go , i promise- ' ' stop . '
i mean , that makes you the highest - ranking nobility in the country .
as i ' m the premier nobleperson in the country , it was my duty to welcome them .
` ` if you served our country in the armed forces , you deserve it . ''
` ` i guess it '' s possible they could be guardia di finanza tailing bianchi , but it '' s not really likely that they would be sanctioned to operate on a ship under another country '' s flag .
` ` in most countries you 'd have to pay for that . ''
he looked through all of ty 's books , finding half a dozen with cutouts and things hidden in them : passports , lockbox keys , money from several different countries , a flash drive , the emblem from the grill of the bronco , and one of elias sanchez 's dog tags .
their country ? ''
` ` is the country going to war ? ''
she might as well have accused me of being a terrorist , as though the national security of our country had the power to rise and fall with my zipper .
penny and cruz are shaping up to be the country 's next favorite naughty couple . ''
there are a few other countries where the numbers translate a little bit better . ''
` ` i have things planned for your body that are illegal in forty - eight different countries . ''
mom slaved away in the kitchen all day , working on a bounty that could nourish entire third world countries .
gage rattles off country after country , refusing to let his lips leave mine .
this bovine conspiracy was further justified by tad as yet another measure in taking down the financial structure of this great country , which evidently relies solely on sticking a cow 's ass in a grinder .
these heels are classified weapons in twelve different countries , banned in three , and i ' m not afraid to use them . ''
` ` switching countries are we ? ''
` ` you 're the reason we have to put instructions on shampoo bottles in this country , '' samantha calls out , earning a fist bump from brynna .
` ` countries ? ''
ambassadors from eleven european countries represented yours .
` ` not so far but seeing as i ' m entertaining half of the local pd and the sheriff 's police , handing out cups of my expensive , exclusive , only available on the internet and in some countries it 's so revered it 's used as currency coffee even beau 's not stupid enough to go there . ''
but i knew i had to take one for my country in order to provide them with a ruler who could be molded by myself , and a strong father , to be a good king .
but i must do this for my country i just wanted to ... wait .
you will simply need to find a way to stop the conception of a child until i can offer this service to my country .
she had not been as forthcoming with me including news about her upcoming nuptials and her mom and dad not being her biggest fans and the duty she had to her country .
and he did , including the fact that he was telling me information that it was likely , as princess of this country , i should know .
therefore , sjofn had not only hidden her preferences , doing so for her country and her father , the king , she 'd never allowed herself to act on them and vowed to her girls that in this world , for country and king , she never would ( which was extremely sad ) .
therefore , sjofn had not only hidden her preferences , doing so for her country and her father , the king , she 'd never allowed herself to act on them and vowed to her girls that in this world , for country and king , she never would ( which was extremely sad ) .
i also could n't imagine carrying the burden of sjofn 's responsibility to her country which forced her to hide her sexuality , something innate and so crucial to not only who she was but her happiness .
` ` my wife is a princess whose duty it is to birth the future king of our country .
they collaborated against you which means they collaborated against their country .
not to mention citizens of both countries had been parted from family members who were forced to live in different borders by halldor 's decision which was arguably fair to his sons but not - so - arguably unfair to his people .
both attempts were offers to build an alliance between nations including providing all in both countries with dual citizenship and uniting their taxes , treasuries and currency , but baldur would not hear of it .
he printed this at vast amounts beyond what was held in his country 's coffers making the printed tender mostly useless but baldur extortionately wealthy .
aurora entered the conversation at this point with , ` ` staunch lunwynians in middleland moving to reunite our two countries ? ''
` ` no , my queen , staunch middlelandians moving to reunite our two countries . ''
and under that rock is an abundance of coal which , if mined for the country and not to line baldur 's coffers , would make the nation rich .
it would only be a matter of course , and one which would be supported by many in both countries , enough for them to be moved to pick up arms , for broderick to move against atticus , securing both thrones , reuniting lunwyn and with finnie out of the way , doing so without direct competition for rule .
but our union would provide stability for our country , a mother for my children , a father for your child and company for us both .
most countries do n't even have kings or queens ! ''
` ` it does not escape me , cora , or the men in my study , that we are all married to women from your world , our feelings for our mates run unusually deep and the loss of any one of you would be devastating not only to us , your husbands , but also to each of our countries .
` ` i think it might be illegal in a few countries to play foreigner that low , '' she declared in her soft voice .
` ` i doubt england is one of those countries , '' cash returned .
she 'd even looked into getting julia a bank account , which right now seemed impossible due to laws put in place to prevent terrorist activities and thus julia had to be a resident of the country .
` ` ten specialists in four different countries .
strewn everywhere were fabric swatches and ribbons of every color ; wedding magazines from four different countries ; examples of party favors ; glossy brochures from wedding venues ; information pamphlets for different bands and djs ; invitation samples ; and lining the dining room table , were seven ( seven ! )
i do n't know if you 're gon na tell me someone 's been shot , you broke up with vance again or you ' ve decided to single - handedly plan a march on washington due to the lack of aids medications available to developing countries .
damn third - world country ! ''
hell , if she claimed to be president of her own country , i 'd just pour myself a glass of scotch and ask which one .
people should run when that smile appears ; countries should just give up - it 's not worth the bloodshed .
` ` we 're on every magazine in the country not to mention we were trending on twitter for an entire week .
because that 's the thing about the website ; taylor had specifically filtered it through a different country , so even if we did have some crazy person filing against the site ... we 'd block their ip .
what she needed was a protector , someone who could help stand up to her stepmother , someone powerful enough to help sofia fight for her country , for her throne .
guilt slammed into ash , for at one time , he and benedict had been the best of friends , that was , until ash had fled the country .
other countries ? ''
make me feel guilty for not protecting my country and all that ? ''
we are at a critical moment in our country 's history .
not only will she be serving her country in picking out the mole , but she will draw him out , '' wilkins finished .
i would rather drown myself in the river thames , but alas my country needs me , especially since their most notorious spy is rumored to have lost his touch .
` ` i ' m loyal to my country . ''
` ` even in the midst of absolute torture , you would still stay loyal to your country ? ''
betray your country .
they say he can speak over eleven different languages and has a mistress in every country !
the war office was at its wit 's end to lose one of the best spies our country has ever seen .
` ` going from country to country , traveling all over the world , not because you have a hit on you , but because you want to see the girl you love smile in every country god ever created . ''
she had seven passports that would gain her access into the countries i 'd previously chosen .
in the library , i manage to find a ledger called the list of leading royalty , nobility , and officials that sets out the royal families of each country , with notes that explain how we 're related .
which countries were at rest and which cities were at war .
did he speak of a traitor to his country ?
surrounded by furnishings fit for the finest palace and sipping a brandy that cost more than some small countries , viper appeared every inch a pampered aristocrat .
dante knew viper 's vault could arm entire countries .
and that there were enough ancient and modern weapons in the glass cases to take over a third world country .
the bastard always managed to look every inch the king with his dark hair slicked back in a tail and his muscular body clothed in a charcoal - gray suit that no doubt cost more than the gross national income of several small countries .
she 'd read everything she could get her hands on in the library about other countries , from compelling travel journals to somewhat dry atlases .
as always , she was amazed by the details of the groundbreaking legal case her mother had won and her father 's game - changing research on the economic effects of cell phones on developing countries .
now it 's cell phone towers all over the country . ''
so then why did it seem like he had as he said , ` ` in some countries it 's already a new year , you know . ''
if there was ever an information data dump to the press , everyone was going to scatter , disavow knowledge , and disappear into the populace of whatever country they wanted to settle in .
arranged by date , and with notes about countries and targets ... and exterminations .
` ` jim heron , the hero who ' saved ' you from me '' -the demon had to take both hands off the steering wheel to do the air quotes- '' made his living killing people for the country .
the logic was so sound , it was fundamental , and nothing different than , say , going to a casino that had a six - million - square - foot facility , enough catered food for a small country , and goddamned gold leaf everywhere - and being surprised that you lost all your money .
you fight amongst yourselves over the blocks of city streets or the lines of countries , because there is nothing external to unite you .
` ` my country would n't kill brilliant scientists because they 're in the way .
i wonder what countries you 're planning on going to .
the people who move to palm bonita are the dregs of the country . ''
` ` i tell him that one day , he 'll become a supreme court judge , and then for sure everyone in the country will know the martelli name . ''
only heirs to the thrones of different countries were allowed to be a part .
his skin was too olive for him to be for him to not be from one of the romance language countries .
` ` maybe you should think about what is best for your country and not what is best for your bed , dear brother . ''
` ` if they find out you 're hiding me , they 'll send me elsewhere and kill you in front of the entire country .
it was common gossip that her husband , edward , had just been a figurehead while she ruled the country with an iron fist , and apparently the same was true for daxton .
she talked about doing away with elsewhere and reverting to the system of government america had used before the ministers of the union had been formed , one where the elections were real and not a way for the harts to legitimize their stranglehold over the country .
there were mentions of the past , the world wars and long - dead kings of countries across the oceans , but as far as the textbooks were concerned , history began seventy - one years ago , when the first citizen of the union was marked and daxton 's grandfather became prime minister .
` ` what if you 're really a ii and suddenly you run the entire country ? ''
the country had- still has - a finite number of resources .
someone else can learn how to run the country for once .
` ` he has the rights i decide to give him , as do you and everyone else in this country . ''
as soon as daxton rallies the country again , we 'll lose our window . ''
it means upholding the foundation that has seen this country through its darkest hour .
` ` i did what i had to do to ensure the country 's stability .
augusta was so busy running the country in daxton 's place that i was all but forgotten in the aftermath .
it would be so easy to stand on a podium and tell the world that daxton was n't really daxton after all ; it would give celia the opening she needed to snatch the country from her mother , but i would also be signing my own death warrant .
without daxton , she wo n't be able to charm the country into believing whatever she wants .
and as i relayed the news of the attempt on daxton 's life and how he lay in the infirmary in a coma , i dared to hope that it was time for our country to be placed in the hands of someone who valued every life , not simply the ones who could make his better .
not only was he not her real son , but now he was free to run the entire country any way he pleased without a single person telling him what to do .
` ` allowing the old men of one country to exploit the young women of another because of economic need is ... wrong . ''
if he 'd really wanted to help someone in a third - world country , why had n't he donated to the red cross ?
so until you take over the country and do away with the equal rights amendment , spare me your opinions on hiring women . ''
in most parts of the country , full service had become a casualty of cost savings nearly two decades before .
` ` that 's the problem with the citizens of this country .
or why do n't i figure out what to do about the competition from other countries that 's driving down american beef prices ? ''
i just want them to stay in their own country .
` ` he will if he thinks it 's in his country 's best interest .
although they tried to put a patriotic slant on it- '' those sons of bitches have no right to come into our country !
` ` the owner of the eighth - largest engineering firm in the country .
in some countries , they 're happening today . ''
` ` okay , so i have the year , a first name , hair color , toy , country of origin .
` ` well , maybe it varies in different parts of the country , '' ethan said .
` ` but i want to visit as many countries as possible before graduation .
i have to admit , i ' ve always thought it was kind of odd that a senator would send his kid to a foreign country to be educated . ''
i ' m a citizen of both countries , i ' m fluent in both languages , and i ' m comfortable in both cities . ''
i do n't even belong to a single country .
` ` he even said that those going for citizenship can prove their loyalty to the country by engaging as well . ''
not only had i broken down , but i 'd done so in front of the country 's highest and mightiest .
not that i thought she minded , but knox was right : if she found out daxton was n't really daxton after all and she - or greyson - should have been ruling the country instead , she would have unleashed the blackcoats on somerset without a second thought .
we would have the ability to effectively strip him of his power completely and give the country something to unite against , all in one fell swoop . ''
celia is far too unstable to take control of the country by herself right now , not to mention everyone thinks she 's dead .
there was no such thing as freedom , not in this country , and if knox was serious about framing benjy for his crimes , then there was no telling what daxton might do to him for treason .
but if it meant freedom and choice for every single person in this country , then i would .
you were going to be one of the most powerful people in the entire country .
` ` my uncle , prime minister daxton hart , is working tirelessly to secure the country from the dire threat they pose , and he will stop at nothing until he has ensured the safety of every last american life .
we also study the royal houses of france , for according to the nuns , france is the biggest threat to our country 's independence , especially since our duke banded together with other great lords in an attempt to depose the french regent .
the deed has not gone unpunished , and hostilities have broken out once again between our countries .
` ` i know that her hand in marriage has been promised to half the princes in europe and that she has vowed to keep our country 's independence . ''
the port lombart controls will be critical should war break out again between our countries .
then i remember that this man is betraying my country , my duchess , and i pull tighter , praying to mortain for strength .
` ` we punish those who betray our country . ''
and while you and your saint are interested in meting out retribution , i am interested in information that can guide our country out of this wretched hole we are in . ''
surely mortain will make his wishes known to me tonight , and i will be able to deal with our country 's traitors in a manner suited to their crimes .
just as i must know what weapons i have in my arsenal in order to do mortain 's work , so must the duchess know what tools are available to her in her struggle to maintain her country 's independence .
` ` my mother got it into her head that what our country needs is a duke , not a duchess .
not with the duchess in such dire straits , for if she fails to maintain her country 's independence , the convent will surely suffer .
` ` i have always put my country first . ''
` ` this is good news for our duchess and our country , let us not forget that .
` ` you have a duty - a duty- to your country and count d'albret to honor the agreement your father made . ''
both the duchess and duval know they bargain for the very life of their country .
with our country so often at war , the ducal palaces have always had escape routes out of the castle . ''
` ` he is a good man at heart , your grace , and no doubt thinks he is doing what 's best for his country . ''
` ` i told her that one of our country 's greatest heroes and my father 's closest ally would never betray my sister in such a way . ''
these men can not all be traitors to our country .
the gathering political storm is bearing down on our country .
from all reports , the duchess 's court has splintered into factions , leaving her and our country even more weak and vulnerable than before .
not only that , but in wedding the king of france , you would be setting brittany 's true heir upon the french throne - you would bear that country 's future kings .
` ` our country is beset from all sides and there is a chance that i have the power to help .
his majesty the king of france and i have discussed the future of our great countries and find that we have more in common than we have differences .
i study this woman who was behind so much of the hostilities between our countries and wonder what drove her .
22 the past is another country a day later , they were still mopping vomit off the floor and blood from the walls .
` ` take care of yourself , mr . archer , and thank you for your service to our country . ''
i can name both of my senators and i understand how payroll taxes work on account of i ' ve worked at my dad 's shop every summer since i was thirteen and i can probably find most major countries on a map if you give me a second .
the five - carat emerald cut baguette diamond on a thin white - gold band did cost as much as a small country 's gross domestic product , but that 's information she does n't need to know .
ian has more money than small countries .
` ` every drug and drug dealer in the country knows your father . ''
when the rest of the squad programs across the country were axed , the bayport program was expanded , helping the government to keep an eye on a very specific group of people : the bad guys .
while i 'd been having fun one - on - one time with chloe , one of the twins had swiped my backpack and upgraded it to some kind of designer purse big enough to carry a small country in the side pouch .
` ` it 's a free country . ''
keeping his thoughts still , nix flowed through the halls and safeguards of one of the country 's most secure buildings .
i even have a couple girls that live in other countries .
the massive layoffs in our own country . ''
the snitch is wearing a hoodie and baggy jeans , the universal attire of a teenage hoodlum , no matter the country .
a kiss that 's going to be plastered on every fucking screen across the country .
everyone in the room was working on a variety of supplement products of the type found in health and fitness stores across the country .
` ` officially , at least , most people in this country still hold the view that the paranormal is the province of science fiction , fantasy , quacks , gurus , talk - show guests and frauds .
all that agricultural equipment you so generously donated to various developing countries ?
` ` it 's been over a year , but as i recall it had something to do with some agricultural equipment requests from a charitable foundation that was doing work in developing countries .
this country owes them more than it knows .
it 's a free country .
he offered all three of us a thrilling career filled with action and adventure as well as the opportunity to use our psychic talents in the service of our country . ''
but do you know who 's filling up the ranks at the poverty line in this country ?
it was on the edge of both worlds , a place without countries or cops , where the cast - offs like her washed ashore .
each country had an enemy .
` ` it 's people like you who keep this country safe for democracy , '' gabe said .
` ` ... dr . montoya gave me an understanding not only of how business works in a free country but of what we who make our living in business owe to our communities and our nation .
` ` she has a great deal to give to this country . ''
future of the country depends on making sure that the facts in my logs are available to the concerned citizens of this nation .
` ` it 's a non - extradition country .
we know they ' ve been arranging shipments of arms out of this country and then selling them overseas , but there were too many missing facts for us to close the net .
do you have a woman in love with you in every country ? ''
he 's trying to protect the people fighting for his country .
i could walk into a roomful of diplomats and plunge the country into war .
she knew that kidnapping was a lucrative business in some third - world countries .
it was on the edge of both worlds , a place without countries or cops , where the castoffs like her washed ashore .
we kill for our country . ''
he does n't care about the security of the country or the mission .
i have news for you , mister , slavery has been abolished in this country in eighteen ninety with the immunization proclamation , '' audrey said .
` ` because i believe someone must protect the country from the hand .
nothing too sacred for queen and country .
from what i ' ve heard , the kind of shit they do to their bodies is banned in other countries .
hell , he 's a threat to the entire damn country .
in his own eyes he 's doing exactly what i used to do - serving his country the best he can .
if we attack it , we 'll have people from both countries on our trail .
what kind of country would do that ? ''
` ` the countries are horizontal : canada , united states , mexico .
new countries sprang up .
shifters had moved to the austin shiftertown from all corners of the globe , because most countries did n't want shifters living in them at all .
` ` what do you think the country of origin for this is ? ''
a citizen of the country was subject to its laws , and while some people thought it was unfair , they still had to obey them .
daniel did carry a certain weight of authority she noticed aristocrats had in any country , the knowledge that lesser beings would get out of the way for them .
and it was this - his ability to recite the first fifty digits of pi , to list all the countries of the world in alphabetical order , to calculate the square root of any number almost instantly- all this , he knew , was his ticket out of here .
i mean , if a whole country can bounce back from something like that , then it sort of seems like anything 's possible . ''
there were only fifteen high school students from across the country who would get to spend the first three weeks of august studying poetry while staying in the harvard dorms .
all her life , she 'd heard about him on the news , followed his speeches and campaigns , his family vacations , his dinner parties and fund - raisers , but she was no better informed than anyone else in the country .
` ` it 's not like the lines lead to separate countries , '' he mutters .
all these years , she 'd imagined her parents were out there in the world trying to take in as much as possible : photos and stories and memories , check marks on a list of countries and pins on a globe .
` ` do you have such little faith in me that you think i would freaking leave you when you 're off defending our country ?
when my brother ambushed me , i allowed my country to believe i 'd been killed so that my son could rule .
every country in the world had legends about vampires .
in some countries of the world , that was as binding as a marriage contract .
another hundred dollars procured a driver 's license from the same country .
she was a pretty woman , after all , and men had been known to betray confidences and countries for less .
through the years , she had acquired property in a number of towns and cities , not only in the states , but in a good many foreign countries , as well .
` ` one of them contains a list of all known vampires , their countries of origin , and their favorite cities and hangouts .
communication between foreign countries had once taken months ; now e - mails and text messages flew across the country or across the world with the click of a mouse .
` ` yeah , that half - mile is practically like living in different countries , right ? ''
but america , england , mexico , canada , japan , switzerland , and the scandinavian countries adopted a more tolerant attitude .
` ` south america has n't been good to vampires as a whole , but peru is not as hostile as the other countries , and i was able to talk to a few vampires i had n't heard of before . ''
vampires in the inhospitable parts of the world were making efforts to immigrate to countries that tolerated them , with the result that our congress was considering various bills to limit undead citizens from claiming political asylum .
some countries , after the initial shock had worn off , had begun working to include vampires in the mainstream of life ; others had pronounced vampires nonhuman and urged their citizens to kill vampires on sight ( easier said than done ) .
it remained so in countries that had n't accepted the existence of vampire with the tolerance america had shown .
america had the distinction ( along with canada , japan , norway , sweden , england , and germany ) of being a country that had responded to the great revelation with relative calm .
since a few heavily catholic and muslim countries had adopted a policy of killing vampires on sight , the u.s . had begun accepting vampires as refugees from religious or political persecution , and the backlash against this policy was violent .
not in every country .
he wanted to know what i could do for my country and his career .
they 'd put me in rooms with the intelligence agents of other countries or with americans they suspected of awful things .
his original novels have been published in more than fourteen languages in countries around the world .
i 'd never wondered about those in other countries , and now i closed my eyes and winced at my own stupidity .
i could search by country of residence , country of origin , name , or last sighting .
i could search by country of residence , country of origin , name , or last sighting .
started by reagan in the eighties , its sole purpose is to defend against another country 's attack .
once she 'd given me instructions to get some prenatal vitamins and enough information pamphlets to inform a third world country , i was told to make an appointment in six weeks ' time for a scan at the end of my first trimester .
` ` species - ism among supernaturals really is the last bastion of acceptable prejudice in this country , '' mall said , then seemed to realize i was dressed in leather and holding my sword .
but we can fight back against the supernaturals ' attempt to undermine our country .
both were from european countries , so that did n't really narrow the list .
the other countries who hate us will see it as a golden opportunity to strike , '' walsh said , grim .
she tilted the bottle again and her eyes closed briefly , her golden lashes sweeping down to conceal what could be considered weapons in certain countries .
marines needed to be professional and conduct themselves like the representatives of this country they were .
more money than some small countries .
` ` there are references to at least two dozen countries where experiments were held , '' lily said , ` ` but nothing else , nothing of real use . ''
` ` but working from a list of twenty - four countries instead of two hundred narrows the field . ''
between the prostitution houses they owned in a number of countries worldwide , as well as the auctions they sustained in the vampire world , they generated eighteen billion dollars a year .
the tall domed ceilings were painted with historic and mythological scenes from every country around the globe .
do either of those countries make serious cgi films ? ''
none of them had fought through a wall of human flesh to defend god and country , women and children .
just like an election in any other democratic country .
children in third - world countries ca n't be expected to sew our cheap shoes straight . ''
i do n't know the man smiling with the tv host or the man dining with the country 's most famous journalist .
even though other countries knew of the existence of the technology , it was n't like they could swat every fly and stomp every spider .
` ` if somebody does n't send some antibiotics back here we wo n't last long enough for you to ransom us off to our country in exchange for whatever the going rate is for students . ''
luck was a relative thing in a country that stoned women to death .
` ` because i teach you english , i also teach you about english - speaking countries .
refreshments had been set up , fruits , cheeses , and a cake bearing both countries ' seals .
i think there are countries that use children as soldiers and weapons for the very reason that we 're vulnerable in that arena .
and have dreams that did n't involve guns and international plots , instead settled into desk jobs where they could serve their country and still have a life .
she 'd ridden in countless military transports during her days as a field operative , slipping in and out of countries .
this country needed what he had to offer .
having a foreign country learn the locations and taskings for intelligence - gathering satellites would be costly .
the country needed him at the helm , guiding national policy on satellite - defense programs .
i wanted to go over from the minute i finished training , to have my chance at defending my country . ''
he was meeting with contractors from other countries . ''
` ` contractors from different countries ?
if another country knows when you 're watching them ... '' shit .
how many new scars on top of old ones would he have to bear for his country ?
the united states air force band played the national anthems of each country represented during the closing ceremony for the weeklong summit .
ngo workers and military medics on loan from other countries brought freshly wounded faster than he could treat them .
of course anyone who had a weapon would be wise to keep it close right now , with the country in such unrest .
aircraft had been flying in and out at a regular clip , transporting humanitarian relief from the u.s . , canada , brazil , italy , and cuba , and the list of countries grew by the day .
a security - force guy wearing another country 's uniform charged up the stairs to the next cottage - where he and his team were bunking - and pounded on the door .
a mixture of local police and military cops from more countries than he could count stood guard beyond , as far as the eye could see .
the beauty of smuggling so many terrorists into the country ?
` ` without question , you ' ve sacrificed more than your fair share for your country .
` ` your country appreciates your sacrifice . ''
she 'd agreed to assist the military , her country and the united states working together on something she could not know in detail .
i realize it will help both of our countries , and in spite of rumors about my vanity , i do love my country more than myself . ''
bringing someone from a country not on the list raised a red flag in his head .
and that terrorists outside of the country are using these teens to carry out a plot to set off some kind of explosion during the upcoming congressional hearing . ''
` ` my old man was court - martialed for smuggling drugs into the country in his military cargo plane .
they 'd helped avert a bombing , a kidnapping , and even managed to provide the information needed to stop a major shipment of illegal munitions from being smuggled into the country .
while 99 percent of the population was muslim , the country adhered to its secular makeup , which included banning by law head cover in government buildings , schools , and universities , for both males and females .
` ` nice job , '' he said in spanish , since that was his cover country .
gage had spent the past four hours bragging to any woman who would listen about his high - profile military career , a fine line to walk , since the man really did possess secrets that could topple security in more than one country .
a trio of uniformed cops from different nato countries strode out , discussing where to eat , clearing his line of sight to the far corner .
he 'd been so busy flying around the world to save people in other countries he 'd let down his own sister .
` ` my c-17 was transporting a political contingent across europe for goodwill visits to a number of countries over the christmas holidays .
but because of those very problems with spreading terrorist factions , she 'd stressed more than ever the need for strengthening ties between their country and representatives from countries on their list .
but because of those very problems with spreading terrorist factions , she 'd stressed more than ever the need for strengthening ties between their country and representatives from countries on their list .
no way even of determining who was from what country .
` ` it does n't matter how popular or unpopular a public official is , there will be threats from inside and outside the country . ''
` ` you would have found your way around the grief , but there 's no question it 's to our country 's advantage you channeled that energy into finishing out benjamin 's term . ''
strange how , in the past , meetings with the heads of state of other countries had given her less anxiety than the upcoming one with her boys .
and then from the middle of the mayhem emerged her burly father , big and alive , someone she 'd alternately adored and resented all her life , depending on which country he parked himself in at the end of the day .
the attack on the embassy had failed years ago , but rebel factions like the ones responsible for shooting sara were still jockeying for control of the country .
he 'd told her lucia would suffer for any further betrayal of their family and country .
he owed it to his country to regain power .
` ` a quarter of this country is on ramon 's payroll . ''
he grieved for his country that men like padilla gained power .
more proof that his country needed a return to the old days when traitors were n't just shot .
` ` one country 's criminal is another country 's freedom fighter .
` ` one country 's criminal is another country 's freedom fighter .
how could he have sold out his country by smuggling terrorist - supplied opium in his restaurant 's shrimp trawlers ?
` ` if you landed in a country we 're not at war with , how did this happen ? ''
a country he 'd sworn to protect with his life .
a challenging way to serve her country while fulfilling her dream of being a doctor .
for once she missed the stifling robes that had been mandatory garb for women in her country .
her job bred familiarity with the maze of diplomatic channels required even to bring food into this country .
i am twenty - three years old , well of age by your country 's standards , unmarried , without ties to this place , so there is no reason for me to be denied my wish . ''
she would kill in defense of her country .
intelligence officers in her country certainly never looked like this man .
the smile fell away , replaced by the newer danny , the man who drew a gun in foreign countries with little or no backup .
and right now , your country needs you to get the hell off this island .
other countries have been doing it with money for years .
the guy had sold out his country , turned traitor .
over the months , his daughters ' mother had become depersonalized to nothing more than a country .
erase the car seat and zach personified the warrior spirit , protector of his country whatever the cost .
on any given day , war or peacetime , the us military has troops deployed in seventy countries .
then when he 'd chosen service to country over a seven - figure nfl income with the broncos- even she had to admire him for that .
` ` even all those times you made me crazy and i thought you were some jock skating on his blocking skills , i always respected the way you turned down the big bucks to serve your country . ''
` ` i did some research , and there 's an adoption agency placing orphans from war - ravaged countries .
` ` it 's a free country , '' sam reminded him .
he turned independent contractor , picked up a few contracts that enabled him to support himself , and within a few years he 'd perfected a system that revolutionized the capabilities of the country 's next proposed fleet of military jets .
luckily i had connections and i 'd already been working privately on a system that would revolutionize the capabilities of our country 's next fleet of military jets .
riley had been about to add , it 's a free country , when he noticed lizzie 's wide - eyed stare .
even putting aside momentarily the fact that most children his age do n't even know that the international monetary fund exists , let alone what it is- '' ` ` it 's an international organization of a hundred and eighty - four countries , '' alex offered in as matter - of - fact a voice as hannah had ever heard .
and to give help to countries who owe lots of money to other countries . ''
and to give help to countries who owe lots of money to other countries . ''
he relegated his youngest offspring to the netherworld of slurs to polite society , where also dwelled things like income taxes , domestic wines , third world countries and the democratic party .
research chemists were a competitive bunch , each trying to be the first to make the big breakthrough that would change a ) healthcare as we know it , b ) warfare as we know it , or c ) women 's wear as we know it , since those were the big three industries in this country .
` ` you know , this country 's in big trouble if the best spies they can produce can be tempted from the job by a little cooked albumen fancied up with mayonnaise and paprika . ''
he was a senior administrator for a government organization whose business was to protect the country from evildoers .
if he succeeded in what he planned , he 'd be hunted for the rest of his life , by representatives of every country on the planet .
` ` whoever has it in their possession could use it to cripple just about any enemy to the country they 'd like .
instead , they 'd done what she supposed they considered the greater good - taking out of circulation a weapon that might have been used against the country otherwise , a weapon the country might now be able to use on their own enemies instead .
instead , they 'd done what she supposed they considered the greater good - taking out of circulation a weapon that might have been used against the country otherwise , a weapon the country might now be able to use on their own enemies instead .
this is that top one percent of the country 's population that claims ninety - nine percent of its wealth . ''
sailors often brought back souvenir coins from the countries they 'd made port in , and mick would find the coins as he hurriedly searched the ships he raided .
there 're too many who would rather see the country 's funds go elsewhere . ''
seven years that should have culminated in his becoming prime minister and the de facto leader of the most powerful country on earth .
` ` are you questioning my honor , my very loyalty to my country ?
in this country , a servant could be turned off without reference - or worse - for such an act .
the man 's antiterrorist stance had only strengthened since then , and he now went to any lengths to eliminate threats to his country or his position of power .
so did his naivete about how to run a country .
` ` but that 's what happens when you 're the daughter of a powerful man - you 're forced to share your father with the rest of the country . ''
our country is in disarray , and its prime minister is playing childish games , '' orlov said through clenched teeth .
juliet knew that the second the cops arrived on the bloody scene and discovered that the prime minister 's daughter was nowhere to be found , they 'd have every law - enforcement agency in the country searching for the missing girl .
he happens to be the defense minister of your lovely country . ''
` ` your ministry is charged with maintaining national security and ridding our country of terrorists , '' karin snapped .
` ` stacie 's kidnapping is dominating every news outlet in the country .
orlov 's got an entire military to run , which means convincing his rich friends to open their wallets to fund the country 's defense .
when my colleagues realize the threat these maniacs pose to our country , they 'll join with me to remove belikov from office .
alexei mironov and his prf rebels were bragging to the country that they 'd executed the defense minister , and juliet saw no point in letting the world know that orlov had been responsible for all the deaths the prf had taken credit for .
` ` and by the way , eavesdropping is punishable by death in some countries . ''
` ` they think he 's giving the country a bad rep . my girl went in to remedy that . ''
though contact had begun to be reestablished with other areas of the united states and foreign countries , the population was still too small to establish any permanent communication that did n't involve traveling long distances .
in some countries they were even ruling powers . ''
no one wanted them in any of the countries where whitney had found them .
he was brilliant , an amazing soldier , and had contributed significantly to his country 's safety , and yet this was the man whitney was so willing to sacrifice .
i can imagine dozens of countries as well as drug cartels and terrorist organizations very interested in acquiring your brother , but there is n't anyone who would have a reason to come after me . ''
how did soldiers from a foreign country make entry into the united states with the weapons they had ?
other countries around the world purchasing her products for military use also investigated her and she 'd come up clean .
his work is unsurpassed by anyone as of yet and many countries would love to get their hands on him .
i have permits to carry weapons , even in your country . ''
` ` later we found out he 'd betrayed his country and fed the terrorist cell intel , helping them set off three simultaneous bombs in paris , so there was a good reason for him slowing us down .
i insist on visiting all corporations or countries who wish to purchase one of my satellites .
our work is very unpredictable , especially if we decide against selling to a corporation or country who believes they have a right to our equipment . ''
you 're a soldier , sworn to protect your country .
what he 's given to this country ? ''
both have got to go if the president in that country is ever going to stabilize it . ''
his ego was far too large to go long without wanting to lead the military and country in the direction he believed it should go .
he 's a steady , reliable man with a good mind and extremely loyal to his country .
his descent into madness was not without brilliance , and those loyal to him would only see the brilliance , the drive to protect his country .
certainly many people believed in a strong military nation , and the continual attempts at diplomacy in the face of terrorists or acts of aggression from some countries might be enough to persuade them that whitney had the answers .
if both pzs are compromised , then we secure our own transport and try to get to a friendly country . ''
i guess he has the right to sacrifice one or two if it helps our country to be stronger .
the ghostwalkers are weapons created to aid our country and human soldiers in any way possible .
he skates around the law for the sake of advancing science for humanity and his country .
the feeling of being abandoned was strong , thrown away by an ungrateful government , left to die in a country they 'd tried to help .
` ` el presidente is waging war with the cartels to get his country back .
he said whitney was upset that the u.s . was aiding the country in any way as long as that el presidente held office .
i ' m serving our country just as whitney wanted .
they were offering her the opportunity to have everything she 'd ever wanted - a family - and to be able to serve her country as part of an elite unit .
they showed off their talents , sparing no country , no man , woman , or child , with one idea : working for the highest bidder .
are we really going to believe that we tracked these weapons through three countries and during all that time they were under heavy guard , and now they 're just left unattended in a warehouse a block from jaimie ? ''
he considers himself a great patriot and defender of the country .
maybe he had one of his own , as he knew other members of his team certainly did , but they channeled their aggressive natures onto a path for service of country .
abrams controls a great deal in the market and some say he 's part of the real power in the world , not necessarily the leaders of the countries .
we have a chance to make the united states the most powerful country in the world .
we could change entire governments , put people in office friendly to our country and no one , no one , would be the wiser .
` ` i ' m guessing anything to do with north korea right now is n't going to be good , not when our countries are posturing at each other . ''
` ` because we are n't in enough trouble already , with both countries pissed off at each other over the nuclear issue . ''
we have a situation that could throw our country and all our allies into war .
frank koit and a man he recognized from the many photographs they 'd studied on doomsday , jarold carlyle ; two of the most wanted men in a number of countries .
he 'd traveled to ten foreign countries in two weeks , working on forming a collective pool of multinational antiterrorist information for an elite assassination squad .
they are superweapons , sworn to protect this country and everyone in it .
peter wanted superweapons for his country .
once it got out that whitney made supersoldiers , the technology was worth billions to other countries , '' ryland explained .
if you succeed , you 'll come back to them , but you 'll remain under the general 's command and serve your country when needed .
i ' m no spy for a foreign country .
he 's not going to be giving other countries supersoldiers , so who is leaking the information ?
` ` they 're talking about selling out our country from the white house . ''
` ` higgens was selling secrets to other countries .
` ` he would if they were selling secrets to foreign countries , especially now with all the terrorist attacks .
he adopted female babies from foreign countries and experimented on them .
` ` colonel higgens tried to highjack his program and sell the information to other countries , and he was stopped .
if whitney told his people he needed to fake his own murder and disappear , well , it was one more sacrifice for his country .
` ` we ' ve taken out targets in nearly every country in the world , briony , and no matter how top secret our status , our names have leaked out a couple of times in the past .
if he has that kind of clout , he could easily smuggle someone out of one country and into another , '' briony protested .
` ` so bringing unwanted orphans into the country , virtually buying them and using them as human lab rats to experiment with genetic enhancement , psychic enhancement , and cancer does n't fall into the accepted regulations ?
peter whitney had bought orphans from various countries and enhanced them first .
he would never , under any circumstances , betray his country .
from one end of the country to the other , teachers and students and private corporations seek grants , '' kaden mused aloud .
` ` we crossed paths a couple of times in a couple of countries .
the men in some countries have a different philosophy toward women .
does she have any ties to romania or any of the countries the range goes through ? ''
education is all important , world affairs , the politics , cultures and running of every country .
it had been too many centuries where he was a man without a country .
we ca n't take the time to drive and go through all the borders of each country .
they have a political agenda and that agenda does n't follow the dictates of the countries lycans live in . ''
` ` each pack , no matter the country , serves in the military for that country and hold jobs just as humans do .
` ` each pack , no matter the country , serves in the military for that country and hold jobs just as humans do .
` ` bodies turned up in other packs and other countries .
small by their standards , large by anyone who had n't lived in a country manor all her life with jets at her disposal and a clothing allowance that could feed small countries .
` ` the right to defend myself and my family is still legal in this country . ''
but protecting you without your country 's involvement is tricky .
i ' m not a threat to your country . ''
the last thing carter wanted was more politicians like his uncle running the country .
his reach covered a dozen states and three countries .
as you already know , politicians might sit on opposing sides of the fence on how to pass bills and run this country , but all of you have one common bond .
` ` makes a difference in smaller countries , but are n't that dramatic here .
pursed lips and scowl intact , mrs . laurens offered a half a smile , half a scowl that might prove to be a lethal weapon in this country .
the government of this country starts to unravel and they search for power that will help them gain control of the people . ''
the political world is volatile and on the brink of civil war in nearly every ' free country ' .
half the men in this country had those characteristics .
but the last time i looked , we live in a free country .
since my father ca n't exactly be angry with the prime minister of a country , he seems perfectly okay with me being here .
she 's happy enough that i ' m getting exposure to culture and all , but she wishes that i 'd get that exposure in a country that she 's actually heard of before .
who cares if it is a foreign country and i do n't know the language ?
i do love hearing about other countries .
he 's obviously seen so much shit , so much terrible shit , all while ' standing on a wall ' to protect me and everyone else in this country .
` ` i ' m sure brand does n't want it known that the only reason he ever served his country was as a punishment for assault and battery .
but not very much time , despite the war between their two countries .
` ` i ' ve had houses in dozens of countries over the years .
` ` i ' ve seen countries rise and fall .
we lose women in our country to domestic violence every day , so thanks for making me feel good about my job today . ''
did you know that of all the developed countries , we have the lowest per capita ownership of these eco - friendly forms of transportation ?
` ` bring it , country ! ''
he was supposed to be making a stronger soldier ... to help protect the country . ''
the doc was a mental case , and as soon as she got out of this joint , she 'd blast her story loud and proud to every media outlet in the country .
two even from different countries , before you went missing .
` ` anton devast is a terrorist wanted in over a dozen countries .
it was leverage because you were too close to finding out- '' ` ` that you were a traitorous bastard who 'd sold out not one but two countries ?
some very well - connected civilians with pull in too many countries to count .
the executioner was an international killer , and because he hunted in so many places , it was hard for one country - and that country 's authorities - to track him .
the executioner was an international killer , and because he hunted in so many places , it was hard for one country - and that country 's authorities - to track him .
` ` i think gunner 's been working with them all along , using his ties to the eod to bring the drugs into the country . ''
he was also wanted in about four countries .
he protects his country and his team .
as for what the guy had done this time ... sold out his country , traded with an arms dealer , took blood money and thought that he 'd get away scot - free .
` ` selling out his country . ''
in every country that you know and even in those small - ass ones you do n't .
since i left oregon , other facilities have opened up around the country .
that the incidence of suicide is spreading to other developed countries and they 're paying close attention to the program , hoping to adopt one of their own .
` ` what you have to understand is that this is much like humans having the right to vote for who is president , or prime minister , or whatever they term the ruler of their country .
he 'll figure that after the battle there 'll be enough casualties to mean that some countries are without a high master .
i mean , even my human country 's leaders got together with their enemies from time to time , to try and work things out .
in my country , we celebrate honors with a toast and a special drink .
our aim is to develop via - ble and ecologically sustainable methods of farming for third world countries ; our ultimate goal is to help eradicate hunger and poverty across the globe .
chapter 1 electi mae koskinen was one of her country 's most elite soldiers .
that program had resulted in a diverse ethnic population that had better resisted mephistopheles until a vaccine was developed and had allowed the runa to become the dominant country it was today .
it was this fascination that had spurred her to examine the country 's preoccupation with itself and how the media defined its image .
` ` i want to serve our country , '' he explained .
maybe it was because he actually made her feel like he wanted to improve his country for the sake of doing good , rather than out of the unquestioning devotion she so often saw in others .
justin always rebuffed their attempts at interrogation saying things like , ` ` remember the part where i work on this country 's security ?
there 's been talk for a while between both countries about a diplomatic visit - some sort of friendly delegation going in to try to better understand our neighbors and their ways . ''
` ` i study religion to protect my own country .
young master sandberg is going to be serving our fine country as a senatorial intern .
he has this crazy idea that he can sway the polls by going off on some great ambassadorial trip to arcadia to foster friendship between our countries . ''
` ` got waylaid by some lobbyists who just could n't seem to understand that our country 's security was more important than setting up a golf date . ''
he launched into what tessa could tell was a well - prepared statement on how it was more important to take a risk for his country 's well - being than stay safe on the campaign trail .
lucian likewise reiterated what he 'd said before about duty and how he did n't care if it cost him in the election , so long as he aided his country .
you and i are lucky that our ancestors listened to the loud voices that joined up with asian countries against mephistopheles . ''
whatever gets broadcast about us will be full of propaganda and make us out to look like the immoral country they think we are .
you 'd never guess our two countries ' soldiers are constantly skirmishing along the border .
the country 's religious dictates had strong stances against pre - marital ( or pre - concubine ) sex , and although justin was n't naive enough to believe it did n't happen , it probably did n't happen nearly as much as it should have .
the estate 's main house had a dining room large enough to hold a table that seated both countries ' officials and carl 's sons , as well as a smaller table off to the side where the gemman women were directed to .
i find those whose religious practices are a danger to our country .
the people have a right to know the truth , and if you care anything about this country , you 'll use your inside connections to find out more about dr .
we were just talking about the importance of today 's youth showing interest and involvement in our country . ''
atticus had done a pretty thorough job , and by the time the meal was finished , justin found himself surprisingly calm about going off to meet the secular leader of one of his country 's greatest enemies .
president campbell and lucian smiled and simpered at each other as they toured the capital building and made grandiose claims for the futures of their country .
tensions between their own countries might be taboo , but the provinces provided a safe third party that gemmans and arcadians alike could mock .
justin had just spent the first part of the day with the country 's secular leaders , yet combined , they did n't wield the power of this one man alone .
` ` our country maintains an open policy toward religious belief . ''
` ` even so , you have a good eye for what 's important to your country , as do i . ''
and that 's why i brought you here today , to seek your help in a great endeavor that will unite our countries in a harmonious future . ''
and while crossing that line has worked well for your country , i ' m afraid it 's just something ours is n't ready for . ''
` ` your country accepted the vaccine when ours invented it , '' said justin lightly .
` ` well , '' said the grand disciple , shooting justin a wry look , ` ` i would n't say ' accepted ' so much as purchased at exorbitant rates - and that was only when your country was willing to sell , which certainly took a while .
gold and jewels exchange easily in both our countries . ''
nehitimar wo n't have the power at home that he has here , but letting servants of a god like that into our country is a bad idea , politically and spiritually .
` ` and they 're not really a model country . ''
` ` i ' m not risking our country 's well - being for you to gain some laurels that 'll buy you the election . ''
` ` getting a couple of arcadian scholars or whatever they call themselves to come talk about their country would be great for all of us . ''
` ` even if he knows there really are supernatural powers scrambling in our country , it 's better my involvement - and yours - stays under wraps .
she put the greater good of her country and commanders over her personal wants - except for this .
` ` they were trained by a programmer who defected from your country a few years ago .
` ` well , '' corrected justin , ` ` our country does .
they claim it 's a threat to us and our country , but i do n't know how we can get a hold of it .
` ` we 'll have to be content with pulling off one heroic act in our country 's defense and let that one go . ''
he 's up for election , you see , and this trip is going to go a long way to help his image , showing how proactive he is about peace between our countries .
to be honest , i expected a long drawn - out battle over this ... you 'd sounded so uncertain about anyone speaking about nehitimar in your country . ''
the thing is , noted horatio , that setting aside the conspiracy against your country , the rest of the logic might actually appeal to him .
the delegation i ' ve long hoped for to their country will be going forward - much sooner than we expected .
if we had proof that the citizens party was out searching for the next son of osiris to lead this country , it would make both our careers .
we have no proof , especially with the good senator out of the country right now .
you have n't been with us that long , but i hope you ' ve seen enough to understand that we really do have the best intentions for this country . ''
she supposed he could n't have reached the point he was at now , advising one of the country 's most powerful political parties , if he so easily confessed to his clandestine doings .
lucian darling , the senator - the consul - who uncovered a plot to undermine our country and who secured the release of innocent gemman girls stolen from their homes .
` ` uncovering religious motivations in one of the country 's political party 's is n't a game , '' insisted daphne .
that quiet promise drove her even harder , as did the constant knowledge that if she failed in this task , she 'd not only end up in potentially lethal trouble herself but also implicate her country in hostile actions against arcadia .
he wants to advocate for his god and find a way to work that into your country 's current framework .
` ` this is an important job our country 's asking me to do !
i told you , i ' m serving my country as they need me . ''
` ` what would you say if i told you that your friend and his political party were knee - deep in a secret religion - a religion that sees him as the divinely chosen leader for this country . ''
she would ' ve fallen in line with this group - a mix from the maize and azure cohorts - without a second thought , easily slipping into the roles given to them by their country .
i do not serve my own will but that of my country .
i do not serve my own will but that of my country ... . a knock at the door startled her out of her mantra , and she straightened up .
gemman children learned mandarin in school , easterners learned english , and diplomats from either country would especially have to excel at the other 's language .
it was a metallic square that showed the country 's seal in glowing blue .
` ` our country does n't give citizenship lightly . ''
and if word gets out that there 's a murderous cult behind this , everything our country was founded on will be on the line . ''
here was the world as it should be , the country that had survived the decline to emerge more brilliantly than it had started .
castals could call each other whatever ethnic names they wanted on their grants , but in the eyes of their country , their names had to meet the same criteria as those of plebeians .
mae took a seat beside him and immediately began jotting out messages on her ego , probably requisitioning more guns and knives or whatever it was prtorians did in their free time to defend the country .
putting prtorians on display in vancouver reassured citizens of their country 's superiority , even if it also sometimes frightened them .
she craved action , and even if this was n't a typical prtorian assignment , there was still justice to be served for the greater good of her country .
we are n't violating any of the country 's religious dictates . ''
` ` of course , '' she said , puzzled that a servitor of all people would ask her about one of their country 's founding principles .
their sister country still ran on hard currency , which was fairly easy for gemmans to exchange .
using all that elite childhood training to get you where you are in the service of our country . ''
it 's standardized across the whole country , even for castals and plebeians .
tessa still was n't sure she agreed with all those principles , but it was hard to overlook the fact that the runa had become the most advanced country in the world .
it took a tree for you to realize that and not the part where she 's one of the most lethal soldiers in our country ? ''
` ` you do n't think i care about our country ?
but mostly it seemed like a way to enforce loyalty to the country 's policies . ''
the truth lay in the middle of those theories , and despite ravages by mephistopheles and cain , arcadia had managed to pull itself up into a relatively stable country , due largely to an iron - fisted and religion - driven government .
relations between the countries had been tense , especially because the runa had its eye on some of its neighbor 's resource - rich land .
as a result , arcadia 's western border was constantly in dispute as each country tried to stake its claim .
it was another of those moments when tessa was struck by how an antireligious country managed to find gods without even realizing it .
it does n't inspire much faith in the country 's defenses , does it ?
it 's actually kind of a good one , what with you preparing to lead the country and all that . ''
it was worth it to meet our country 's noble defenders . ''
` ` because young budding terrorists apparently get suspended for crimes against the country . ''
instead , you answered your country 's highest calling . ''
even now , after years of progress , they still maintained their separation from the rest of the country while simultaneously being fiercely loyal .
` ` it 's for my country . ''
our country 's treatment of the divine was too harsh after the decline .
` ` our country is founded on the truth , '' said francis staunchly .
` ` you 're thinking like how a person gets citizenship when they marry someone from a different country .
we can not afford a weak link in a country that wants us dead . ''
` ` you must have singlehandedly turned the fortunata court into the wealthiest court in the country , '' i say .
who do you think should rule this country next ? ''
` ` people like this are a curse on our country .
the more malfettos we get rid of , the better off our country will be .
` ` i hope you understand that this will be a fight against the entire country . ''
i feel weirdly shy now that matt is gone , and i no longer feel the need to go into my ten - minute rant about the state of politics in this country .
just for once , it would be great if kelsey would choose a country that i knew at least a little bit about .
i still bought guidebooks in every country , though i 'd yet to have much use for them .
while britain was no longer at war with france , relations between the two countries were by no means cordial .
the southern secretary was charged with dealing with the catholic countries of europe , thus matters with a french connection were his concern as well .
and in this question of rebellion , philadelphia yearly meeting thought and prayed upon the matter , and advised that the path of wisdom and peace plainly lay in reconciliation with the mother country . ''
` ` denny said that it was made clear to him that liberty , whether that of the individual or of countries , is a gift of god , and that it was laid upon him that he must join in the fight to gain and preserve it .
i was still rather awed that jamie had actually spoken with george washington , and the fact that he was frowning at a letter presumably written by the future father of the country ... ` ` two or three things , '' he replied with a shrug , and , refolding the note , stuffed it into his pocket .
it was n't a common condition in civilized countries in the twentieth century but more common than one might think .
i ca n't stand the thought that in six months - five months - we could be on opposite sides of the country from each other . '
i ' ve built an empire of very classy , very high - end exotic dance clubs that spans the united states and several other countries .
` ` you should probably be illegal in at least thirty countries .
the list is endless and spans hundreds of decades , but the vampire epidemic has never really been a confirmed threat in this country until recently . ''
i 'd feel great for about a second and then i 'd spend my life either on the run , in a nonextradition country , or in prison .
` ` before the invention of rockets and nuclear weapons that could fly long distances , '' he 'd said , ` ` it was very hard for any nation to attack this country .
if the founders of our great country believed that a twenty - five - year - old could get the job done , why do n't my opponents ? ''
those are antiquated ideals , and if you looked more closely into the research on political campaigns , you would see that even without the same base of information , the majority of people know what is going on in this country .
our differences and how we handle the compromises make this country what it is today .
he related his speech to the battle that the country faced fighting for independence , and how the nation as a people grew and rebuilt from that foundation .
not many people would give up everything to help get the country back on the right track .
but they have the front page of the main newspaper from every state displayed outside , as well as from several different countries , '' hayden told her .
and now here she was with a job lined up to work with reporters all over the country , and her picture with another guy front and center .
hayden had applied to positions at newspapers all over the country .
can this man help run the country ? ''
certainly not my duties to my country or my constituents .
she was sure details about her life would show up in newspapers all over the country this week .
in developing countries .
she 'd also had enough of the endless dreams she 'd been having - ridiculous dreams , of being made love to by whole countries , of flying through impossible landscapes , of being shot by arrows , for christ 's sake - and what it really boiled down to , she supposed , was that she was exhausted by it all .
and the whole memorial is bigger than the one for all of australia , so clearly we care more as a country about pigeons than we do australians . '
does n't protecting our country , putting his own life at risk twelve thousand miles from his home to save us from the japs , make him worthy of my hand ? '
and perhaps before you loose your tongue in response , you might consider what your husband has done in the service of his country , and of yourselves .
` ` i know that independence is a testing time for any country .
( when i told helene this i had expected her face to cloud with sympathy , but she had said briskly that he should spend less time invading other people 's countries . )
' now this , you see , is why men find it easier to split molecules and invade countries than to work out what goes on in women 's heads . '
` ` contrary to popular opinion , this is n't some third world country .
porter was doing something admirable in serving his country , and ben 's job was all about glitz and glamour .
it makes me hopeful for the future of our country . ''
olivia watched as teams of reporters stood in front of old trinity church in copley square , naming off various dignitaries from numerous countries in attendance .
she had no clue about half of the operations his company was involved in , but she did know that a lot of it entailed dealing with other countries .
no wonder he was the most popular dj in the country at the moment .
and so happy i was pretty sure that it was illegal in some countries .
he 'd been serving his country , making our country a safer place , but it had also brought him back to me .
the treasury was reserved for tributes , offers , and payments to other countries .
the only reason that the vengali have a country now is because we stood up and stayed strong when the empire told us no . ''
and how do they treat these other countries ?
as a result of this the three major power block countries were determined to be to hostile to knowledge to proceed in .
after surveying the planet for countries that were in a better position to advance scientifically a small group of them were selected and infiltrated .
several level 2 items were designed and built within the countries for protection .
as expected the reaction from all three major power block countries was immediate .
after all they could not allow what they considered a third world country the prestige of being a major player .
when the countries did n't fold up and withdraw from space , military incursions were started and defeated .
then the planned propaganda broadcast were started in earnest lauding the educational and scientific systems of the small countries and the fact that they accomplished all this by allowing freedom of scientific inquiry backed up by the educational system .
slowly and steadily scientific discoveries started pouring out of the small countries until finally the educational systems of the three major block countries fell in confusion to the knowledge they were being bombardment with .
slowly and steadily scientific discoveries started pouring out of the small countries until finally the educational systems of the three major block countries fell in confusion to the knowledge they were being bombardment with .
orchestrated demonstrations in iran and pakistan started monday followed by demonstrations in half the middle eastern countries .
any americans still in the country after the deadline would be considered spy 's and executed .
the evacuation was going smoothly until monday morning when ambassador jones and the military commanders from 3 countries boarded a plane .
more soldiers arrived that were n't identifiable by unit or country .
naturally the government struggled to keep control of as much as they could , even as rebel states emerged , and numerous countries seceded from the union .
the energy war is still big business for themone of the few ways in which they re able to keep control over chunks of the country is by regulating and selling energy access , she said .
our government has been selling this technology to other countries so that they can do the same thing .
i could set the cyborgs free and shut down the nuclear power plants , compelling the government to finally stop destroying our country , and forcing them to adopt ecologically sound energy sources .
and like you said , once we free the cyborgs , they will be forced to shut the plants down , and well have time to implement the other part of the plan that will liberate our country from the use of harmful energy sources , and bring some communities out of two decades of darkness and poverty .
right now , the countries are more concerned with keeping it under control as best they can .
some countries were hit harder than we werei remember the final reports , chinas 1.6 billion people had the largest ratio of loss with nearly sixty - five percent of its population rendered unstable .
i know very little about them , other than the fact they are my employer and they employ a lot of people from all over the worldthey have managed to mine the best and brightest of the survivors from every country as they are all desperately dependent on c - shapes sole product .
mostly it is the diplomats or politicians doing all of the traveling to other countries .
i prefer this option much more than the one adopted by texas and alaska , and some of the other countries , of simply killing off their unstables .
it is rumored that their neighboring countries support this decision as well .
it is considered now a luxury that we , as a country , just ca nt afford .
they trigger attacks at certain times to keep people afraid , they do it all over the country so that the states and the governments continue to pay up out of fear of a full on attack .
because countries are getting tired of payingtired of caring for their unstables .
c - shapes thought they could get at least ten more years out of ithowever , with states seceding and countries starting to kill them on their own.c - shapes is beginning to realize that it is losing its grip .
i still remember the look on noahs face when i hypothetically asked if the aggros could all be activated at once , what was to keep someone from another country discovering the truth and using it as a weaponi just did nt figure it would be used against usi still remember his answer it would be inhumane well apparently someone on the inside that he revealed the truth did not share his view .
moments after the president issued a warning that in the next few days , if calm is not restored to the country that more strikes will happennever in history has the united states detonated a nuclear bomb over one of its own populated citiestoday , from this dayi am disgraced to call myself an american .
ultimately , we needed to find a way to take down c - shapes network and put your story up.once it was finished -- -however , without any intervention from us , that issue took care of itself as well when the c - shapes main facility was completely overrun.another thing that noah did not expect but you saw comingwe still do nt know who did itit could have been anyone from any country .
alaska was not represented , for some reason , but having tourists from twenty - one different countries made up for the forty - ninth states absence .
when the mdt is running , the power that is used to run it would actually power several large cities , or for that matter , some smaller countries .
companies and countries or whoever is rich enough to buy an army would kill for prime - x 18 - 2 .
it is my concern if it involves me and my country .
for any country possessing such an advanced piece of technology is an unimaginable dream , and you say were sick .
specializing in keeping our country alive and free from the inhumane abominations of global terrorism , the man replied , without changing his tone of voice .
many countries want this prized system , and they re willing to pay plenty , remmie admitted and dropped the device back into the box like a slice of day - old pizza ; then he turned toward revv .
if clarence had gotten a business degree and simply lied about his calling he , with all his energy and personal charisma might well seem perfectly at home in a board room , a senate seat , or even as the dictator of a small country .
an introductory screen explained that it was a copy of an unreleased infomercial by the church of the ultimate signifier , soon to be seen across the country on broadcast , cable and computer line .
( its not what your country can do for you ; its what you can do for your country ! )
she was doing this for don , her country , and mike and davids safety .
is this how they want me to serve my country ?
heres the deal , just like countries , gods have their own versions of hot and cold wars .
no matter a soldier 's country , origin or current mission , he or she could be sure of one thing .
the only thing that has allowed us to survive is the fact that the ancients use a strange system of organization , almost as if they have countries within their own race .
in a country well governed , poverty is something to be ashamed of .
in a country badly governed , wealth is something to be ashamed of .
the prisoners , from many different countries , had pleaded their plight , telling of how they had been locked up to starve to death .
the drachma is back again this weeks shock announcement that greece was leaving the eurozone after years of failed austerity policies has been greeted with dismay by other euro countries .
it is nt something they can have a chat with us about and change our minds , it is a carefully made decision for the better future of our country .
ironically , although their weak economy is the main reason for their pull out , greece has now insulated itself from any direct fallout from the eurozone , and with direct control over their finances again , they are likely to have a better chance of bringing their country back to competitiveness , although repayments of loans to the eu will still be causing hardship for the country for decades to come .
only if the euro becomes weaker due to this event would our own economy suffer , as it would be more expensive for eurozone countries to purchase british goods .
that ll be good for a few hundred jobs that the country desperately needs .
even being from a country that has a veto , i reckon getting rid of the five vetoes that the security council has is essential for them actually ever getting anything done .
a country that can just nuke their enemies , maybe a veto is better than a conflict over something that they seriously disagree with , and the chance of nuclear war .
if you ask me , the nato countries , and the us in particular , are just spoiling for a fight and it would nt surprise me if they just ignored the un and went in and wiped assads smug face all over the wall , along with any military forces that support him .
the agreed distribution of north sea oil will mean that both countries would continue to benefit from this revenue , and with much of the processing being done in scotland , this will be a good source of employment for them .
we will of course remain an important country , but our influence will be much reduced .
looking back over the last 300 years , both countries have benefited greatly from the union .
no country in the last 200 years has had as many inventors and innovators as scotland , and their association with england has allowed what is a small country , to have global presence way above that which it could have achieved alone .
the prime minister congratulated the scottish people for making their choice based on a fair and realistic balancing of the choices , which will lead to a stronger union between our two countries , and a stronger united kingdom .
the scottish first minister , alex salmond , who had staked his whole reputation on the outcome , resigned on monday morning , saying his position was untenable , with the majority of the scottish public disagreeing with what he held to be the most important choice the country would ever make .
i for one hope it was the sas , or mi6 , that did it , i d like to think we have a good sense of justice in this country , and the capability to act on it .
i expect a few other countries have the capability .
i expect the reaction they were hoping for was one of concern , maybe some ambassador would give the game away by looking worried cos he knew his country was the guilty party .
every developed country in the world has seen it , germany even has a neo - nazi candidate holding a seat in their parliament , and for modern germany that s just crazy .
those guys are borderline fascists themselves , and i live in dread for the day they get their hands on any actual power in this country , it would be a day of shame .
more countries followed .
ever since the last worldwide - armed conflict , the defeated countries banded together and launched another attempt for global domination .
the un , after expelling these countries for consistent violations , fought back , using the scientific branch of its most powerful member , the us .
california formed its own country , as well as montana .
needless to say , the furniture , wall hangings , and so forth were all the highest quality antiques , hand - picked by linda haining in over a dozen countries .
i had little to do with it , and am in fact , more legal in this country that you are .
eventually everybody lost interest , because space was an expensive hobby for countries with no concept of return on investment .
a lot of that disseminated power went to multinational companies , many of which had larger populations and economies than the old countries , and those companies were the only ones with enough cash on hand to explore space once it was deemed a necessity .
ride shotgun with a sociopathic social climber , as he lies , cheats , and manipulates his way through the ranks of the fourth largest financial firm in the country , and revel in the bastard on bastard violence that follows .
meanwhile , hundreds of other yriuqni spaceships from the planet snaicitilop rounded up specimens in other countries while others monitored human activity on earth .
elsewhere around the world , hundreds of other yriuqni spaceships rounded up specimens in other countries .
the reteergs headed down to all the countries on the hologram earth .
the air force just confirmed that alien spaceships have landed in the capitol cities of every country of the world .
i will speak in person at your united nations where i want representative from your countries in attendance .
sir , we have reports from police departments all across the country that numerous criminal elements are missing , said jeremy .
there has to be other people across the country that feel the same way we do about these aliens , marcus added .
he reviewed some fbi reports about the sharp decline in crimes across the country within the last couple of weeks .
meanwhile , the same event transpired at twenty other air force bases across the country .
back at marvins cabin , the gang watched cnn and saw numerous reports where air force bases across the country were being targeted by the aliens drones .
marcus had some concerns with other countries obtaining some of the aliens weapons .
reports have been coming in through out the night that some of the cell phone and satellite internet service have been down across the country , hamilton told the audience .
in the other countries , one hundred government officials were picked up .
then ill replace you with my own comrades who will know how to control your countries in an ethnical manner , sandark said then he paused for a few seconds .
meanwhile , all across the world , the representatives of the united nations boarded their countries airplanes .
outside by the front yard , secret service agents and numerous other country security personnel milled around by the front door .
all of your countries will experience economic prosperity .
most countries have listened .
it may be too late for those countries already .
what will happen to the countries that refuse to listen ?
yes , but no cooperating country will be willing to send in foot solders to flush out widespread salantians and face them on open ground .
asked another columnist , echoing the thoughts and hopes of his country .
the meeting ended with the impression that all countries with the technological capability of getting a satellite , loaded with nuclear explosives , into space , would do so .
every country on the planet would need to band together in a common cause .
of course , half the country would have argued about the benevolent part .
half the country might be in the dark next week , schlagal said .
and that s a good thing for the wealthy elite who own this country , giggles replied , right on the end of the statement as if their schtick had been rehearsed .
not only was communication on the blink , but some countries were already experiencing widespread power outages .
his books have appeared in the kindle top 100 more than a dozen times in five different countries .
there s not a country in the world that did nt claim a shot at understanding the damn thing , how the hell it floated and where the hell it came from .
alessio zanelli : an italian , has long adopted english as his literary language and his work has appeared in about 130 magazines from 12 countries including , in the uk : acumen , aesthetica , dream catcher , the new writer , orbis , other poetry , poetry news and poetry nottingham .
we have to kill them all , nuke the whole fucking country .
the colonel smiles and says , ` ` well , in that case captain , it will be your responsibility to defend this country from all enemies , foreign and domestic . ''
i do not believe that they could have been created by any country on earth .
now , i want you to defend our country and attack immediately .
it is affecting my ability to run the country effectively .
dr . berkner states , it is my conclusion that no country on this earth has the means and the security of its resources to produce such a long - range aircraft as that which has been recovered .
we might as well be the ones to benefit from it and control the market in this country .
the sightings became front - page news throughout the whole country with headlines that read fiery objects outrun jets over capital - investigation veiled in secrecy following vain chase and jets alerted for saucers - interceptors chase lights in d.c .
today , many generations later , we hold the true power behind the seats of government in all of those countries .
you have served your country well .
their membership includes the wealthiest people of this nation along with the owners and directors of the top corporations that control the economy of this country .
kennedy shouts , well , i am the president of this country and the commander and chief of all military forces .
is still unable to find any evidence that organized crime syndicates exist in this country .
i only care about what is good for the country .
it is imperative that the president should come to understand that it is in the best interest of the country for the majestic-12 group to continue handling the alien situation .
evens thanks the secretary of defense for this opportunity to serve his country , but feels nervous about what is being expected of him .
and , if they knew the true facts of who 's running things , there would n't be the following they 'd need to defend the country .
evens thinks about all of this for a moment and then says , thank you , mr . steele , for this opportunity to serve my country .
try to remember who you really work for and think about what you are doing to the people of the country that you have sworn an oath to protect and defend against all enemies , foreign and domestic .
ben insists , you have to , or no one is going to be able to do anything about the atrocities being committed in underground facilities all across our country .
we have no idea how many other abductions are occurring in this country or around the world .
they are constantly working to erode our personal rights and make the united states interdependent with other countries .
those are nt races , they re countries , or people from those countries .
you do know he was not the one who planned the attack on your country ?
ruben said : this country will crush the evil doer too if they go after him .
the hs agent smith answered with : we need to make sure everything is safe for our country '' todd replied : how is a piece of wood with nylon strings going to harm our country ?
in the files it talks of other people , other countries .
one hundred fifty years ago a war broke out between two small countries .
we in azureland along with the other countries surrounding the combatants tried to stay neutral .
the war started over a dispute on who owned a small piece of land right between the two countries .
the surrounding countries became very worried about these weapons , and so secretly met to figure out how to stop them .
nuclear blasts would have destroyed far more than just the two countries .
every country put their codes into a key , creating five keys .
one country had some of their computers die before they could get the codes and so we do not have all the codes and so can not get in .
how many countries border the wall ?
so who are these other countries ?
and are these the worlds only countries ?
almost positive , there s no way that the technology could have been created by a country in their position .
the war escalated dangerously and threatened to spill into bordering countries .
so those countries got together and voted to lace a giant dome over humurom and bozlin until the fighting was over .
the nuclear bombs went off ; destroying the two countries and lighting up the dome for hours .
the truth is that the countries surrounding us and the cityers decided to put a giant wall around us known as the rainbow wall .
i thought they would be more concerned about what happened to their country .
maybe , you were staying on the floor usually reserved for officials from other countries .
so i might have seen the leader of the enemy country .
me : so what were those countries you spoke of ?
judge : countries are countries you idiot !
judge : countries are countries you idiot !
in a staggering series of events , their callous actions had bankrupted every country and government on the planet , and yet through their control of information and news , they were easily able to convince everyone that they were the only ones who could lead people out of the mess they had created .
' unauthorized reproduction , or distribution of copyrighted motion pictures can result in severe criminal and civil penalties under the laws of your country .
her obituary simply said wife of christopher merchins , served their country in full capacity , retired to texas and had a wonderful life together .
they ll appoint governors for each country .
it was rumoured that they kept a huge amount of credit off shore somewhere and were worth more than most countries .
after the seven invasions necessitated the redrawing of the world atlas most countries could nt afford armies , or air forces or whatever else and they were disbanded .
some countries blamed them for the millions of lives that had been lost and carried out a kind of professional genocide against anyone who had served .
terminus had been a great servant to this country , only recently stepping into the void left by the assassination of chichester rhone , not for personal gain but to support the country that he loved .
terminus had been a great servant to this country , only recently stepping into the void left by the assassination of chichester rhone , not for personal gain but to support the country that he loved .
as minister of securities i promise each and every one of you that this is the last day that chaos will reign in this fine country .
the government that stark and his technocrats form fulfills its duty and brings in a new government in six months time , which as far as it can , gets the country back to order .
that other country was flying a flag no one had seen at home for years and years .
small countries were set up , with their ideal to support the individual against all things governmental .
international trade brought countries closer and closer together . ''
` ` soon , the divisions of countries became a nuisance to the few most powerful corporations .
countries were merged on a regular basis , freeing up trade routes , reducing cumbersome duties and separate domestic and foreign trading policies , until there were only a few countries left in the world .
countries were merged on a regular basis , freeing up trade routes , reducing cumbersome duties and separate domestic and foreign trading policies , until there were only a few countries left in the world .
he now owned the largest cosmetic company in the world and was worth more than some countries .
i am willing to make calls , and together , we can make a presentation to them , otherwise we would have every vested country around the mountain interfering .
there was a cry from surrounding countries in fear of this manmade invasion armed with so much fire power .
do nt let your country use their nukes on this situation , okay , comrade lutin .
every country had heard ten million , but no one really understood what this meant in real terms of size .
the massiveness of the numbers shocked all the countries .
the countries do nt know what to do with such a big army ; but as bara told you , they have agreed to let you fight for us in exchange for sanctuary on our world .
the international community had already decided that they would be taken home to their appropriate countries .
a wealthy neighborhood where celebrities and moneyed tokyoites lived next to expatriates and consulates from dozens of countries .
the flags of various countries hung limply from the masts of the docked ships , but one in particular caught his attention .
but i ca nt idly sit here in this museum of malevolence when i could be saving my country from itself .
the russians were making great strides in space technology , and as were other countries also preparing huge underground bunkers able to support millions .
i shall now let general mccreary take the floor and give you an assessment of our situation here in the united states , for i am certain that our situation is similar to that occurring within your own countries .
they would be able to communicate their wishes directly and monitor the situation occurring within their own countries .
given the relative size of these countries and the sheer destructive power of todays nuclear weaponry , i fear it quite possible that it is total destruction .
both korean countries were wiped off the face of the earth in a matter of minutes .
china and india , two of the most overpopulated countries on the planet and at odds for years had come to an impasse .
the citizens in both countries were rioting in the streets for lack of food .
several transport ships were boarded by the chinese , seized , and redirected to that country .
all three countries possessed vast nuclear arsenals , and again the world held its breath .
other countries attempted to mediate , but to no avail .
these food stocks and medical supplies have been re - directed to our own people as well as non - involved countries ; predominantly european allies with their naval forces acting in a convoy capacity .
he had many plans prior to being elected president to improve the world - at - large and his country specifically .
most military personnel stationed overseas had been recalled back to the united states months earlier , leaving nato forces to contain the situation in countries too numerous to count .
mccreary was running through so many possible incentives for the actions on the part of premiere xintau ; the russians having been the only country still supplying the chinese with desperately needed food supplies since the embargo first began .
all four warring countries possessed huge nuclear arsenals , and with both north and south korea having been wiped off the face of the earth several months earlier , one wrong move on the part of any one of the four warring countries could potentially be the end of it , literally .
all four warring countries possessed huge nuclear arsenals , and with both north and south korea having been wiped off the face of the earth several months earlier , one wrong move on the part of any one of the four warring countries could potentially be the end of it , literally .
none of the countries involved have as of yet deployed high - yield ballistic nuclear weapons or missile delivery systems , however , our analytical teams anticipate that the leadership of all four warring countries have retreated to their bunker systems .
none of the countries involved have as of yet deployed high - yield ballistic nuclear weapons or missile delivery systems , however , our analytical teams anticipate that the leadership of all four warring countries have retreated to their bunker systems .
the leadership of these countries have removed themselves to their secured bunker sites .
although we have little or no communication with these countries , according to your prior orders we have broadcast our intentions that the united states and our allies will remain neutral and not respond in like kind .
fully 50 % of our citizens in this country alone will be lost within the first half hour when this inevitability occurs .
couple this with the fact that the nuclear genie has been out of the bottle for a number of decades now and the hatred of the united states by countries too numerous to count , most especially those located in the middle east , we will without a doubt be targeted .
we were nt even a country then .
not because they hated other countries , they just wanted to keep out the finns mainly .
by 2808 it was sorted even though some countries like finland were mad at them for doing a thing like that .
they felt as if they had just won a place in the usm against all the countries and were rubbing it in the other countries faces a bit .
they felt as if they had just won a place in the usm against all the countries and were rubbing it in the other countries faces a bit .
the united nations wants this to be a bonding time for all countries as amelia represents this whole planet or some crap like that .
i remember that change well because we kiwis love aussies and were so excited to become part of their country .
sure , the war between the usa and china was said to have been a tie even though we all knew which country really won .
hell , if the nordic countries had nt intervened and complained to the un the usa would be part of the republic of china .
nobody even knew places like sweden , finland , norway and denmark cared about the usa ( iceland was neutral about the situation bastards ) .of course then tension between the us , the nordic countries and china was still there however none of us could stay mad at each other .
sure , they were one of the most liberal countries in the world now , but it still seemed hypocritical with their complicated past and all .
the pressure of running a dysfunctional country seemed to be getting to poor president harry darwin .
there was no way this man was running this country on his own .
yes , this had to be the real man running the country .
elisa was an orphan after the last civil war and was being raised by her aunt while tanyas parents had fled their country with no more than fifty dollars in their pocket .
all three of us funded aid work in other countries .
everyone in the country would recognize the boyish face of their dictator .
somehow , the media had gotten an anonymous tip - off about harrys condition which meant dominic was scheduled to address the country in two hours .
eventually , several million people used the language across the planet but it never became the main language in any country .
the technology that this ship carried could very well launch the united states decades ahead of any other country , and not just with the military .
` ` there are also some of the most important historical documents , all the way back to the birth of our country , stored in there .
you ve come from many different countries and cultures , but together , here , we are all the brotherhood and sisterhood of humankind .
yes , since world war 2 , the country has changed , and were a democracy now , but we still have an emperor , and my family , and my father in particular still love him and would die for him , even if he is little more than a figurehead .
he thanked me for my professionalism , my patriotism , and apologized for a country that could nt keep itself from leaving soldiers behind .
the extremists with the help of the every - present useful idiot , and hordes of godless crackpot groups in the country made a mockery of all freedoms thought to be inviolate .
the military and her country needed her .
shed been serving her country and world since age eighteen .
` ` there 's going to be hell - to - pay if we spark a border skirmish with another country over a hunch . ''
during briefings , the higher ups only ever mentioned the country in passing ; as if it was n't important enough to mention .
joe shook his head and answered simply , ` ` as far as i know , the united states has no interest in this country .
` ` the olympus personnel i have dealt with since my kidnapping have been absolutely obsessed with accumulating data and surveillance from the surrounding countries .
he 's a legend to every soldier who ever picked up a carbine to fight for his country . ''
a voice whisper did not recognize was speaking in a heavily accented turkish dialect , ` ` ... and if olympus is going to keep its contract , mr . dante , you shall explain to me how you managed to lose one of the largest military fortresses my country had .
you were supposed to deal with those rangers ... make a statement that my country will not tolerate the taliban infiltrators and western infidels .
it was an incredible opportunity , and the game as a replacement for traditional schooling was accepted by every country in record time .
all countries quickly agreed to let small test groups participate in the game .
used book stores , in different countries , within minutes of each other .
very similar to the united states and other countries of todays earth .
add to that the fact that mainframe allowed most players to be born in civilized countries , and the result is a severe stress being placed on the planet and its inhabitants .
in our plan he was supposed to become a world leader and help shape policies that would feed his country and lead them into a winning war .
another song that would be better representing the country .
each segment was coloured with a flag of one country or another .
some countries and empires have even tried to erase all records of their most notorious leaders , until another tarnished ruler came along who needed someone worse to compare himself to by saying , at least i am not as bad as that guy .
whereas the first civilizations developed independently , the countries originating from them ( egypt , persia , and greece ) blossomed into empires controlling large territories and had major influences on the different cultures they spawned .
in 1492 , portugal was the last western european country to switch over .
born out chaos , the origin of three western countries ( spain , france , and england ) each rose up like a phoenix from the ashes of a fallen rome to become dominating world powers in their own right and time .
moving over to the map , chad quickly tapped out a few commands on the touch & go screen menu , highlighting the countries under the current topic of discussion .
by the time michael turned his ponderous mind from thoughtful scenarios of a lifetime devoted to nurturing a child within a loving family environment and back to the tutorial , chad had covered the entire dark ages , during which the blight upon the land was not only brought about by foreign conquers , but also from great famines and deathly plagues ; and how countries like spain , france , and england survived their hostile aggressors to become great nations , not through forceful suppression of their enemies , but rather by religious conversion of the pagan tribes ; a system of control that would prove not only fruitless , but more an impelling rallying call for islamic raiders , who gained control of spain and the cherished holy lands in the middle east at the start of the 8th century ; which in 1096 led to the first of nine crusades , resulting in over two hundred years of bloody massacres , merciless victories , and brutal defeats , with power shifting struggles ultimately ending in abject failure for both military campaigns and in a moral hypocrisy that forever stained the offending faiths ; but the power struggles did not end in faraway lands as religious abuses , internal conflicts , and territorial disputes still reigned supreme in the homelands , with many kingdoms desperate to stabilize their nearly bankrupt economies after long costly foreign wars ; and how countries like spain would find an influx of wealth through the exploration for profitable trade routes with the discovery of the americas in the new world , making spain a dominant power in europe for the next two centuries .
after a papal intervention , spain and portugal pretty much owned the early days of exploration when the treaty of tordesillas in 1494 presumptuously divided the world between the two countries .
there were many countries willing to ignore the treaty , except spains dominance of the oceans inhibited their efforts .
no wealth / no currency : will be printed or minted , nor will any citizen accumulate or create any form of legal tender for payment of service , or for barter of trade , or used to amass personal fortunes to hold over others ; and regardless of age and/or any disability preventing someone from taking an active part in society or the work place , the country shall fairly provide for the needs of each and every citizen .
some countries reported a blood - red color , while others described the sky as being red with pockets of blue peeking through the orange and white clouds .
facing racism as a minority population within israel while at the same time considered traitors by arab countries and other palestinians outside of israel , the arabs of 48 could not embrace their own identity as palestinians or as israelis .
coopers grassroots efforts to form cascadia , a country named in honor of a populist movement dating back to the 1970s , met with wide approval .
these guys run this country , my country ?
the stream of unbroken letters , which summarised in two or three word - phrases , the summaries of events from across those countries which were still known to the world .
it was banned in most countries but clearly not here .
you have broken the hundred year agreement with all the argel countries to prevent monsters from above contaminating our way of life .
it is a standard pistol used by police forces in many countries .
you re just a young woman barely out of your teens , i mean , what is this country going to ?
there was more news coverage of the anti - vampire hate crimes that had been steadily escalating all over the country .
` ` all these countries , and ensore tells me dahkilah is possibly worse , are very status - conscious , dase . ''
but we believe that true believers in any country are more concerned about loyalty to god and to his kingdom than they are about issues of patriotism , with their universal tendency to generate wars and war - mongering .
the overall lessons of the revelation are that no country can take the place of gods invisible kingdom of faith , peace , and love , and that the lambs example of laying down his life for others will eventually prove more powerful than all of the armies of the world .
but they also knew that nothing could stop america from pressing the button and sending its entire arsenal out to do the same thing to any other country that would dare to attack the u.s . by doing this , the united states could at least wipe their opponents out as they themselves were going down .
russia and china , who strongly backed dangchao , were as stubborn as america about vetoing american proposals for military intervention in countries where the u.s . believed human rights were being abused .
sadly , president fitzhugh found that the more he had played god with the future of countries he saw as being ` ` evil '' , the easier it had become to justify interference even when atrocities commited by the side he was helping were worse than those by the ones he was committing america to destroy .
as long as he was careful to target small revolutionary movements and relatively weak countries , and then to hit them hard , he was almost guaranteed success .
england , australia , and other countries that were sympathetic with america , had also escaped without a hint of attack .
rayford knew of the growing unrest throughout the world at what many countries considered was america 's abuse of power within the u.n . that much of reinhard 's explanation made sense , but it was not what he was looking for .
zee udder ten security council members zay are called rotating members ... zay come from zee udder countries . ''
the u.s . 's unwavering support for israel had been that country 's mainstay for many years .
even in countries where missionary activity had previously been outlawed , there were only cursory attempts to stop them when they pasted up posters in the middle of the night , or when they undertook other activities to alert believers to what god was doing .
truly , what god had called him to do was more important than being the president of the most powerful country in the world ... president gerald fitzhugh himself knew that .
only when that happens will people understand that it would be better for the leaders of the most powerful countries and empires in history to be humble missionaries and servants in the kingdom of heaven than to supposedly ` ` use their power '' to bring favours for god and for his people .
the united nations had declared england to be an ` ` international country '' shortly after the fall of america , which effectively meant that it was under strict u.n . control .
right now he 's screaming for military support from every country on earth .
48 parren had been sitting in his home office for several hours , alternately holding remote meetings and watching news broadcasts from around the country .
he 'll meet others like himself , coming from other countries , and one of them will be used to promote the bank all over the world next year . ''
it would make funds available to help others like moses , who wanted to start small businesses in developing countries .
if he was successful , people in many countries would hear moses ' story , about how he had been able to support his younger sister , despite his disability and despite being without parents , all because the micro - bank had helped him get a bike ... a ten - speed ... to earn a living and pay off the loan .
we and the other people from our countries ?
` ` i travel a lot , so i can send you stamps from other countries too .
i know i did not give enough to pay for what i have received at this thing here tonight , but multitudes of people like shanti and rapalo , from many countries , give a little each , and already this is what we made . ''
` ` so if the rich countries are goin ' ta be destroyed , why tell it to people in shinyalu ? ''
kenya was one of many countries that beneted from it .
humans from different countries had warred with one another .
a powerful chemical virus had been created by a middle eastern country , and released on the people of north america .
our country 's in a financial meltdown you know ! ''
there was no clear country of origin .
but despite the mounting bedlam , myself , witherspoon , and our team , aided by other prominent scientists in numerous organizations and countries , did accomplish much .
there were no invasions of privacy and no invasions of countries ; the sole purpose of the governments existence was to facilitate the will of the people the way it was intended by the ancient greeks .
the concept of countries no longer existed .
i am not the leader of those countries .
two countries starting a war that ended up destroying them .
in this country the people pay the government .
something in the paper this morning said they thought this was some sort of group from some country i ve never heard of .
hopefully if we can get something on them we can tell the world and other countries will get mad and they will stop , i guess .
if we find anything we need to get evidence to bring back and show the other countries around the wall .
well give those countries bracelets , i hear calrus is making a lot , and they can help get humurom out .
if all the other countries around the wall believe us then we will be better off .
i was beginning to think that long hallways were a staple in every country .
for those who do nt know that is when the little empires all around this continent formed full countries .
new technologies enabled the surrounding countries to be able to have a plan just in case the war went in that direction , and it did .
the representatives from each of the surrounding countries came here to propose the dome .
no use in having all the big countries mad at us .
at least that s what we told the other countries .
those two countries had tried to kill everyone by building nuclear bombs .
all the countries could have been destroyed if we let that happen .
they are getting people from all over the country , most are nt on the list .
every country has its secrets .
what about the other countries ?
but , like federalism , its important for internationalism to cede most control to countries just as the feds cede control to the states , which on most days , the un does just fine .
the things i do for my country , well , i figure the least they could do is what they can to see i rot in a prison back at home .
the u.s . national debt is like 10 trillion , so if there were ten thousand countries all with the same 10 trillion dollar debt , then our global debt would be , roughly , a quintillion .
it had been the whacky idea of the chinese , working with , of all countries , the japanese , with limited participation from other nations on or floating near the continent .
it was the ultimate method of social control for citizens in most countries , including those countries that had once been democratic or still had a democratic facade .
it was the ultimate method of social control for citizens in most countries , including those countries that had once been democratic or still had a democratic facade .
` ` how many countries are in the ioc ? ''
` ` in this era , ' western ' includes those countries in the self - named ' first world , ' the countries with the most resources , highest levels of education and medical care , and easier access to clean water , electricity and transportation routes . ''
` ` in this era , ' western ' includes those countries in the self - named ' first world , ' the countries with the most resources , highest levels of education and medical care , and easier access to clean water , electricity and transportation routes . ''
zephyr queries : ` ` so , the ' first world , ' in development terms , includes : the united kingdom and its territories , most of which become independent nations ; some of the more ' advanced ' nations in western and central europe , most of which join the ' economic union of europe ' creating the ' eurozone , ' which also includes the netherlands and scandinavian countries ? ''
rapidly , all the rest of the united states and other countries not yet enlightened enough to have done this already pass the gender - neutral and transgender inclusion laws governing marriage , employment , housing , schooling , healthcare and the rest .
in august , 2009 , 25,880 messages are collected and sent to gliese 581d from people in 195 earth countries .
following closely after the original publications and showing of mwc news stories and videos , beginning in mid - january , 2013 , stories of deaths and disappearances begin to filter in , from every country .
emptiness is a very rough translation , from sanskrit and later buddhist countries languages , into english .
the governments of middle eastern countries do not impose their wills on other peoples and spend most of their financial capacity on re - claiming the desert , as originally planned .
as far as the former president and former leaders of the un meetings go : in january , after the first stories came out , clara steadfastly refused to meet with certain heads of state ( mainland china , north korea , several african and middle eastern countries , some in central america ) , saying , i do not meet with those heinous criminals .
i meet leaders who become delegates to our council when those countries have new leadership and new , humane policies and , anyway , after march , well , lets just say its a whole new ballgame .
what about the results of the recent election in this country ?
no countries , heaven , possessions , religions , killing or dying for any causes : an all - together better world .
additionally , as the jews continue becoming more and more corrupt and distant from their original premises , angering people left and right , the countries in the earths middle east region are continually overrun by jews running from one enslaving nation or another , on and on , never ending .
its a bit like being an ` ` overnight success '' after playing in coffeehouses and bars across the country for decades , i realize , drily .
you are eliminating arts and music education from public schools in some of the richest countries on your planet while making art and music seem secondary or tertiary to life .
you did nt start from next to nothing and end up with a net worth that many small and a few medium - sized countries would envy by making friends .
you ve been an asset to your country .
what we need -- what this country needs right now is a whistleblower .
if this country is in a civil war the people should know about it and be able to pick a damn side !
when we come back from break will have our guest richard murphy on to talk about his new book , the declaration of interdependency , which is about the domestic hard - core collectivist takeover of the communist funded offshore banks that want to break this country and the open un - american vermin who are now going after our children .
mr . cooper has collected many of these species of plants from his various projects in countries throughout his extended enterprises .
but our country is at stake , majesty .
for this country , i ve already placed my nephew in danger .
i realized it was a map of countries i d never seen .
i can not risk capture in a foreign country .
gas was reserved for critical purposes at least until the farm could produce enough ethanol or the cure spread far enough south to recover countries with oil fields .
he remembered being taught in school about events like the great crusades , which were anything but , or the wars that the fading memory of the united states of america waged against countries who dared to be different .
all under the guise of wanting to help these countries become democratic and free .
by that time , the university , then just texas tech university , had placed extensively powerful branches in major countries globally , such as the u.k . , china , japan , russia , india , germany , brazil , and many more .
within the year of the u.s . giving complete control to t.t.u . , the rest of the world 's countries followed suit , creating the world university and the first world president .
if being president of a country was hard , then being president of an entire planet was damn near impossible .
they recognized that they could run the country more effectively and with less bias .
other countries followed suit .
then , the year i was born , 2070 , the world university officially declared all countries to be united and at peace for the first time in human history .
there was no way that atizay could possibly watch over every country 's individual operations , so he left much of it to this woman , elizabeth wall .
and so the pair did what many countries and people over time have done to build support : they advertised .
the oldest members of society , such as senkan 's parents in the nursing home , could vaguely remember hazy images of countries that , in their last dying breaths , exploded propaganda all over their streets and media .
150 years ago , one man motivated a country to kill millions of believers of a particular religion .
not to sound unpatriotic or anything , but americans really just let other countries create the awesome stuff and then pounce on the idea .
in 1879 germany formed a dual alliance with austria - hungary which later , in 1882 , expanded to a triple alliance to include italy with the understanding to support each other if either countries were attacked by france or russia .
since the french do nt like things they do nt understand , they felt threatened by this and with the growth of the german navy in 1904 , so did england and the two countries made an entente cordiale , which means friendly understanding .
` ` i know we 're all probably about to go somewhere unsafe and die for our country , or whatever , but could the two of you just , like , i do n't know , go away for a few minutes , or something ? ''
so the space chicken had to stop gratton before he gained the power to create a new country .
quack had looked through notes to find another task tantamount to restructuring the politics of a country .
you ve got to know everything about a country if you want to know anything about it .
a couple countries had different names .
not that this was a very scary prospect , the american military were a bit crap really , no one else in the whole universe had managed to invent friendly fire ; that is accidentally killing people from other countries who are on your side , certainly no one had had the gall to give it a name and pretend it was ok . no the american military were nt such a worry , but it only took one nervous young soldier to accidentally tighten his grip for the whole army to start blasting away .
every country just about ever has been a complete bastard in its own world ; its just that many of them did it a long time ago .
but in fact this pig - headed idea that they were the best country ever was exactly what the great council of the united trading network were banking on in order to win the upcoming war .
the problem was that the leaders of countries were still small minded about the universe and thought only in going down in earthen history as the man or woman who lead earth into space , without realising that history did nt matter that much anymore .
the brief guide to the universe for earthens ( known as gufe ) was distributed for free at all leading bookshops , or at least those countries that still had bookshops .
the oil rich countries were none too pleased by this until they found out that to some races oil was like a very expensive fine wine .
from : a brief guide to the universe for earthens welcome to space ( a pretty average day in ictopia ) the prime minister sat in number 10 with two greys and the president , who was nt really president anymore , he left the running of the country to his vice president ; who had , only weeks earlier , wished that aliens would come and take the president away and leave him in charge and was fairly astonished that it had actually happened .
the only thing that really differentiated people from different countries , other than looks , was their ancient cultures .
ships were now streaming in and out of earth and make shift space ports were erected in every country as each frantically tried not only to build a proper space port as quickly as possible , but also trying to outdo everyone elses .
as the first asiatic cultural introduction team would prepare to leave great parties were held across asia and the leaders of the various countries met and admitted they only had so many wars because they were so alike and they were now sorry they had nt bonded earlier .
and so it was that the asian countries were the first on earth to truly unite in peace .
my race is descended from the monkeys your own country sent into space .
humans are a pretty racist bunch , normally to the country next to them who they share the most in common with , but hell , humans will be racist to anyone they can .
webzine is based ) and other eu countries , their copyright status is subject to controversy in the usa .
you may be committing an offense by downloading their works in that country .
magic gone out of control is a danger to our country and people , and must be placed in the safe guards within the councils walls .
it was mainly like the prince said the declaration of the family as the rulers of the country , as i read i noticed there was a part about the prophecy so i honed in on that part , as it must surely be important .
as they come to the realization that the lady controls the power of the country and who had spread the current time of darkness and the agenda they had pushed through their laws they cringed in dismay .
government officials from all the surrounding countries got involved .
there are five keys , one from each of the five countries surrounding the dome .
all five countries put codes into the keys to bring up the dome .
so basically it is kept on by azureland and westurnia , the two countries in charge of keeping the computer hidden , in hopes that dizuria will change their mind one day and hand over their key .
if you stay they will kill you without a second thought and humuroms last bunker leader will not get to see his country to a new and fresh beginning .
blame the country no one trusts .
for once the two countries came together and used all of their regular bombs to attack the wall , most ricocheted .
he wanted them to get what he wanted from the other countries .
if one country says no then i will blow up their capital and that will probably destroy their key .
it will sit vacant until the countries surrounding it decide what to do .
however , he was quoted in the media until it became mandatory to establish councils in all major countries .
from your safe world you have come to a time before countries .
` ` that 's how countries do it .
by murder , kings grew richer , and by more economic growth and wealth , a country can become a trusted leader .
it creates freedom , goodwill and unity amongst a country ( especially in a global model ) , and when a single empire is in control of the world , the use of democracy , dictatorship , totalitarianism or communism can be very risky indeed .
the western world had become solely dependent on the eastern countries to support its consumerist society , and as us debt started to increase , china was the first to start diversifying its assets of us currency into more stable currencies on a large scale ; spreading the dollar thin across the world .
the euro was in crisis after germany pulled out of the eurozone , and countries like russia were also strengthening by the day from their arctic exploration .
it was first thought of as ridiculous , but it meant that countries who invested large sums of money in a single currency could rest assured that if a country fell , it would only mean a redistribution of wealth and never an undermining of the currency itself .
it was first thought of as ridiculous , but it meant that countries who invested large sums of money in a single currency could rest assured that if a country fell , it would only mean a redistribution of wealth and never an undermining of the currency itself .
each day the currency increased in value , and a new system of tax was instituted in specific time zones instead of countries .
tulpher proposed the plan to set up an international reserve bank , funded by each member country of the un council .
in times of debt , countries could borrow the new currency to pay off their original debt ( only their original debt ) , which meant it received ghost currency , new currency ( originally the dollar ) that was temporarily commissioned into the system without the deduction from any other countrys wealth .
once the country was on its feet , the un commission required said country to take out the normal currency equivalent to the amount of new currency given as a bailout .
once the country was on its feet , the un commission required said country to take out the normal currency equivalent to the amount of new currency given as a bailout .
one by one , countries paid off their debts , giving a fresh start to the new economies , and once all was distributed , the need for globalization increased rapidly .
after the un soldiers had occupied the countries next to the eastern front , things changed .
every night in each participating country , the brains of thousands of people processed information from deep space .
there was always at least one country performing a telesync .
all 16 countries are undergoing this process .
was this country doomed to suffer the same fate ?
other nations would worry about our country having it , and that could destabilize our relationships with those countries .
other nations would worry about our country having it , and that could destabilize our relationships with those countries .
he specialized in governmental laws , because he had a fascination for exploring , and it proved to be a way he could get free tickets to various other countries as a law intern to senators .
serving on the panel for the national book award in young peoples literature devoured months , and i also had three books come out in three countries between march and the end of the year : a novel , a death at the white camellia orphanage ( mercer , winner of the ferrol sams award for fiction ) ; next , a collection of poetry , the foliate head ( uk : stanza press ) ; and then the most unusual , an adventure tale in verse that combines epic conventions with novelistic modes , thaliad ( montreal : phoenicia publishing . )
the country needs help to re - establish a working technology , without it we are blind , living in a dark age .
the demand among the citizens here is great enough without having to worry about the needs of other countries .
we were only capable of obtaining those particles of dark energy because of generous contributions and the fact that we are a relatively wealthy country .
they have joined forces with likewise countries and they have decided to attack us during a time of peace .
we are a part of a military just not the one that belongs to this country .
if i refused to help the army protect this country then i am surely not helping you destroy it , she yelled before she leapt into the craft .
with my marketing efforts and the real popularity of your music , we could have new customers in domes across the country just within a few months , he said .
this is what 235 years of democracy has produced in this country , a bureaucracy that fiddles while people waste away and die .
the rest of the countries of the world were more or less reset .
` ` i fear for my king and my country , for we face an imminent danger and i choose not to die at this point .
don the great arose and just stared at his cousin , saying only , ` ` my duty is to king and country . ''
if he is not willing to take the risk of returning to his country with the trade agreement , then the battle must go on until their defeat is complete . ''
he replied only , ` ` if we are to return to our own country having admitted defeat , we face loss of our honor and certain death .
with most of the european and south american reports , but nothing from the more closed countries in the mid east or far east .
there were at least 2000 retirees gathered in the lobby waiting to be interviewed for their assignments : everyone from retired lower grades to officers all excited about doing a new but short - term of duty for the country .
you need to decide on whose side you feel you are on : ours , your country , or just yourself .
some chemical or biological weapon , developed to drive the populace of a country insane in order to destabilize it .
people had also started stockpiling weapons and ammo as the front lines began to blur and entire countries became battlefields .
any hope in the lesser developed countries had been crushed by capitalism , those people were the ones who manufactured the goods for the west to feed on .
no ones even positive there are nt other survivors in destitute countries who need us now more than ever .
affronted , sabrina said , did i miss something , or is there freedom of speech in this country ?
you know how many times i ve heard of people ticked off at their countries governments regulating the making of nanobots ?
i m as loyal to my country , or what remains of it , as i ever was .
plus bigshots from other countries whose names we are unfamiliar with so far .
jill took a deep breath and continued : little brushfire wars have already broken out all over the place between tribes and between countries and between religious groups over food and water .
they have laid out exactly how much money they want from each country .
for the rich countries , its trillions .
even poor countries in africa have to cough up money or oil or some other resource .
cyprus is surrounded by all these countries hostile to each other , jill said .
all of the nato countries plus other major players on the world scene got an e - mail to that effect from the black swan people a few months ago .
plus i only use my new abilities in the line of dutyyou know , serving our country , rescuing fair maidens , saving the world from arch - villains .
the infrastructures in most countries have just collapsed , you know , electricity and water and fuel oil supplies are just sporadic .
she has been monitoring the world situation via a secure tv network and basically running the country from her bunker .
our country will triumph !
i joined the forum to add my own two cents , telling the other posters ( from many different countries , i might add ) that i had the same dream , on the same night , down to the very same details .
its like every country has at least a few people here .
this is a free country !
if on pangaea we decide to split into countries , remind me to make ours a tyrannical regime so that i never have to hear that irksome sentence ever again .
it seemed that every country had at least one group to represent it .
we were able to talk to people from other countries and learn how they had discovered that the world was ending .
they started this conflict were in , and they made every country choose a side !
i would never have been able to solve disputes between countries .
england , france , all of the european countries were incommunicado .
in some countries it is called social security , but you have to work to put money into it the system and eventually you are allowed to use it .
not all countries have it .
ah yes , i forgot you have different countries with different languages and customs .
there are many countries with a space program .
maybe we should communicate with the strongest country that might try to shoot us down ?
we inform the governments of those countries that we are coming , but not where we will land .
since there are four countries represented here , this is what we will do .
he explained how he would contact the government of stockholm to coordinate with the other countries .
once they had representatives from each of the countries there , they would make the call .
at this time , the center for disease control has not identified the virus that is reanimating victims but has tracked it back to several meat processing centers around the country , determining that this was caused by a bio - terrorist attack .
shortly after things went crazy here , other countries started to get sick .
if there were countries still up and running then the internet would still be going even if it was in russian .
the country is at a standstill after the emperor was murdered .
a single government ruling all the countries of the world also must face all the various resistance groups existing in all those countries when it takes over .
a single government ruling all the countries of the world also must face all the various resistance groups existing in all those countries when it takes over .
she explained how the war had started and how the countries around the world had banded into two groups , the allies and the axis .
as to a job , you know you can also get a dispensation if you work in an industry critical to the country , like at the ford assembly plant .
reverse engineering is nothing new , countries all around the world use reverse engineering to gather intelligence and advance their own programs .
nasa has indicated that it will partner with several other countries to form a multi - national space agency in order to facilitate the development of the technology .
things really became convoluted a few days ago when ryan , the president 's chief of staff , told him that melberg was the ' most wanted ' person in the country .
` ` war had broken out in the city when he returned , a war between three countries who claimed the city and all of guk - inak - ra for their own .
as far as we know , no other countries have learned as much or delved as deeply into understanding these powers .
what you possess is so rare , that there may be small countries that do nt even have a single child with your abilities .
once , while in immigration holding in miami airport during another u.s . entry , he overheard a dhs agent jokingly say , with the way terrorist groups are emerging from so many countries , ill be speaking seven languages by the time i retire .
his e - mail and voice transmission traffic bounced through so many countries , craigs web guys always ended up tracking the calls to sudan , or omaha , nebraska .
daniel paused again , and before he spoke the next words , a banner ran across the lower screens of all major news networks throughout the country : news alert : digital cloning of humans underway at photon corp ; religious groups vow to stop research .
but after the tragedy of the first endeavor , n - wave technology had been deemed a failure , and no country had been willing to sacrifice any more of their best and brightest for another attempt .
they promised to preserve the genetic material from those countries which contributed finances , resources , or technology to this great undertaking .
the young tyrant had only recently come to power after his father death , and was the fourth member of his family dynasty to rule the country .
he bragged that his invincible army would drive the enemies of his country into the sea .
the new queen stood barely 5 feet tall and weighed 98 pounds , which was typical for women of her country .
no one in her country would ever dare speak that way about the great leader or they would face a certain horrible death .
first , there had never been a female ruler in the history of her country , and the resistance to her rule would be difficult if not impossible to overcome .
you faithfulness must be to your country ; and you must provide an heir no matter what .
the single most important duty of the queen is to provide the next leader of the country , and the people of this nation are depending on you to save them from disaster .
the previous leader was a thief with incompetent management skills that was leading the country downhill quickly .
panties were a luxury that many families did not want to waste their hard earned money on since the great depression had devastated the country .
well , that type of surgery has never been tried in our country .
the anchor talked it off on phone , still in the show with the leather of the national research institute to ask for help of the research institutes of as many countries as they can search for the womans laboratory who dropped the bomb down what she made from the poison , and they have to get know why laurence stayed alive .
` ` i ' m a compatriot without country . ''
my job is to make a place where people can heal , learn , and grow and wait for the country to decide it 's rebuilding again .
maybe that last one , she had to concede , only the neighbors were countries and they probably never fought over whose tomatoes were whose when the beds spread out and overgrew their marked plots .
my mother had been required to attend many congressional hearings that weekend , for there was much discord in the public after eighteen government workers , some of whom were senators , representatives , or staff members who worked for those two groups , were discovered to be passing along top - secret information to various countries .
contrary to what mary and rich have drilled into your ears and mind , freedom to have a god or not have one was guaranteed to us on earth , in all free countries .
this is only speaking for the united states , but there were similar motions made in other countries .
oh , ethan i sighed heavily , i appreciate that title , but i do believe that don is vice president of our little country .
if we had just left those several sparring countries alone , we might have avoided the inevitable final catastrophe .
if we had not dragged other countries into the conflict , we might have never seen an earth - encompassing nuclear holocaust .
perhaps i might even fight a war to steal soil from other countries , because my own will no longer support life ?
some wise man gave stupid men a great advantage when he said , in what i ' m sure was not meant to be taken as so meaningfully resonant at the time , that a country that does n't learn from its history is doomed to repeat its failures .
those very stubborn adults made up a populace so sizeable that a ship large enough to house a small , old - world , third - world country had been built .
they are a devious cabal that sought to control all from behind the scenes for centuries even before the founding of this country .
but these refugees were n't a unified people there was a sub - group fleeing the nova beruvian stonequakes , for example and each sub - continent soon ended up supporting one or more countries .
she did nt get countries that refuse to let their citizens emigrate either .
see that s what i m talking about she said , wondering whether there was less stupid behaviour in countries without a government healthcare plan .
but given the near universal acceptance of rape i would nt call it name one country in which there is not a significant contingent of men who feel entitled to sexual access to women .
they were never meant to open their mouths , let alone rule a country .
the discussions began in the rich countries , which were going to introduce the new technology first , but spread fast all over the world , involving governments , media , religious organizations and communities .
in the other countries instead , the implementation of the plans proceeded at the pace of their economic development and the distribution of international loans .
for many years he has managed one of the many companies that thrive in the country thanks to the facilities that law assures to non - residents .
the operation will take place in a foreign country .
however they required huge investments , and remained a privilege of the rich countries which used them not to fight against each other , since their economic interdependence prevailed over any war , but to dictate their terms to the smaller and poorer states .
thanks to their military supremacy , the superpowers resolved the conflicts and political anomalies of a few minor countries , but very soon it became evident that the armies could be effective only if used occasionally .
it turned occupation by a winning army into an ordeal that reached even to the heart of rich countries .
the rich countries began a patient revision of their strategies that after several decades led to a new period of peace .
this country is at the highest terror alert its seen that tragic day in september .
nowadays the newspaper is based in courbevoie near paris and is printed in nearly 40 countries and is on sale in about 160 .
as you probably know , there are 72 countries in which you drive on the left and 125 countries in which you drive on the right .
as you probably know , there are 72 countries in which you drive on the left and 125 countries in which you drive on the right .
a war breaks out here , an oil drilling platform develops a leak there , a country defaults on its debt , a tsunami hits a nuclear power station , or whatever .
word gets around , and i have had plenty of customers in plenty of countries .
i tanked the car someplace , used the toiletsthe french finally got rid of their thigh - testing holes in the floor my father used to complain aboutgot through two more of those ludicrous and inefficient toll collection stations invented by the french and other southern european countries , and reached the docks at calais soon after 7 o'clock .
there were 78 conflict deaths today , spread around fourteen countries , and they included some young girls blown up by the taliban for going to school .
and still more countries are developing even more nuclear bombs : iran and who knows who is next .
there are thousands of examples but i 'll mention just one to keep it short : a relatively recent agreement between over 100 countries states that cluster bombs should be eliminated .
first of all , not all of the countries have complied with the agreement .
there are thousands , maybe millions of aliens in this country . ''
they are just illogical shapes and squiggly frontiers and some frontiers are still changing , and some are being argued about , and new countries tend to sprout on a regular basis . ''
we continue to chop everything up , we continue to create new countries .
` ` the number of countries on the planet may have changed again this morning for all i know .
and in my part of the world , the scots wish to split from the english , the belgians want to divide themselves into a flemish - speaking country and a french - speaking country , the spanish want at least three countries , spain , catalonia and a basque country , and there are stirrings from andalusia , galicia and the asturias as well .
when that empire fell apart , the czechoslovaks spent the first few minutes celebrating their freedom from the soviet yoke , and the next few minutes saying ' ah , but wait a minute , shit , we ca n't live together , we do n't like each other enough , we have to split into two countries and be separated by frontiers and passports ' '' .
just listen to the politicians on any given day , in any legislative body in any of the countries anywhere on the planet .
needless to say , they make different laws in their different countries .
just to remind you , this is the human race we are talking about here , so the laws are different in every country as i have just mentioned .
if we take the top 20 divorce countries , the divorce rates are between 40 % and 68 % .
these crises occur on a global basis , or on a country by country basis , or even on a regional basis at provincial or county level , despite the fact that most of the world 's governments are stacked to the gills with hordes of highly paid economists .
these crises occur on a global basis , or on a country by country basis , or even on a regional basis at provincial or county level , despite the fact that most of the world 's governments are stacked to the gills with hordes of highly paid economists .
and so most countries introduce inflation limit targets for themselves .
' we will stop increasing our country 's debt by the year 2020 ' or whatever .
the most bankrupt countries in the world at the moment include japan , the usa , italy , france , germany , great britain and a host of smaller economies such as greece , spain , ireland , portugal and so on .
and , i do n't know whether you can believe this , but some of the bigger bankrupt countries are even giving away more billions they do n't havethey only have debtsto some of the smaller bankrupt ones .
that depends at the moment on countries like china .
we in the industrial countries are placing ourselves in their hands and have only ourselves to blame . ''
the birdbrains in various countries have recently been telling their electoral masses that they are saving money .
their countries ' debts , you understand .
as from the fourth quarter of this year , all european countries can include prostitution income as ' income from services ' in their official gdp data .
most developed countries have a system whereby a lot of people have to work and pay higher taxes to support those who do n't workthat is , those who ca n't , and/or those who do n't want to .
is this widespread among all countries which run a socialist system ?
and i suggest that the prime minister of your country , the u.k . , would be the easiest one to reach .
you seethese matters of national and international security include a specific telepathic poweri use telepathic for want of a better wordwhich constitutes , potentially anyway , a huge and colossal threat which i doubt any country has the means to successfully counter , or even contain .
not in china , not in the usa , not in any place which might trigger unfounded speculations by a ministry of defencea beautiful name for a ministry , just think of all those countries defending themselves like crazy in vietnam , iraq , afghanistan or whereveror any other elected idiots .
all kinds of people , countries , would do anything to lay their hands on this , including yourselves and whoever is running this country .
all kinds of people , countries , would do anything to lay their hands on this , including yourselves and whoever is running this country .
and other countries positively encourage more births .
in fact the country which releases more carbon dioxide through deforestation than any other country on the planet is indonesia .
in fact the country which releases more carbon dioxide through deforestation than any other country on the planet is indonesia .
if it ever does of coursethat is yet another of those ' agreements ' in which certain major polluting countries have refused to participate . ''
` ` and this superstition is not confined to a single religious group or to any specific countries either .
there is no end to the number of ministries in any given country , it seems , and there is no end , it seems , to the number of departments within most of those ministries , whose job it is to control and manage just about any aspect of the activities of the other human beings over whom they have power .
none of which is of any particular interest other than that it makes it easier to understand one of the ways in which politicians spend money they do n't have and bankrupt their countries with crippling burdens of debt .
and it must have been clear to a lot of people that such abilities could prove to be of unimaginable advantage to whichever country managed to lay its hands on them .
but because most of the countries involved in this mess operate on belief - based systems , there wo n't be any peace for centuries to come , if ever , believe me .
` ` do n't forget , his main interest has to be how he and his country can lay their hands on these unheard of brain - hacking powersor , alternatively , how they can persuade you to agree to use them exclusively for their benefit and not for anybody else 's .
ah , he said , now that would be one which would frighten the other countries ' leaders sufficiently to have them agree to an initial summit meeting .
noi suggested to him that he should say his country has developed a powerful new weapon , powerful beyond imagination .
but i wanted to avoid switzerland and the passport check of a non - eu country .
on another tack , there had been 422 conflict fatalities yesterday , a disastrous day including for eight u.n . soldiers who had been blown up defending their countries ' interests .
or what their birdbrain bosses had defined as their countries ' interests .
and who , if required to personally participate in the implementation of the decisions they took , might possibly have defined their countries ' interests as being something else .
he took the stand and started referring to the vast amounts of research performed by his country in the fields of biology , physiology , behavioral sciences and so on and so forth , and he said that many of their experts argue against a biological cause for aggressiveness in humans .
i liked him enough to stay on for another coffee and discuss the pathetic economic situations created by the elected birdbrains in his country and in the other countries around europe and around the world .
people with power and influence that have shaped this country and this world into this thing we see today .
i nearly lost an arm and leg for this country .
ringo was nothing if not loyal to his country , even as paul was .
` ` so what happened to our country ? ''
i ' m going to make a wild ass guess that this spacecraft was a joint venture between two countries or corporations .
the astronomers from five countries and the moon theorize that there was a tear in the fabric of space that let those asteroids through .
after you were arrested for rail - running in the gobi desert , the international maritime intelligence center gathered proof that you helped to smuggle a secret prototype android into our country from china .
kyle had trouble distinguishing the formality of her attendants from androids and he heard a television blaring with events in the global market before they displayed footage of the international burn leagues of modified races held in civilized countries around the world .
would each country get lunar land proportional to their country size on earth , or proportional to their population , or to their net wealth , or would each country get an equal share ?
would each country get lunar land proportional to their country size on earth , or proportional to their population , or to their net wealth , or would each country get an equal share ?
would each country get lunar land proportional to their country size on earth , or proportional to their population , or to their net wealth , or would each country get an equal share ?
this was the norm in most countries .
we need to focus on defending our country not occupying others we need to .
there are around 200 of these countries .
in studying many of the modern muslim countries they saw that an increase in wealth and stability on average led to a decrease in piety and true adherence to islam .
most countries had very serious debates about the need for a military in general .
russia still very strong compared to most countries stayed out of the fight .
if he could not control his own daughter , then how could he control the country ?
her political team was sending out all the invitations and would make it a great show and statement , for she would become the first female leader of the country .
also if after the golden empires attack , another country might use nuclear weapons against us if they feel we will hurt them economically or become a major threat .
as the president quickly rushed to marine one , his private helicopter by a team of secret service agents just after the phone call from general dyson , en route to air force one were the emergency plans for him to stay and command the country for the new few hours or days if needed .
she would be assuming full control of the country in less than 30 days on january 20th .
the united states was still a great and powerful country and with the strength of the american people answer the new challenge .
emergency procedures were put into place in case of a rift gate opening in either china or a neighboring country .
while our country faces a grave crisis , we still have a responsibility to govern and govern correctly and within the law .
the president was still in charge of the country , firmly in charge .
we have invited each of you here to see if your countries would like to participate .
it will require time and effort from your countries , but nothing more than you can easily give .
now fully in control of the country as president she was able save the nation .
i and others in the democratic party have been working on this for a while now , former president jaster , while trying valiantly to save the country , committed great acts of destruction and chaos .
we have gotten messages from many countries saying they still support you for now and want you to deal with this internal problem , said candice xin , the national security advisor .
` ` so far madam president , not much , the communication systems are down in many parts of the country plus many are still waiting to see what will happen with both the golden ones if they will honor it , or if they will still fight .
in addition countries like the united states , which was still strong , would be forced to fight more and more on the ground where they did not want to .
if they create a colony of what size and value does it need to be to help the country , not just drain resources , money and time ? ''
i would not be opposed personally to see those countries create a colony in the epsilon eridani system .
they are developing countries , they have an excess of population and high unemployment .
had they been attacked by another country ?
there were members of the federation military , as well as government , who tried to seize control of their own cities , countries and continents .
new - earth miniseries eastern block : ( terrestrial ) refers to the communist countries on the western side of the soviet union , during the days of the cold war .
the eastern block was those countries controlled by the ussr , which formed a block or buffer between western europe and the ussr .
outlawed in most civilized countries , popular on earth and taught in most tertiary schools of study .
predominant in countries with climate extremes or which have excess population problems .
the un today , has many peace missions from various countries around it .
what s the latest news about the renaming the country thing ?
my lord , this girl could put the whole country at danger !
i d hate for the men to find out that the country they re fighting to save sold them out on a bogus vaccine .
no longer do they fight for a dead country that does nt appreciate them .
we looked like a firing squad in some third - world country .
your country needs you right now .
fidel , the suave cuban gentleman at ainsleys soiree had turned out to be fidel castro , leader of a burgeoning communist nation and a horrific threat to the country .
other people at the functions seemed to know about every major cultural phenomenon in the country , dropping names , figures , ideas of their glib tongues , leaving her to wonder if she lived in a completely different world .
then out of your countries and off of your continents leif erickson is one of my favourites , to be quite honest .
dwarfs have more representatives in other countries than any other race of the empire of the thirteen armies .
lazy to expecting a country that they pay into to help out when they have been knocked down .
it makes me truly sick to see how desperate for handouts this country has become !
our country is going to be fractured after this election no matter the outcome .
we wrestle and fight over issues such as abortion , universal free healthcare , birth control , gay rights privilege , theeconomy , military spending , taxes , crime , and many more issues and our country is on the edge of a burning hell future that smells like meltedpride righteousness .
its a clear statement of a commitment to our mission to keep this country strong .
document archive , imperial american library government official access only not for public view breaking news : frankenstein institute for brilliant minds in germany opens partnership with mit breaking news : two children caught on camera walking hand in hand with parents across street , disappear halfway across breaking news : world cup organizers say the people of a hosting country should be grateful for hosting the event and not think about the meals they are missing tin universe # 17 and the covers of the tin universe interview with brian c. williams and stephanie hamlin question : first brian , could you tell me a little about the thinking behind the covers for the main tin universe monthly issues ?
some of these documents are very difficult to track down , but of the ones i have obtained , i will post articles regarding my conclusions in the section appropriate for the country the manuscript originated in . )
geographical tablets , lists of towns and countries .
people in such countries ( and there were only a handful ) tended to ignore the cameras , or adopt more passive measures like erecting huge screens in front of the cameras in and around the parks .
it came because the undeniable improvements in the material living conditions of those lucky enough to live in developed countries had not been matched by any commensurate progress in our emotional or spiritual welfare .
in countries where that would today seem tragically out - of - reach , we found that the personnel and material resources had always been there ; indifference , corruption and greed had just kept them out of the peoples hands .
but for so long we have turned our backs on that principal and let men from other countries be taken as merchandise and sold and traded about like property or worse like cattle .
like i told all the other countries ; you are now under my command .
car bombs went off all over three countries .
some country had declared war on some other country .
some country had declared war on some other country .
these countries have not attacked each other or their interests at all .
there are people in this country who do nt even know who the president is , or even what state they live in probably .
see there , its not just countries at war that s causing problems .
now one country somewhere declaring war on another is one thing , but this many in such a short amount of time , and then all of these other accidents .
fighting has now spread into twenty three countries .
jihadist attacks have been on the increase again and some of these countries are now in space with us .
he had spent four years in the u.s . army , two full tours overseas , and he was willing to die for his country .
in the year 2013 , a country called the united states , later known as the american empire , went on a binge to conquer the world .
this idea is one of uniting all the other countries of this world into a simple , yet effective , global economy .
anyhow , the reason the ships were built was in case of invasion of the last super country .
project : killswitch was supposed to be the ultimate security for this goddamned country .
we are proud to represent our country , the one in back said .
if backwater ass countries like australia could make something like that imagine what places like europe , asia , and russia are doing , i said aloud .
just a lot of new interest from other countries in the project .
there was a pause for a few moments , simpoc commented , ` ` termen , possible cases have turned up in 14 other countries .
` ` travel restrictions are being implemented in 8 minor , four moderate and two large countries .
many countries are either setting up quarantine areas or considering them .
all major countries have set up quarantine facilities in their major cities and all people have been asked to stay in their homes .
political activity with allied countries very high .
larger countries have multiple centers .
' unless you were a contestant on what country am i from and were faced with a beret wearing , stripy topped , onion salesman on a bike . '
i shall destroy one country to prove my power . ''
i ' m working with my counterparts in countries around the world .
` ` i did n't say anything because the good of the country outweighs the good of the one .
` ` i estimate 10,000 children from 90 countries were # abducted in about 100 cities in the past day .
everyone agreed that in the face of danger , each country could defend itself . ''
` ` i will die to protect my country if necessary ! ''
every country is required to immediately deliver all nuclear weapons to this location within seven days .
about 34,000 years ago , the population reached 50 million and 30 languages were spoken in as many countries .
` ` near the end of the third age of entropy about 22,000 years ago , the empire crumbled into 12 countries which competed against one another .
scientific discoveries drove innovation as each country tried to innovate faster than the others .
eventually one country developed a flying machine and after many failed attempts , it flew south past the equatorial islands and discovered the southern continent .
soon after the early explorers discovered the southern continent , competition developed between the 12 countries to colonize the southern continent .
each of the 12 countries set up colonies and soon millions of omanji were living on the southern continent .
` ` as the colonies competed for the new southern territories , one country developed nuclear weapons and took over the other southern colonies .
when the other countries tried to take back their old colonies , a chain of events led to the first nuclear war .
several surviving countries competed against each other .
wars led to the creation of one large country on each continent .
we learned from past mistakes and as technology advanced , a nuclear weapons ban became planetary law between the several countries on each continent . ''
at that time , one country on each continent became dominant .
nuclear weapons were banned , but the southern country developed a large military force and threatened the north . ''
over the next 200 years conditions were difficult , but all omanji came together and formed a single country on both continents .
` ` the problems started about 3,800 years ago when those omanji who had the neural implant wanted to form a new independent country .
thousands of years of struggle passed before this one country was formed to end all wars .
one billion of us wanted to form a new country where we would be free to communicate with each other telepathically with our implants .
the cracks lengthened and shot across from pole to pole , as if dividing the land into countries .
humanity had beaten the global recession and was united together in a stand to bring peace and economic sustainability to each and every country on the globe .
worldwide resolutions had been met , and even the most unstable and financially depleted countries started to see change .
the control of the seas had been taken back from the grasp of the somalia pirates and once more the seas where safe for pleasurable cruises from coast to coast , more importantly for trade between countries .
laws banning families from having more than three children were gladly accepted by most people in countries struggling with over population .
no contact with anyone , we have been deserted , left to fend for ourselves.i was baffled trying to contemplate the reasons the world would turn its back on us , surely we needed deserved help from the other countries .
from what smith had told me countries had stationed ships off our coast , and was ordered to shoot any and all vessels and aircrafts which tried leaving the u.s .
chapter 22 the mans name was duke wills ; he was in charge of the local radio tower down on newport.he supplied the island with daily jams , news , weather and basically anything else he could receive from their sister station in brazil which had not cut their frequency , however a world wide band was put on every country not allowing them to interact with anyone in the u.s and most signals where jammed so he could get what was coming in , but could not deliver a single message outside of the u.s . duke was as excited to hear from me as i was to hear from him , he had explained that this way a total of forty people had been given the good news of newport and now they all safely resided on the island .
it was after all one of the biggest projects in the country , albeit top secret , but he could not help the way he felt .
they cut in to the tv last night ; i was watching ... you know , and they cut in and said that missiles had been launched , and the country was under attack .
because order will be restored to this country .
when the people could decide who was in charge of the country .
sandra was certainly glad that the americans were first to invented the time ship and not a hostile country .
bringing back a hostage would be proof to his country of this mission and add credibility to his claims .
there has to be something , a word said , an accent , the way he reacted to the news coming out of some country , something .
mainly , due to a number of fair trading laws , local goods were now much cheaper than imported ones because the farmers could no longer be extorted in the way they had been in some countries .
chapter 6 : the relentless force i think our country sinks beneath the yoke ; it weeps , it bleeds , and each new day a gash is added to her wounds .
apt ... magen stated , historical account has it , that he never made it out alive ... ah now , you know historians tend to have pretty good imaginations too , and are quite susceptible to wishful thinking , and of course , political pressures , dektri advised , legend sayers on the other hand , are not so restrained , by king and country , nor as most will know do they have great imaginations , he waggled a finger .
the city worshippers who believed one city worth the death of a country .
we do nt want our country to fall i m not paying attention to his words anymore .
using his radar , backed up with a bit of internet browsing , we look at how people in different countries bring up their kids .
he 's been giving to charity and has set up numerous foundations to help kids in poor countries , including inner city ghettos in the us .
yogi patmos the primary objectives of the table foundation have been achieved : use of the third eye patch has spread around the world , even in countries where it is brutally suppressed .
not one country had offered him asylum .
john , a coup has taken place in our country , a long - planned and well - funded coup , that was first foisted on president phillip hammer by dennis lasher , and continued by jennifer morgan .
during his recitation of the relevant facts , i had been conscious of a feeling of depression and so i voiced to him my grave misgivings , first on the basis of my belief that japan was already defeated and that dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary , and secondly because i thought that our country should avoid shocking world opinion by the use of a weapon whose employment was , i thought , no longer mandatory as a measure to save american lives .
but your corrupt media , controlled by the eu bankers , has poisoned your view of me and my country .
why wo n't you allow the patch into your country , vlad ?
now it 's very important to remember that the minions of deathco hold no loyalty or allegiance to any one country , corporation , ideology , or political affiliation .
your country needs your services , so i ' m drafting you , as of right this moment !
is n't he wanted in a lot of countries for insider trading , currency manipulations , ponzi schemes gregor paulos is a country unto himself .
paulos is the greatest threat to your naive country , miss brillo , much more than i am , or ever will be .
workingmen of all countries , unite !
furthermore , you instigated revolutions in two more countries that were at peace at the time .
i felt like weeping again despite the poor materials my country afforded for nostalgia .
the u.s . government passed a resolution in conjunction with the united nations to allow the expansion of the augmentation program to all countries around the world .
it was nt long before countries stopped recognizing their borders and joined into socialistic communities .
as members of the national guard , we have sworn to defend our country from all threats , both internal and abroad .
this form of infection is most prevalent in underdeveloped countries , where meat is consumed raw or undercooked .
olenhoff introduced federal laws that interfered with the daily lives of people in a free country .
he planned to slowly but surely change laws regarding religion and how england dealt with other countries in terms of their currency .
in other places such as , the states and other north american countries , police enforced laws that violated the constitution of their own citizens .
in a prepared speech , he stated that they were a threat to the civility of the country .
he added that they were suspected to have ties to countries that wanted to cause destruction to their way of life .
the meeting took on ominous overtones when olenhoff brought up future measures such as , creating a country that put goths ahead of all the other cultures .
its that battle between light and darkness that our culture has really brought out , so much so , that other countries have followed suit to us .
this country thrives on the past , making sure that it does nt happen again .
lastly , the third level is country level , the leader of the nation , or the president .
one country feared the next country because of their nuclear power capabilities .
one country feared the next country because of their nuclear power capabilities .
` ` wars broke out as the next country started a nuclear program .
however , kshandya had no foreign relation with its neighboring countries , so sarums stock of harper tigers oil was solely dependent on the imports from decarta .
the cromikan ocean held countless islands , most of which were plagued by pirates that had formed from countries along the coast .
unlike manticore , eden had been settled by people from non - communist countries so they were not influenced by chinese culture .
they were more or less influenced by france , england , ireland , italy , greece and japan because those were the countries that had endorsed that ark and gotten the first tickets into the hands of their own civilians .
he had enormous support and encouragement from his fellow staff and influential people of reputed organization from very many countries , from the inception of the project .
i am leaving this message to all my global friends in many countries to influence their governments to honor doodas request .
secret service from practically every country that has a secret service is here in this room .
the english were at war with a country called germany .
' shaking hands is not my country 's custom . '
after about two hours the number of namers from all countries since 1820 had grown to 243,451 .
and abcs for all the other countries , going back as far as possible .
basically , every country that offers free healthcare becomes a giant self - insured entity .
in this case , they have selected the color blue as their official color : the number of cases in the united states and other civilized countries is skyrocketing but type 1 diabetes is not a communicable disease so how is that possible ?
nothing would push the country faster to the brink of collapse than the loss of power and electricity .
the purpose , however , of engaging in electronic warfare would be to eliminate the entire infrastructure of a country in order to create panic and chaos .
in world news , the middle east was raging with violence , as terrorist networks and so - called ` ` sectarian groups '' had effectively seized control of several countries in the region .
something that would take the country back to the 1800s in a matter of seconds if it could really happen .
which made him a little sad for his country , and disappointed as a taxpayer , but in his case it allowed him some flexibility to pursue his own causes .
you get a nice bankroll that will change your lives , and you can do what s right for your country at the same time .
you were willing to risk your life in war for this country .
these people had to build a country .
she searched a bit further to see what the government was planning to do with all of the paper money and coins that were collected , but as she suspected , that information was nt readily available save for the pundits and conspiracy theorists views that the coins were recycled to make bombs and that the paper money was actually funneled to countries which would still accept it .
she searched for news stories that talked about the cash being collected at various sites around the country , figuring that some media outlet would have captured the sensationalism of exactly how much was being collected and where .
she looked for the obvious things , and found the country was not substantially at war with anyone , was surprised that the current president of the united states was a former tight end for the san diego chargers , and read that movie theaters across the country were being retro - fitted to accommodate a new film technology , 3 - d holographic motion pictures ( and that a first - run movie ticket cost $ 45 ! ) .
you mean people from these countries became invisible from those sinkholes like my brother and i ?
after the french revolution , he helped france to become a stable country .
cern was established in 1952 by twelve european countries .
switzerland and eleven other countries formed a committee which decided to plan and build the worlds most complex physics laboratory ever .
like i said , we saw it a million times on earth , in all the other countries and in ours , when everything started going crazy .
the world was falling to ruins ; every country seemed to be at war , even with its neighbors .
and it 's no better in other countries from what i have heard on the cb .
we may be able to expect help from those countries .
we are now mightier than we ve ever been it was my honor as a junior senator from maine to lead the rebuilding efforts of our country , to throw my hat into the ring and accept your generous nomination for president of the united states .
they are the ones proving president drummond and the rest of the country right .
i have seen all of the news reports about the chaos that engulfed the country after the explosions , and even though i was there for it all , i remember very little .
because i refuse to live in a world where an innocent childmy daughteris considered an enemy of the country .
by an absolute majority of government representatives from every country on earth , it was decided not to remove its secrecy rating .
he met his ex - wife and eventually changed his country of citizenship to become an american .
against the countries that attacked us ?
congressmen , your concerns have been noted , but the fact is the rest of the country will be in a similar condition if we do nt do something now .
texas is barely holding together , and the midwest is barely producing enough food to feed the country .
the southwest had been a drain on the country for years now .
it was sucking what few resources the country had left .
it would put a scar on the face of the country that would rival the civil war .
i think that we all want to drive toward a solution that 's best not just for the individual but for the entire country , daniel said .
it 's radical , mr . president , but this will save the rest of the country , one of the generals said .
what 's best for the country is always legal , sir , jones replied .
congressman smith will be reintroducing the bill to allow your filtration process to be used around the country , beth said .
if the people from those states migrate to the rest of the country , the population influx will decimate what precious resources we have left .
her country had just sentenced them to death .
all three supernations were forced to fight over limited resources in order for their country to survive .
six nearby countries were slowly throbbing in blue .
you are all guilty by association , regardless of how many times i ' ve assured investors , government officials they ca n't get past the thought of your siblings fighting for the caesar and ruling countries like dictators . ''
there are many government officials from the expansion countries in exile , hoping to go home again one day . ''
the collaboration between the two countries had been very beneficial .
even though it was a lone missile , because of submarines , the chinese military was not sure which country launched it .
bob shook his head , we just completed trials on the aircraft carrier , and we were going to ramp up production for the rest of the country .
what about tech that foreign countries were working on ?
i m not a man that betrays my country by exposing its secrets to foreign or domestic enemies .
now however , he stepped into the elevator shaft , walked over to the ladder , and looked back at dr . russell , i no longer have a country to defend , and could care less what you think .
he always had a liking for the near - extinct japanese culture ( but as japanese corporations had refused to partake in the planning and financing for the exodus , the number of japanese emigrants was limited to their mathematical percentage in consortium countries ) , and , while on azul , he would frequently eat cuisine called sushi .
give that country some responsible government and it will be a global leader .
even a few heads of countries were present at the large cathedral .
especially since many countries now spent most of their funds just trying to keep their citizens fed .
the only benefit to this was the fact that these same countries now spent less time fighting each other and more time fighting hunger .
what country is that ?
confiscating so - called illegal goods is legalized theft , and its a symptom of everything that s wrong with this country .
what the country needs at a time of crisis , nelson , is a president who knows what the hell he s talking about .
with the country on its knees , they would say , other global players were lining up to deliver the deathblow to america , the once prod and mighty nation that has nt always been as successful at making friends as it has been at making enemies .
fueled by megalomaniacal delusions of omnipotent power , we waged one mindless war after another , bankrupting the country financially and morally .
because you see , dr . tyson , as much as the senator hated the excesses of unfettered capitalism and the way the american people and their civil liberties became casualties in that fifty - year war on terror , he never gave up on this country .
he thought the religious right was too strong in this country .
after all , he was re - elected at a time when the country had nt seen a two - term president in over thirty years .
if one country went over the line , another country or a group of other countries , or the united nations came together , passed a resolution and bombed the perpetrating country back in its place .
if one country went over the line , another country or a group of other countries , or the united nations came together , passed a resolution and bombed the perpetrating country back in its place .
if one country went over the line , another country or a group of other countries , or the united nations came together , passed a resolution and bombed the perpetrating country back in its place .
if one country went over the line , another country or a group of other countries , or the united nations came together , passed a resolution and bombed the perpetrating country back in its place .
but if an accident , or a series of accidents , occurs , if equipment merely fails to function , if it appears faulty , especially in a slow fashion , over a period of natural time , with numerous small failures and misfirings - then the victim , whether a person or a party or a country , can never marshal itself to defend itself .
` ` -you know how you could smuggle microdots into a country without them knowing ? ''
in recent years , airframe manufacturers had been obliged to send portions of the fabrication overseas , to the countries ordering planes .
a country that ordered fifty planes expected to get a piece of the action .
you ca n't build an airplane in this country without faa approval and certification of the design and manufacturing process from start to finish . ''
` ` we ' ve been flying the n-22 in this country for five years . ''
we 're talking about a television show with compelling images that goes instantaneously to forty , fifty million people - a sizable percentage of the whole country - and murders our reputation .
then we think about putting the country together again and worry about who 's going to be prime executive .
if they 're still in amgando when the apostles get there , mondior will be able to gobble up the whole nucleus of any future legitimate government this country 's likely to have , all in one swoop .
they 'll say that if crackpots -- begging your pardon -- can upset the country 's prosperity any time they want , simply by making some cockeyed prediction -- it 's up to the planet to prevent them .
i took at face value a cynical comment from one of my professors : colonies always struggle for dominance when they are away from the mother country .
take it easy , they had said , but everything depends on it ; your country , your world , humanity .
it 's not just this country or that , after all .
the anglo - saxon countries won out , and i suppose that 's why the earth speaks planetary . ''
my country needs me . '
if one of the country 's largest atomic power plants is completely ruined in an unauthorized experiment , is an admitted accessory to that act a criminal ?
anyone or any group or any country that could suck all the available energy out of the equivalent of perhaps fifty to a hundred pounds of plutonium without exploding it , had america 's industry and america 's defense so snugly in the palm of the hand that the light and life of one hundred sixty million people could be turned off between yawns .
we let up after sixty - five , of course , because with the establishment of world control of atomic power , the scrapping of the atomic bomb stockpile in all countries , and the establishment of research liaison among the various spheres of influence on the planet , most of the ethical conflict in the scientific mind was removed .
' it is sometimes necessary to place good of country above a strict and selfish interpretation of legality . '
in the old days when there were a hundred separate countries on the earth and each one had its own complicated rules of citizenship , it was , even so , possible for a frenchman to become english or a japanese to become a brazilian , simply by going through a set of legal procedures .
i can become a naturalized human the way people once became naturalized as citizens of countries not their own . ''
` ` because we have a neurophysicist in our country who knows your work , and he thinks it is brilliant .
even if i wanted to work against my country , which i do n't , i ' m enough of a physicist not to try to do so by involving myself in anything as insane as working on a project without hope .
we ca n't force you to serve your country if you do n't wish to . ''
he said , ` ` what has this to do with the fact that my country will bitterly resent my kidnapping ? ''
secrecy seems to imply the possibility that the soviet union is planning to use miniaturization as a weapon of some kind , one powerful enough to make it possible for your country to find it feasible to break the mutual understanding that has led to peace and cooperation throughout the world for the last two generations . ''
` ` as a private citizen you can help us , knowing that you will not be harming your own country . ''
think about the benefits to your own country that will result from your acknowledged participation , to the needs of global science , to your own fame and reputation .
we will send you home with an innocuous story that does n't mention miniaturization , does n't embarrass either my country or yours , and relieves you of any suspicion of being a traitor .
if i have some regard for myself now , it is because only i can save our country . ''
i mean , insurance statistics show that everyone in the country is going to wind up in a traffic accident of some kind and most of us are going to be involved in more than one .
` ` lara has enough clout to get a navy chopper sent into another country 's airspace for an extraction ? ''
on june 5 , the ppa released comments on professor elliot 's work from other primatologists around the country .
for more than a hundred years , there had been organized movements in western countries to stop animal experimentation .
it called for erts to locate a natural source of industrial - grade diamonds in a friendly or neutralist country .
for instance , bsl , british sign language , was totally different from asl , american sign language , even though spoken and written english language was virtually identical in the two countries .
( martin said bluntly that ` ` this country will go to war over zaire before we go to war over any arab oil state . '' )
the name of the man differs in different countries , but his form is never changed but by death . ' ''
` ` the name of a man differs in different countries .
they differ from country to country . ''
a senseless display of power by a country that had already won the war .
the irony was not lost on him - the opportunity to work in the heart of the government in a country he had once vowed to hate .
people like you and me , people who truly have the nation 's best interests at heart , we find ourselves having to fight for our right to serve our country .
he could use the ring to save the country 's most valuable databank .
hale 's death was for country ... for honor .
` ` in fifteen minutes , every third world country on the planet will learn how to build an intercontinental ballistic missile .
sanders felt that blackburn ignored the inevitable realities of production in foreign countries .
third , i think that we have an obligationasocial obligation , if you will - to keep high - paying skilled jobs in the u.s . other countries do n't export good jobs .
` ` it 's one of the greatest myths that ever existed , the superiority of the country .
with authentic machinery , andrew can supply the entire country -- assuming that the transportation , the means of delivery , is there .
` ` according to our reports , he was the most popular public figure in the country . ''
how many countries have you conquered in the last century ?
though the two countries were descendants of the same racial and cultural heritage , there had been little contact between teod and arelon during the last decade .
teod had banished derethi ministers from the country fifty years ago following a small misunderstanding , and had never consented to let them back in .
then , when the country finally collapsed beneath the weight of political unrest , economic uncertainty .
remember that we all have much to gain from reform - including stability for our country and freedom for our people . ''
` ` you have the brains and the experience to know that a country can not withstand the stress that iadon is placing on it .
and me ... they all know that i helped iadon start this monstrosity that has slowly killed our country . ''
` ` i am afraid , my lady , that arelon 's most ' elite ' military group hardly does the country any credit .
` ` the first step in converting this country . ''
the sport soon became quite popular amongst the republicans - dula neutrality usually kept the country out of war , and so a form of fighting that did n't have martial applications appealed to them .
we ca n't stand against the united might of the eastern countries .
she had spent nearly three decades loving a country without ever feeling it loved her back .
your people know that this country is on the verge of financial ruin .
` ` i ' m not going to leave my daughter alone in a country on the edge of destruction without at least keeping an eye on her . ''
` ` he brought stability to this country in a time of need .
let this document become the law of our country .
for now , we need to worry about stopping telrii from giving our country to wyrn .
how much of this can a country stand before it breaks apart ? ''
of course , he claimed that he also knew it was best for the country .
they were the ones who were working to determine the fate of the country .
eventeo though he was presenting his country for surrender - he did n't realize that he was offering it up for a sacrifice .
she had fought with him over the fate of two countries .
if the armada had fallen , then be assured that teod would n't have been the only country to suffer .
by any country . ''
even then , the false light of science ( knowledge , if you like ) shone in only a few developed countries .
` ` do you accept , um , currency from a country that has n't been established yet ? ''
there had already been cases of american bioenginecring companies moving to another country so they would not be hampered by regulations and rules .
and other american companies were hurrying to set up facilities in foreign countries that lacked sophistication about genetic research .
` ` costa rica , '' hammond said , ` ` has better population control than other countries in central america .
we build the aswan dam and claim it is going to revitalize the country .
` ` universities are no longer the intellectual centers of the country .
he arched a brow at the two million credits ' worth of rocks sewn onto the governor 's jacket and adorning the man 's corpulent hand - would n't those help his country 's finances just a bit ?
` ` you were serving your country well .
their countries and politics would never allow them to unite .
one of the most secure countries on the planet ? ''
are there new countries , or just one big government ?
` ` there are still countries , but they 're more ... unified .
how many addicts are there in this country ?
especially since the country with the least regulation of genetic experiments is the united states .
this was n't a country ; it was a subsidiary of american business interests .
` ` american businesses spend more on advertising than any other country in the world , '' koss said .
it took him twenty years , and fighting all the way ; he dislodged every political opponent he met , from every country on terra .
on top of that , they 're always getting poisoned by shampoo and conditioner , which is why lice have become rare in wealthy countries .
` ` i ' m about to go online and talk to eleven billion dollars of venture capital in five countries and show them submicroscopic technology , except i do n't have a microscope feed , so they ca n't see the technology ! ''
still plucking at the sock , the lawyer said he wanted to talk to norman about a ` ` grave matter of national security facing our country today . ''
` ` simply that this country has absolutely no preparedness in the event of an alien invasion .
industrialized countries now include india and korea and japan , of course .
it 's hard to claim global warming is flooding your country if sea levels are n't rising . ''
made by several groups of scientists from several different countries .
the groups are in different universities and preferably in different countries .
and within the communist countries , the same in reverse .
eisenhower warned americans against it in the 1960s , and after two world wars europeans knew very well what it meant in their own countries .
` ` no country in the world produces thirty - five percent renewable energy , ann . ''
third world countries can leapfrog .
` ` i considered it , '' he said , ` ` but my brother and sister ardents from your country would likely have dropped dead of embarrassment .
in some countries , it is seen as displeasing to fight at all .
` ` and your united states was the most powerful country in the world . ''
barely two years after his letter to the president , stone was satisfied that ` ` this country has the capability to deal with an unknown biologic agent . ''
i regret that i have but one life to kill for my country . ''
a handful of people in a dozen countries remained intrigued , however .
` ` for god and country , '' he said .
` ` every one country born , and not a water - ditch among 'em .
second , the modern watchdog of all western capitalist countries , the government , was nowhere near so vigilant then .
he could see their startled faces as he stood before them , the three hundred bankers from all over the country assembled to discuss bonds and indebtedness , bankers who would instead hear the dirty truth about what the government was up to .
` ` i do n't run this country .
meantime , the team fled the country . ''
1965 more than 24,000 stereotaxic procedures on human beings have been performed in various countries by this date .
and it 's a huge problem in this country .
it supported the catholic church in saint - domingue , and one son of pierre fontenay , charlotte 's brother - in - law , became a priest two women in the family became carmelite nuns one was executed in the french revolution , along with all the members of her community the money of the colonial family , during all these years as their coffee and sugar and tobacco poured into europe and into north america , was frequently deposited in foreign banks the degree of wealth was enormous even for the multimillionaires of hispaniola , and the family seems always to have possessed quite fantastic amounts of gold and jewels this is not at all typical of a planter family , whose fortunes are generally connected with the land and easily subject to ruin as a consequence the mayfair family survived the haitian revolution with enormous wealth , though all of its land holdings on the island were irretrievably lost it was marie claudette , who established the mayfair legacy in 1789 , right before the revolution that forced the family to leave saint - domingue her parents were by that time dead the legacy was later enhanced and refined by mane claudette after she was settled in louisiana , at which time she shifted a great portion of her money from banks in holland and rome to banks in london and in new york the legacy the legacy is an immensely complicated and quasi - legal series of arrangements , made largely through the banks holding the money , which establishes a fortune that can not be manipulated by any one country 's inheritance laws essentially it conserves the bulk of the mayfair money and property in the hands of one person in each generation , this heir to the fortune being designated by the living beneficiary , except that should the beneficiary die without making the designation , the money goes to her eldest daughter only if there is no living female descendant will the legacy go to a man however , the beneficiary may designate a male , if she chooses to the knowledge of the talamasca , the beneficiary of the legacy has never died without designating an heir , and the legacy has never passed to a male child rowan mayfair , the youngest living mayfair witch , was designated at birth by her mother deirdre , who was designated at birth by antha , who was designated by stella , and so forth and so on however , there have been times in the history of the family when the designee has been changed for example , marie claudette designated her first daughter , claire marie , and then later changed this designation to marguerite , her third child , and there is no evidence that claire marie ever knew that she was designated , though marguerite knew she was the heiress long before marie claudette 's death the legacy also provides enormous benefits for the beneficiary 's other children ( the siblings of the heir ) in each generation , the amount for women usually being twice that given to the men however , no member of the family could inherit from the legacy unless he or she used the name mayfair publicly and privately where laws prohibited the heir from using the name legally , it was nevertheless used customarily , and never legally challenged this served to keep alive the name of mayfair well into the present century and in numerous instances , members of the family passed the rule on to their descendants along with their fortunes , though nothing legally required them to do so , once they were one step removed from the original legacy the original legacy also contains complex provisions for destitute mayfairs claiming assistance , as long as they have always used the name mayfair and are descended from those who used it the beneficiary may also leave up to ten percent of the legacy to other ' mayfairs ' who are not her children , but once more , the name mayfair must be in active use by such a person or the provisions of the will are null and void in the twentieth century , numerous ' cousins ' have received money from the legacy , primarily through mary beth mayfair , and her daughter stella , but some also through deirdre , the money being administered for her by cortland mayfair many of these people are now ' rich , ' as the bequest was frequently made in connection with investments or business ventures of which the beneficiary or her administrator approved the talamasca knows today of some five hundred and fifty descendants all using the name mayfair , easily one half of these people know the core family in new orleans , and know something about the legacy , though they are many generations removed from their original inheritance stella gathered together some four hundred mayfairs and related families in 1927 at the house on first street , and there is considerable evidence that she was interested in the other psychic members of the family , but the story of stella will be related further on .
country after country .
cardinal , is n't it a fact that in most catholic countries , especially those in the third world , no substantial middle class exists ?
in every case , we turn over the site to the government of that country .
you 're a hired gun , wanted for questioning in a dozen countries . ''
surely if the country could spend hundreds of billions for corporate bailouts , then it could afford to parachute in extra pop - tarts and a few lousy generators .
or any other country , for that : matter .
' not only have you reenlisted in your country 's service , you ' ve gotten an absolutely dizzying promotion . '
if you still recognize the government of the country you live in , you 'll obey it . '
' if so , they retaliated on the wrong country , ' cox said ... and barbie saw something in his eyes .
she had seen such beasts on the tv news , usually in foreign countries .
people hire us to do difficult things - like undermine a country 's ability to wage war - then complain that we 're too violent . ''
lemex stole from my father but still worked for the interests of my country .
that is n't helping reduce tensions between our countries . ''
other countries would be even more dangerous .
in another country , they 'd have no money and would make perfect subjects for ransom .
and then we 're supposed to know what is best for our country ? ''
it was useless to cry , that he loved his country , and had betrayed her only in extremis , as the lesser of two hideous evils .
he ca n't hold the country and keep the channel open both .
you should make me a coward , if i must fear that my death should turn you against my country . ''
and england was the first country to expel the jews entirely .
you ' ve been working for your country . ''
as if armageddon was some sort of cinematographic show that you wish to sell in as many countries as possible . ''
` ` every country , '' said crowley .
and their eyes would meet , and silently say : if she was a car she 'd be made by ferrari , she 's the kind of woman you 'd expect to see as the beautiful consort to the corrupt generalissimo of a collapsing third world country , and she hangs around with guys like us .
now a deep religio .. political divide , concerning which of four small mainland countries they were n't actually a part of , had split the country into three factions , destroyed the statue of santa maria in the town square , and done for the tourist trade .
` ` sort of sudden an ' slowly , '' said adam , ` ` 'cos a lot of 'em got away in boats to all the other countries and taught 'em how to do maths an ' english an ' history an ' stuff . ''
the english , by and large , being a crass and indolent race , were not as keen on burning women as other countries in europe .
i 'll see to it .. well , when i say i , i mean , i think antarctica or something belongs to every country , or something , and .. ` ` ` ` the fact is , sir , that we have been asked to give you a message . ''
heaven and hell are n't running things any more , it 's like the whole planet is a third world country that 's finally got the bomb ... then he began to smile .
however , a question so manifestly dim can only have been put in one country on this benighted planet .. most of which , incidentally , i have seen during the last few hours .
amnesty international reported that in several of the pan - arabic countries men who could not easily demonstrate that they had been born male and were not , in fact , women escaping the veil were being imprisoned and , in many cases , raped and killed .
duty remained : his country 's need stood above his own concerns .
laurence was taken aback by the violence of temeraire 's response ; and only after a sharp recrimination did he understand that temeraire had meant to propose not a separation but their remaining in china together , as though laurence had anything to do here but make a cake of himself , prancing about in false honors bestowed for mere politics and luxuriating in a wealthy foreign court , while on the other side of the world , his country - men fought and died to defend their country against an encroaching tyrant .
` ` i mean to ask him to send an envoy to my country . ''
and i say to myself , callyanne , this is a good time to just pray and hope the lord hear you and see you right , and i went down on my knees , well , my knees are not so good any more , so i just put my hands together , but anyway , i still do n't find your number , but look at how you just phone me up , and that 's even better from some points of view , particularly because i ai n't made of money and i ca n't afford to go phoning no foreign countries even for something like this , although i was going to phone you , do n't you worry , given the circumstances- '' and she stopped , suddenly , either to take a breath , or to take a sip from the huge mug of too - hot coffee she always carried in her left hand , and during the brief quiet fat charlie said , ` ` i want to ask my dad to come to my wedding .
they said he was solely responsible for the arrival of caribbean fusion cuisine in this country . ''
it belonged to the spanish , and then to british , then to the dutch , then to the british again , and then , for a short while after it was made independent in 1962 , it belonged to major f. e. garrett , who took over the government , broke off diplomatic relations with all other countries except albania and the congo , and ruled the country with a rod of iron until his unfortunate death from falling out of bed several years later .
her majesty 's constabulary look unkindly on kidnapping criminals in foreign countries , let alone arresting them , and she rather doubted she would be able to persuade him to return to the uk willingly .
the cro keeps close tabs on every site in the trial , reporting results to the sponsor / research organization , who makes their own reports to the fda or governing body in countries around the world .
those four plane crashes would have crippled the country , especially our defensive capabilities .
some of the increase is due to better diagnosis techniques , but there 's no question that asd is on the rise - in every country around the world .
the dutch had massacred the local african population for centuries in a series of frontier wars , but now the british came and brought modern war , the kind that only european countries can fight , but i think you know about that .
our mother country 's back is against the wall .
the radio reports kate had heard mostly talked of immari forces being defeated in third - world countries .
at least , that 's what they ' ve done in other countries . ''
oil is my country 's lifeblood .
would you kill to save your country ? ''
they were the symbol of this country .
it would devastate countries and world economies .
each transition weakened his country , his people .
every country was trying to discover the next innovation , the next bit of technology to revolutionize their economies .
` ` after traveling through so many foreign countries , i ' ve developed my own system of security . ''
neither country was willing to bend , especially on two critical points .
neither country wants to finance a new cold war . ''
` ` it seems it 's time once again to try mending fences between our two countries . ''
right now we must dig our country out of the rubble .
flags from various countries flapped above the ships .
nafe continued , ` ` omega team has served our country well , whether the public knows this fact or not . ''
with a nod to the country 's new leader , david swung around on numb legs .
in fact , lawrence nafe would be making a formal announcement in only a couple more hours , confronting the chinese aloud , drawing a line in the sand between their two countries .
` ` i know there is still much to settle between our countries , '' the president said , ` ` but together we 'll find a way to peace . ''
scenarios calculated by the best epidemiologists in the country have these numbers doubling every twelve hours .
accusations of corporate espionage , vandalism , outsourcing of research to third - world countries to avoid regulations .
in poor countries like haiti , people were regularly sold into slavery , sometimes by their own relatives .
in u.s . history , three presidents had died on the exact same day , on july 4 , on the birthday of this country .
after her betrayal , she had no home , no country , nothing but a thin allegiance to a covert u.s . agency known as sigma .
the high - masted clipper ship was the sultan 's pride , the country 's maritime ambassador to the world , a reminder of its nautical history .
here the country 's war on bioterrorism was waged across sixty thousand square feet of maximum - containment labs .
they ' ve been used to infiltrate hate groups , secret societies , hostile countries , wherever the concerns of the vatican are threatened .
` ` three countries in four hours . ''
it is worse than some third world countries .
the two in the photo were isaak and ischke waalenberg , twins , the youngest heirs to the family fortune , a fortune that rivaled most countries ' gross national product .
other countries were named , in alphabetical order .
from all the countries named here , it was n't just washington under threat .
it represented loss without a name , a life laid down in service to the country .
it was officially overseen by the country 's second - largest think tank , the stanford research institute , which down the line would help develop stealth technologies .
sean continued , ` ` mapplethorpe has got every intelligence agency in the country looking for that skull you acquired .
their weapons were unique to the country .
we can care for her much better than anyone in your country . ''
founded in 1802 , viatus provides products in 180 countries around the globe , enhancing lives and life quality through research and innovation .
in several nordic countries the mark can be found carved into slabs and standing stones .
the countries of zambia and zimbabwe recently banned all food aid that contained gm foods , even though millions in both countries faced starvation .
the countries of zambia and zimbabwe recently banned all food aid that contained gm foods , even though millions in both countries faced starvation .
since its inception in 1968 , it had grown into an organization encompassing thirty countries across five continents .
it was here that those who committed high treason to the crown and country were held .
his original keynote called for mandatory birth control in third world countries .
in 2000 , a gm corn called starlink , a corn not approved for human consumption like the viatus strain , ended up contaminating food products across the country .
but tomorrow these boxes will be sorted , cataloged , registered by country , even ... '' that 's when things went wrong .
one of his dissertations was vital in getting congress to pass a resolution concerning the role native americans played in the country 's founding . ''
` ` the symbol 's also found on the flags of most islamic countries . ''
only one person had a chance of gaining that knowledge - and he was on the run , being hunted by every law enforcement and intelligence agency in the country .
estimates say it would cover two - thirds of the country in at least a meter of ash , rendering the land sterile and uninhabitable .
a call to director crowe , followed by a flurry of communiques between the two countries ' intelligence agencies , facilitated some candid conversation .
since this morning 's briefing with the president , he 'd been ensconced in his windowless office at sigma headquarters , buried several floors beneath the smithsonian castle , yet steps away from the halls of power and many of the country 's best scientific institutions and think tanks .
clicking and dragging , he spun the matrix in a slow turn , a spiral galaxy of power and influence going back to before the founding of this country .
progeny and familial connections formed a monumental tapestry , a weaving and warping of heredity and genealogy that spanned two centuries , back to the founding of the country .
the fate of the country depended on the next few minutes .
teresa melody gant it would be the grieving widow who would tug at the heartstrings of the country and assume her dead husband 's mantle .
he served as the lead scientist at the yongbyon nuclear scientific research center in north korea - a facility known for enriching uranium used by the country 's atomic program .
so far , there have been no rumblings from either country about this crash . ''
newfound pride flowed through the veins of the country 's people .
the true wealth of the country lay buried not in the lost tomb of genghis khan , but in the deposits of coal , copper , uranium , and gold , a treasure trove valued at over a trillion dollars .
under strict sanctions , the country still could not feed itself .
so you must make amends for this grievous error and embarrassment to our country . ''
she noted the facial features of the team in camouflage , all north korean , likely their country 's elite special forces .
stories ranged from the discovery of a lost nazi base to the secret testing of nuclear weapons - which was done in this region by your own country , i might add , back in 1958 .
eventually he was convicted in absentia on multiple charges , by multiple countries , and was forced to flee underground .
but she was fifteen , and he was older than most countries , no matter how young he seemed .
the spanreed continued to write , giving tyn a longer rundown of conditions in various countries .
if their speech drew the unmade , the entire country would be cursed ! ''
` ` if a king is destroying his country , '' the mercenary said , ` ` is it not the right - the duty - of the people to see him removed ? ''
' if this works , ' he wrote on a forum a few months back , ' then any person in any country could have access to powerful computing .
and you also knew that once levana became empress , she planned on having kai assassinated so she could have total control of the commonwealth and use that power to launch a full - scale attack on the other earthen countries . ''
if the other leaders knew that she 's been spying on them all this time , and that she has every intention of invading their countries the first chance she gets , there 's no way they would condone this wedding .
a way to stay alive , a way to protect his country even after he 'd cursed them all with a tyrant for an empress .
even though he should have been glad that his country 's most - wanted fugitive had been captured , the thought made him ill . ` ` what about her ? ''
you 're a wanted criminal in three earthen countries , and one of the most recognizable men on earth . ''
he was far too restless to sit down as he glanced around at his cabinet members and advisers , his country 's highly educated experts , who were looking as baffled as he felt .
after the lunar attacks that occurred on the soil of all six earthen countries , it would be within the jurisdiction of any one of my peers to meet this blatant threat of war with their own show of force . ''
the draft went against that value and , i believe , belittled all that we have accomplished in the one hundred and twenty - six years since our country was formed .
our country was built on a foundation of equality and togetherness , not prejudice and hatred . ''
it was probably monitored , too , but she hoped that today , of all days , the country 's security team would have their hands full elsewhere .
i have a country to protect .
all six countries have declared a state of war .
set up by the surrounding countries .
nothing wrong with a man turning a profit and helping his country at the same time . ''
` ` understand that when i go back i have the secret services of not one but two countries working against me ?
and she did the same for him - his office formed a country forbidden to all of us .
i was establishing new countries , and i needed breeding stock .
he 's devious and has no principles whatsoever , but he does want what 's best for his country . '
` ` every country has its stories of ogres and monsters , '' silk said skeptically .
` ` when you 're trying to hide your identity , you pick an assassin from another country .
` ` if you had a very close friend -you do have a few friends , do n't you , anheg , dear ? - and if this friend of yours was also a high - ranking official in your government , and the king of another country had him murdered , what would you do ? ''
not only that , there have been fairly large shipments of arms filtered into the country . '
your sister 's terribly afraid right now , and she wants lots and lots of soldiers in her country to protect her from the bugs .
` ` how soon do you want the fleet we 'll put together to reach your country ? ''
` ` this little game you ' ve been playing gave my wife the brilliant idea that she 's going to run my country while i ' m gone . ''
` ` until a month or so ago i did n't even know the name of my country .
everything is confused , and there 's nobody to point the country in any one direction .
then , if you start a war between that country and another one at the same time , you add just that much more confusion .
you 're going to have to keep nachak from destroying my country .
tonight , i ask , on behalf of her royal highness , the princess of wales : will you do what no other young women are called to do , and place your lives and honor at the feet of your country ? ''
the task for which miss adler was engaged by the museum is to go through and catalog all of the crates and shipments that flooded the country during the first part of the century .
yesterday , when i 'd been trusted by the princess to protect and serve my country .
that was how evaline and i came to be called into service for our country as well .
i mean , countries used them in the old wars , right ?
dak had assumed the greatest leader the world had ever known would have a deep , resounding , booming voice , a voice that could be heard across the entire country every time he so much as said ` ` excuse me . ''
just the day before , the monk had met with dignitaries from several countries , showing no signs of mental trouble , advocating for peace .
then president of the country by forty .
the country celebrated , but on the heels of the week - long party that had come from the coronation , the birthday seemed to dissolve into just one more day of royal shenanigans .
joshua haddon did n't seem at all put off by the queen 's lack of interest in public policy and her country 's welfare , though it took all of levana 's efforts to keep from rolling her eyes .
by meeting the needs of her country when the queen was too busy cavorting with her many suitors to care .
levana tore her gaze away from the baby , who was laid out on an embroidered quilt in the center of the room as if this were a common day care and not a royal meeting to discuss the country 's upcoming anniversary celebration .
finding a perfect match would be difficult but they would scour the entire country for a suitable donor , and surely , no one would dare refuse a request from their princess should she ask .
three circular rows of the country 's twenty - six senators surround the stage , uniform in their matching scarlet - and - black suits , their silver epaulettes reflecting the chamber 's light , their voices echoing along the arched ceilings .
you think you 're this country 's savior , do n't you ?
` ` this country will go down in flames with you at the helm , and my ghost will be laughing at you all the way from hell . ''
if the republic really is going back to war , then maybe i should find a way to get eden out of the country .
faline guides me down the corridor , where senators are carrying on random conversations and other elite guests talk and laugh with one another like everything in the country is going great .
what would you ask me to do , if you felt absolutely no pressure from anyone else in this country ? ''
not with metias as a criminal working against the country .
i 'd told him over the past year who june is : a republic girl who decided to help us out , a girl who 's now training to be the country 's future princeps .
but you wo n't be if the rest of the country 's poor hears about how you 're handling this , and even i might not be able to stop them from starting a revolution .
while i do n't want to see your friends shackled like prisoners , i have no reason to believe that they 'll now help a country that they have terrorized for so long . ''
it 's lined with flags from countries around the world .
some of the other countries ' flags have the word ally hovering under their names .
` ` in fact , with another country helping the colonies , i would n't be surprised if the armor breaks down in a matter of days with this kind of assault .
the united states unofficially split into two countries on october 1 , 2054 and officially became the western republic of america and the eastern colonies of america on march 14 , 2055 . ''
by early 2058 , the united states government ceased to exist altogether in the east and was replaced with the colonies of america , formed by a coalition of the country 's top thirteen corporations and bolstered by their joint profits .
how can two countries with such radically different philosophies ever reunite ?
his father must ' ve seen such a move as the ultimate betrayal of his country .
all of our countries ' relations are held together with a fragile web of diplomatic threads , and these threads are what prevent us from helping one another . ''
he slouches , and for a moment i can see him as he really is , a young ruler standing alone against a tide of opposition and attempting to bear the burden of his country on his own shoulders , with a senate cooperating only out of fear .
you can slowly whittle away whatever 's left of your life , staying loyal to a country that 's not loyal to you - or you can do something for us .
you can publicly ask the republic 's people to accept the colonies , and help this country fall under the rule of something better .
it 's not like anden can uproot the entire country 's infrastructure in the span of a year .
a senate meeting feels so trivial right now - the colonies are gradually pushing our country back with the help of strong allies , antarctica still refuses to help us , and commander jameson is at large .
you know how much graffiti i ' ve seen over the last few months that support both you and the country ? ''
one senator ( thin , probably no more than a hundred and forty pounds , with a gleaming bald head ) barks , looking at me as if i ' m responsible for the entire country 's downfall .
we 'll hand the country over based on the advice of some damn boy who should still be on our nation 's criminal list ! ''
you have power over this entire country .
maybe we 'll belong to a different country , or maybe anden and i will both be dead .
he 's been forced to fragment the country .
he 's envious that i have the choice to step away from the world of politics , that i can turn to something else , when anden will forever and always be our elector , someone the country needs to lean on .
now , as i look at anden , i can see that same fearlessness burning steadily in his eyes , his need to assert himself as a worthy leader of his country .
as if we are truly handing our country over to someone else .
he 's going to think that everyone in the country will see me switch allegiances to the colonies .
` ` the senators , unfortunately , might be less happy about the whole thing - and as for the elector himself ... well , you can only have one real ruler for one country , and i am already here . ''
echoes of the philosophy of the republic 's own former elector - echoes of something that , no matter what country i ' m in , never seems to change .
the country is going to rejoice when they hear the good news . ''
that , deep down , i ' m still june iparis , the republic 's most celebrated prodigy ... that i ' m still loyal to this country .
i helped the country 's most notorious criminal escape his execution , aided the rebel patriots in a staged uprising against a military headquarters , and turned my back on the republic .
when the time comes for a new elector primo , the country must remind the people to focus on the positive .
our goal is not only to kill anden , but to turn the country completely against him , so that his regime will be doomed even if our plan fails .
our country is on the brink - all it needs now is a hand to tip it over . ''
but i ' m sure there 's going to be some kind of national broadcast to tell the country i ' m still alive .
` ` after the war started , both countries started using them offensively , so the republic destroyed all the entrances within their borders and the colonies did the same on the other end .
i try to imagine what it must ' ve once been like , a time when there was n't a republic or colonies and a single country covered the middle of north america .
are this many countries struggling to get by ?
african president ntombi okonjo proposed a halt today to the united nations ' aid for the republic until there is enough evidence of a peace treaty between the isolationist country and its eastern neighbor- '' isolationist .
he 's not strong enough to hold this country together by himself .
your name 's spray - painted on walls all over the country , even over the elector 's portraits in some places .
then instead of quelling rebellions and trying to keep things from falling apart , i can concentrate on implementing the changes this country needs . ''
if word gets out that the country 's most gifted prodigy is being convicted of treason - or even demoted for disloyalty - well , you can see how poorly that would reflect on the republic .
` ` the trials are an outdated way of choosing our country 's best and brightest . ''
i ' ve never heard any stories about the republic that were n't filtered through the country 's school or public messaging systems - and now the elector himself is going to tell me one .
that 's what this country needs - not a new elector , but no elector .
` ` anden is about to lose his grip on the country .
second , i did n't sign up to destroy the country , to hand all the republic 's civilians right back to another goddy elector . ''
we 're now zooming across the empty airspace between the two countries , and kaede sends us into another spin that saves us from a barrage of fire .
i imagine the same protests sparking up across the country , in every street and city .
he can build that country we all hope we can have .
many of the senators are battling for control amongst themselves , and many people in the country are hoping for me to make a wrong move . ''
` ` one moment wo n't keep me in the people 's favor forever , and i ca n't hold the country together alone . ''
i can see the exhaustion in his face , and the frustration that comes with being responsible for his country .
i was assigned here , to the country 's top university , at twelve , four years ahead of schedule .
i know metias would be proud that he gave his life for his country . ''
it is my pleasure , elector , to do what i can for our country . ''
i worked my way up , i earned my country 's respect .
` ` seriously , though , '' gudmund said , ` ` what kind of country builds a prison next to people 's houses ? ''
there 's an international treaty saying no country can lay claim to anything that 's not on earth .
and by another treaty , if you 're not in any country 's territory , maritime law applies .
and ... no countries anymore , either .
` ` i am not knowing if these countries were evers such a good idea in the first place . ''
` ` about countries , i mean . ''
bite - nats , the shorten scientific word for bacterial gnats created from the nuclear war iii invasion on the middle east countries and used as battle gear over the flesh and blood bodies of the fighting rebels on both sides of the war .
after three nuclear wars between the fighting usa and the lost foreign countries of the world along with mother nature plus lots of poor timing , the birmingham rich mountain soil flies off and out into the gulf of mexico waters as the storm rain drowns the vegetables rotten to the core under too abundant flood waters while the too hot intense sunlight kills the native floral and fruit plants .
this heres still a free country .
each mirror here in the main hall is a port to a country around the world .
within these countries you ll find their major cities .
within two weeks , half of the respective countries were infected , and the number was only too rapidly increasing .
as people desperately attempted to escape the countries on ships and planes , in the hope of finding shelter in non - infected countries , they only helped the disease spread even quicker .
its amazing how long it takes for a country to build itself ; jobs , laws , currency , education and health systems ... all gone in a few weeks .
well , in this book , the infection was only in one country .
we step into the room , the walls are the first thing i notice , they are plastered with photographs , the chronicles of gemmas life , there are pictures of her in school , with her friends on the beach , with her family in foreign countries , pictures of different places she visited along with pictures of her as a child .
maybe there is some country that is working on getting rid of the virus , we are unsure .
there will be evacuation planes and ships leaving the country every six hours on the hour , the final evacuation will be at twelve o clock next wednesday .
so there s three countries , right ?
so my question is , who keeps track of the three countries to make sure they re playing by the rules and only manufacturing enough money to equal each countrys worth ?
so my question is , who keeps track of the three countries to make sure they re playing by the rules and only manufacturing enough money to equal each countrys worth ?
most of the countries in the world were in disarray and in desperate need of order and an honest face to look up to .
then when countries borrowed more from each other or their own banks than they could possibly pay back , they began to back their currency with debt .
all it took was for one large country with a solid military force to call in what was owed to them for it all to collapse .
when the other countries could nt pay what they owed , they went to war , which eventually became world war three .
now king sinclair regulates everything , so all three countries are treated the same .
royalty gets the best as a show of respect between countries .
or maybe he already shipped a hundred million needles out into the world to infect entire countries !
this occurred when the country went into a recession , which was likened to the great depression .
sometimes people are so angry at the government of that country and what they stand for that they punish the people rather than the government in order to get their message across .
after all , there were terrorists in other countries blowing people up just to say they did it .
if there s ever a drought or serious flooding , its going to be you who can aid the country , not your father .
maybe it was the way he flaunted his arrogance like a proud king over his country .
some of them set off their bombs in lesser countries .
the kids are too valuable to the country and we are under attack .
i ve shut up for a long time and allowed you to run the country however you wanted to .
synengine energies is a multinational group with installations in over fifteen countries .
most countries are n't even providing such an immunization , but we fought for it .
we must consider that we are a country who has sacrificed in the past , not only for our way of life but to help those around the world who in dire circumstances needed us by their side .
as a country , as a planet we must do what is required of us to support the preservation of our species : the human race .
sure , too many americans are overweight and yes , i agree that it is costing our country billions , but where i have a problem is with the government forcing people to lose weight .
` ` since when is the prince of southmoor not invited to meetings involving the well - being of our country ?
i opened my mouth to protest , to defend the country of my birth , but jack pinned me to my chair with a glare .
i ' ve spent time on both sides of the border , i ' ve seen the pros and cons to both countries and one thing stands out loud and clear with regards to mexico .
i picked the country with the most favorable banking laws i could find at the time , but you 'll still want to physically move the money to another bank the first chance you get .
they are only sent out for battling powerful dark guilds or when other countries attack us .
she knew her mother was alive , but she also know that most everyone in the country believed that she 'd been killed .
do you know how much this country has sacrificed ?
and he believes your uncle is one of those who s stoking up trouble by assuring faisal that the arabs of palestine will rise up to support his takeover of this country .
i like to see my country producing the very best , agent i paused , waiting for him to give me his name .
we ve been fighting for the country and helping to clear back crawlers , i say .
he told me that it is a society that strives to better this country , and he is leading the way .
i do not care about what or why , you are a traitor to your country and will be punished as such .
it was the same night that she was supposed to murder james monroe , who was about to be inaugurated as the president of our country .
the other networks , too , all over the country , probably the world by now , as the zombies crowd outside the doors .
now , one of the neighboring countries is going to send us a canine unit to aide us in the search .
they could all get excited about the political situations in foreign countries , and amber fully understood bens passion for the human rights movement .
a few weeks later , ben and amber were rambling on and on about the industrial exploitation of third - world countries , and sara turned her attention to the other students around her in the cafeteria .
i will give my entire mind , body and soul to protect this country and to protect the brave men and women who defend it .
the country , in fact all countries , had become unsustainable .
as great britain regained its power and financial stability , people started to feel that we would become a target from other countries that had not seen the same recovery .
they had kept their pride until the end , hoping that other countries would work together to help them and ultimately everyone lost out .
thank you , you are far too kind , said tobias today is a fantastic day for tethtech , for our soldiers and for the future of this country .
i give you one soldier , alive from battle and free to protect the country another day .
these are soldiers who fight for this country every day .
its interesting but does nt it promote the idea that our country should be at war ?
on average , intimate partners in this country murder more than three women and one man every day .
um , well , before the unity act , the united states and canada were two separate countries .
the unity act rescued us from destruction and brought back order by combining the remaining portions of the united states and canada into one country , the northern american alliance and created its three governing councils : the public safety council , the public welfare council , and the public defense council .
hm , is that not col . isaac , the soldier man who has led five peace - keeping missions to different countries ?
crime rates are just excessive in this country these days he said as he nodded his head in pity .
we worked all night packaging all our products for distribution , now we are through what s left now is flying out with them to the respective countries that s impressive i said as i smiled nodding my head in joy , my boys have been hardworking since day one .
when anybody tries selling that domino theory i ask , ` ` what do they think , the little countries in southeast asia will become communist and then fall over and make such a splash in the pacific , that it will cause a tidal wave across the ocean and come crashing over here and knock us over with communism ? ''
and we lose as a country because we let it happen .
because fugitive spirits do n't just exist in english speaking countries .
does nt knowing your country is safe from an interplanetary war good enough of a reward ?
the vice - president of this ... disgusting country , has our beautiful emblem tattooed on his shoulder !
but there are n't any countries in asia .
he was the man , and as such professed the ultimate skill to put an end to this horrendous battle ; a battle fought with courage and honour , where the man would come out on top , having obliterated his adversaries , and all for the sake of queen and country .
they are the real leaders over this country .
he is not the real leader of this country ; he is just some pet of theirs .
mam had been an outcast even from her own family and with the world beginning to lock down already , countries wanted their own to stay close , especially those who might prove valuable , or dangerous .
whole countries fell to ruin for lack of the goods and trade they had learned to rely upon .
the few who spoke out for the common good of all countries , bountiful or needy , were quickly silenced .
she had seen the old map too , with its uncommonly huge shapes of green and brown , criss - crossed with boundaries and borders of the countries that no longer existed .
the shifting of her vast body caused a chain reaction that swelled her mighty seas to swallow entire countries .
the name of the country used in the code identified which agent it was .
it gave many of earths countries a leg up on their competitors .
the alien races who made these deals with countries from earth also cloaked themselves in secrecy because it was heavily frowned upon to have direct interaction with primitive cultures , by order of the universal mother ( the organization that governs all galaxies ) .
the whole democrats versus republicans struggle is just a big song and dance put on for the people of this country so that they feel like they have a say in what s going on in their lives .
i m trained and ready to serve my country , said roger .
there s no reason to have the aliens just waltzing into our country like they own the place .
this country was nt going to elect you .
i missed most of the formative history of this country , however .
we watched in amazement as he spun for us intricate adventures ; reconstructing wars and endless conquest , enslaving those of neighboring countries .
however , rumor passed that the mines were going dry , and it was feared they would have to turn to other countries for minerals .
for you see , the countries to the east all despised arria and shama wished to join them , for he had lots of connections in the popo hills of pinal and arria , possibly making him a valuable ally for any of arrias enemies .
are you suggesting were at war with another country and we do nt know about it ?
this illian will then suffer what some in other countries might think of as chronic bad luck .
it could tell the time in six different countries , was workable in up to 6 feet of water , had a calculator , a light and , the most impressive of all , could change the channels on any t.v .
each country is obligated to fill a percentage of young men to join admiral horatio viscount nelson 's fleet .
it was not that he was a supporter of the monarchy , i knew that he was as critical as anyone about the way they had exploited the people and mismanaged the country 's affairs , but his intelligence and professionalism rose to suppress any dislike he held for them and to conduct himself with dignity .
` ` i still think that you could be the best ruler for this country . ''
she and nicholas made terrible , ignorant mistakes in the running of the country .
some countries were trying to dam up their rivers so that they could keep all of their water for themselves .
but most rivers flow through countries , so those dams meant some other country was being cut off from their source of fresh water .
many of these countries were no longer arguing about water ; they were fighting over it .
they are clearly the key to an international plot to destroy our country by starving it of water !
we are being weakened , left defenseless to the point that our enemies could simply walk in and take over our country !
they are currently scattered all over our country , working as spies for our enemies !
water wars were flaring up between countries , and no one knew what to do about those , either .
he told them that more countries had started fighting over water .
as part of the collaboration with other countries , under the g8 committee , the base would host many dignitaries and workshare with soldiers from around the world .
they did so with far more diligence when passing over the countries that were part of the former soviet union .
sure , our conversations were heady , and he could make my mind swim with his rapid - fire observations on life , society and the whole cruel joke of college in a country where opportunity was sinking , not rising .
in some countries , they were believed to be gods .
he looked like a man who 'd led a thousand countries into war and emerged the victor .
he is probably living from pay check to pay check like most of the people in this country .
there has been no contact made that were aware of , and there s nothing on the aircraft that identifies which country this ship originated from .
i began going through a list of countries that could ve posed the technology to build something like that .
if this was some country trying to make a power play , they would ve had at least a flag painted on it in order to let people know who they were .
what country do you think built it ?
we had nothing in development anywhere near the size of that thing , and i ca nt imagine another country could build something like that without there being a leak , or at least rumors .
but if this did mean war , i was nt so sure we could fight a country that had that technological capability .
there is no word as to who is responsible for the ship , as no one person or country has stepped forward .
was god judging our country ?
what states or countries have you visited ?
perhaps you should step down and let someone take the throne that is willing to make this country great , someone like me !
i will leave the hard work to you ormond , and stick to one day running a country , he laughed .
a lot of countries would pay handsomely to get their hands on someone who can do what you can do , but then i saw your true light .
bad citizens could make the country socially unstable .
mass - produced at the forty - eight genetic engineering departments that dot the country .
the woman watched along with the rest of the country that morning with as much interest as a hotel attendant from el paso could possibly have .
the united states passport resting on the finely finished pine end - table guaranteed him an easy passage through any number of countries .
the collection could easily buy several small to mid - size countries .
the manor was the last stop in their long line of stops between countries .
somehow , though , i managed , and once school started in june , i met many other students like me , from countries around the world .
the commercial they filmed , though , caused a small phenomenon within the country .
but as citizens of this country we have responsibilities to it .
if we do nt have well - educated men in the big chairs keeping this country strong , powerful , and on track it will go straight to hell .
i m not responsible for anyone but myself right now so i choose to be responsible to my country .
yeah , there s a charity where you can buy people in less privileged countries stuff from a catalog , like a goat or chickens or water pumps and stuff .
across the world to the east , countries were one by one welcoming in the new year , while to the west the others made their preparations for the big event .
the girl said she wanted to serve people , the human race , so she went to help rebuild countries after natural disasters .
maybe today as a country , we react because we are afraid of people we ca n't understand or wo n't .
she must have recognized the country code .
she wondered what country he d gone to on exchange .
he used his free hand to rub his forehead as he listened to the silence that hung between countries .
we are on a floating country where the only laws are the ones that i make .
we conduct all of our business here , away from the archaic laws of the countries that try to stymie progressive ideas , highly profitable ideas .
for queen and country is more than just an expression , they would do anything she commanded .
the chairs looked as if they were all modeled after thrones from thirty different countries .
signs said that the collection had been relocated to denver the new capital of the country .
instead , zzyk traded the oil to other countries .
i mean , were the most technologically advanced society in the world , but were more antiquated when it comes to the genders than any third - world country .
the pads also connected wizards to various countries around the globe .
you see , the very cargo planes that export our fish to the western markets , first bring in illegal weapons into our country .
she could nt believe how hurtful it was , hearing those things about yourself and knowing the entire country would be reading them .
someone in the audience had captured her spectacular fall on video , and it appeared on the internet and news stories around the country .
hell , the country is going through a crisis .
with the boost of health - insurance coverage back in the day and the mandated termination of abortions , the country has grown too fast .
the room showcases posters from book signings around the country .
there was even an island in between the two cities , and it housed both the countries governments .
they even shared the same legislature , each country getting half of the chamber .
it d be exciting to visit all those different countries .
the two countries had things reversed at niagara falls .
i actually had some windows after highschool that i f - ed up epically by saying really stupid things like ya , i def think i could cheat on emma or i m working on a book about jesus being reborn in a third world country .
i could hear my social psychology professors voice , every study ever conducted on social equality shows that its better to live in a country that s more equal but poorer , than a country that s richer but less equal .
i could hear my social psychology professors voice , every study ever conducted on social equality shows that its better to live in a country that s more equal but poorer , than a country that s richer but less equal .
and we think globalization is a good thing for like little countries in asia .
even on earth different countries had different leaders .
experts fear the move will spark a food crisis in countries that now rely on us wheat after the failures of their own harvests .
were one of those countries , are nt we ?
sharing skills and technology with poorer countries .
led by chairman lao tzu of china and americas president ness , all countries agreed to stop using fossil fuels within twenty years .
with most countries already struggling to feed their own population , this tidal wave of refugees will create chaos around the world .
phoenix enterprises did nt yet have the resources to advertise outside their local area but psi - tech could create television commercials across the entire country .
he saw newspaper articles featuring the expansion of psi - tech by the opening of new facilities across the country .
maybe i will be an asset to the country .
my aunt warned me once , that often people from other countries grew tired of americans , bludgeoning their native language .
who knew what these people were capable of , the ones that hired young women from other countries .
it was my honor as a junior senator from maine to lead the rebuilding efforts of our country , to throw my hat into the ring and accept your generous nomination for president of the united states .
neither have i used anyexistingmythor religious reference , nor researched the lawsof any country .
there were just too many stores she had nt shopped in and too many countries she had nt visited .
not just for saving my life , but for putting yours in danger to protect the morals and laws of this country .
do you know anything about other states or countries , ellis said .
the countries of our worlds will fall to evil .
yes , all of the allies , even the subjugated countries .
but when i was born , the big thing to do was adopt kids from third world countries .
why did we need to go to another country to adopt one ?
all these commercials to help sick , homeless , orphaned , and hungry kids in other countries , but yet we have tons of sick , homeless , orphaned and hungry kids right here at home .
this is supposed to be a free country .
that course is also relatively new in our country .
local orphanages were unable to deal with the demands so every country formed their own intranational refugee camp .
the country hosting us permitted our violence because we kept their citizens scared to death of being anywhere near a foreign visitor .
tg said their computers had virtually no protection , which led him to believe that the country might have primitive military defenses too .
source of extremely low - paid workers ; will accept contracts from any country , no matter how disreputable they are or how disgusting the jobs were .
tg found names of the countries that worked with them along with the types of contracts that they had with them .
he had n't heard of most of the countries ; suspected that all were dictatorships .
keeping another country supplied with human robots that are designed to meet specific personality criteria , including being docile , could be a lucrative business .
she also saw plenty of navy ships around both countries ' ports and circulating in the waters off - shore .
navies of all countries were clearly identified as such by flags .
also , the navies of the countries in the area always chase the pirates , so their ships have to be really fast .
` ` it wo n't matter if the winning bid comes from a country with overwhelming force , of if the intent of the winning bidder is to kill one or both of them .
he and a group of other members had for years , tried to take over and rule the country as elitist .
most neighboring countries in european closed their borders to the people of st . viktersburg .
she makes him pass resolutions that favor trade and business with her country above all others .
many years ago , the private study on the other side of the wall was the secluded reception room of foreign ambassadors whose countries were nt always on the best of terms with arria .
how can we trust that monika wo nt make us a vassal of that country ?
just because you re president volkovs son does nt mean anything when it comes to the finite laws of this country .
thanks to savage run , the hosting countries will have their share of oil for an entire year .
you know the first thing the unifers bombed when they started taking over your country ?
please welcome president volkov and the representatives of the official participating countries , the generous benefactors of the savage run .
however , when a country becomes involved in supporting an event such as this one , research shows that there is a measurable increase in happiness among the nations citizens .
like me , many of the laborers in newland still consider the super nation traitors because they did nt send help when the rogue unifer army usurped our country .
the ceremony continues and each of the representatives of the hosting countries take the stand for a few minutes , speaking of how privileged they are to be part of something so grand .
even though the countries backing the savage run do nt subscribe to our hierarchical society , they seem happy enough to support it .
he encouraged kings and princes to do whatever they needed to do in order to keep their countries powerful .
he was the mysterious so - called uber - terrorist that no country in the world had the power to bring down .
have you ever wondered why almost every country in the world hates us ?
i was sure that he had stared death in the face countless times and not flinched while defending our country .
in the months to come , more domestic terror cells will rise from the abyss and continue to plunge this country into oblivion .
issy quickly adds , ya i hate that we think we are cleaning up our environmental record but seem to ignore the fact that we have shut down tons of factories only to have them replaced in tons of other countries that have even shittier controls over the pollution they create .
any country or government that does n't buy it off us , we will release the virus in their population .
the moment the virus spread its tentacles across the country , he was in charge .
children were adopted from other countries , then abused and treated like slaves .
the story was reported all over the country , bobby said .
these delegates from all these countries met in lisbon .
they discussed racial backgrounds , coming from foreign countries , religion , and their mutual love of california .
what about a game of horsethat is if your country even knows anything about basketball .
maybe your country has too much , he said , looking directly at mrs . shapiros extended waistband on her pants .
he was asking all kinds of questions about you , but stopped when i pointed out that its illegal in our country for a man of twenty to pursue a fourteen - year - old girl .
he named one of the best marine studies universities in the country .
suddenly , as the view descended , the names and boundaries of the countries were superimposed on the image .
from this altitude , the three countries looked like pieces from a colossal jigsaw puzzle .
why would anyone in your country want to kill us ?
were being occupied by another country , says dad .
on the 11th of january everything changed , the newly re - elected president made an address to the country that would change things forever .
martial law was enacted upon the country .
there are several home grown terrorist cells across the country that have been developing for the past couple of decades .
instead of being mad at me , you should be looking for whoever sold you that junk and if you got that from your fbi daddy , i truly feel in danger for the safety of this country if this is the technology that they are using .
the saudis were the most supportive country in the middle east of the elite government of the world .
the leaders of the african countries wanted to have a meeting in egypt .
now this aggravated me on a lot of levels as there country could have led these assault years ago but let the government elite keep their claws in the country .
now this aggravated me on a lot of levels as there country could have led these assault years ago but let the government elite keep their claws in the country .
they have connections in all the countries and they needed to do this to empower themselves .
we will be back with new leadership that will better represent the interest of the people of this country any atrocities committed in our absence the guilty parties will meet the same fate as fallen king and make sure that message gets passed along .
she was nt alone , the entire country tuned in ; reporters filled the pews and relayed the events each night like a soap opera .
but everyone in the government was so damn - blasted ready to make peace with hitler after the irish campaign , the whole damn - blasted country was and the special election of ' 42 just opened the door to mosley and his buf chums .
without us , the whole country could collapse into anarchy .
eventually they took all the tribes that hated each other and those that liked each other and those that did not know and could not speak to each other and said , ` ` you are now all one country , and we are in charge of you . ''
* * * * * * although oil seeps were seen in the niger delta in the early 1900s , no one then could have predicted how the discovery of massive quantities of oil would eventually shape the futures of entire countries such as nigeria and , in fact , would help shape the politics of the world .
since nigeria joined opec in 1971 , hundreds of billions of dollars have flowed into nigeria , making oil the vast majority of the country 's economy .
most amazing to lola was that the poll showed no statistically significant differences about this belief among people by age , gender , education , race , or region of the country .
she was as broken down as he was going to get her , and now it was time to work the magic of convincing her that she had a very important , no , pivotal , role to play in the future of her country .
she had texted the us from other countries before with no problem .
you , singlehandedly , will bring the eyes and ears of the whole country to my cause .
you will explain that we must cease letting countries steal our smartest young people , luring them away from building this nation with promises of more ease and comfort than they can resist .
she read that this declaration was endorsed by more than a hundred countries , but the good old u.s.a . did not appear to be one of them .
how did one do another country again ?
can you imagine calling a foreign country and asking them to give you information on some girl you met over the summer ?
the country is on the eve of another crisis , the interviewee declared passionately .
until those siloviki1 who have neither fear nor conscience cease control over the country , no change is possible .
our country has survived communists , liberals , bandits and oligarchs .
needless to say , he must also be able to command his soldiers , kill his enemies and die for his country .
from my point of view , they have gathered impressive experience in researching problems that our country will most likely face in a few years time .
there will soon be a shortage of skilled workers in the country .
unfortunately , replied ym , these countries governments sometimes behave irrationally .
professor , the union state is a long - term concept , an attempt to move the relationship between the two countries to a new level .
speaking of sovereignty , he continued , the republic of belarus is an independent sovereign state , and , as far as i know , our country is strictly following those principles .
he is now supposed to resolve all the issues dealing with the euro , saving individual countries and the system budget deficit , but he ca nt do anything about it .
in my opinion , in the short term , the current situation is beneficial first of all to germany and other euro - zone exporting countries .
to tell the truth , however , pessimistic opinions prevail inside the country too .
this means that more than half the production capacity in any given country has been destroyed ; which , according to simple maths , gives us the effect of a low base .
the country lacks national capital , ym answered quietly , refusing to lose his cool .
that kind of paternalistic approach is very common in our country , ym said .
i am against multiculturalism and i am confident that this road goes nowhere , a theory that has been supported by the governments of the leading european countries .
they call it lobbyism in your country .
perhaps the image we have as the most corrupt country protects the domestic market from competition from small and medium - sized foreign companies .
i mean the idea of supporting this image of being the most corrupt country in the world .
we respect your country .
our countries must co - operate .
i am sure that clearly formulated positions on key issues will allow our countries to achieve mutual understanding and work together on solutions for various vital contemporary problems .
unless i m very much mistaken , the country has been suffering ever since they invented it !
two huge countries with relatively homogeneous populations , barely on the fringe of world politics .
look at the arab countries , or at belarus .
the european model of development , in which a handful of countries became industrialised and wealthy over the course of centuries through the exploitation of colonies and weaker neighbours , and now finance economically disadvantaged countries with the crumbs from their table this model is no longer sustainable .
the european model of development , in which a handful of countries became industrialised and wealthy over the course of centuries through the exploitation of colonies and weaker neighbours , and now finance economically disadvantaged countries with the crumbs from their table this model is no longer sustainable .
and they complain that the country is suffering from a crisis , and productivity is not growing !
there are only two kinds of business in the country : money pizding1 and money pizding assistance .
i remember that during the heat of the crisis , the very same bankers would say that there are only two banks in this country : the sperm bank and the blood bank .
and the drug war was not only lost by mexicans , but by most other countries .
it is far more important to create a viable and positive society in the country , because only this can change the state for the better .
my impression is that the maslow pyramid in our country is not a pyramid at all , but rather a stump with no top .
but i do nt think this will happen in the near future in our country .
does all of this apply only to our country , or are we going to create a universal party ?
spends his time between various countries .
so the president takes control of the country just so he can destroy it in a war ?
carl knew to most christians , or at least those educated in christian countries that comment was like a slap in the face .
they have , but the quran is not to be questioned , upon pain of death in many muslim countries , so nobody ever bothers .
the stability of peoples , countries , ideologies , and even markets depended on it .
it was already determined the secret services of seven european countries were within five hundred meters of their intended target .
that was why so many countries believed its protection was important .
when i was here last , in the early nineties , i was assisting the sunni in israel find a way into egypt , back when the tensions between the two countries were still at their peak .
at least , they re words that people associate with those countries then ming is china , kangaroo is australia , tulips from amsterdam ; holland .
they were getting close to developing the theory on the countries they d come up with , into a cohesive relationship with the clues .
kevin achieved the initial result , and was able to confirm that it had been relatively easy to find references associating these words with the countries they d identified .
ok , if were relating the words in the clues to these countries , and attempting to find the average of them at the speed of sound , then we ve already established that they must relate to numbers , or a numerical value .
the characters could even be all the symbols that indicate numbers in say , asian countries .
its basically the same culture as the military , but instead of defending a country or defeating a tyrant , your just trying to make money for the business , and perhaps a little for yourself along the way .
if everybody just looks the other way all the time the whole country will fall apart .
why did you attack our country ?
officially , no country in the world would dare to attack the mighty country of socialism !
officially , no country in the world would dare to attack the mighty country of socialism !
it stated that due to unstable political situation in the country and the presidents inability to deal with it , the power in the country was temporarily passed to the state committee , headed by gennady yanayev , the vice president of the ussr .
it stated that due to unstable political situation in the country and the presidents inability to deal with it , the power in the country was temporarily passed to the state committee , headed by gennady yanayev , the vice president of the ussr .
i do nt think you will find another button like that , not in this country .
gradually , enough people in high places were convinced of the need to rule the backward countries .
he answered with the good manners of his country .
* * * during world studies that day , master klodl spoke of famous wars atlan had fought in , and it disturbed ketzah that so - called civilized countries could nt get along .
the council of nations must work to convince all countries , including ours , to rise up above the animal nature of humans , and rid themselves of their armies .
how do we achieve absolute trust between countries , necessary for your plan ?
ketzah thought for a few seconds , then said , i think if most countries disband their armies , the others would feel comfortable about retiring their own and will follow .
you took medicationas happens with everyone in our country .
by a combined effort of atlan and other developed countries , misusing the laws of nature , a great upheaval resulted .
yet , would not the other countries so threatened by these creatures be equally as willing to help ?
but she remembered nowshe remembered how the young princess willed she would love no man again , but would live for the love and duty of her country .
the other countries are ignorant and weak under atlantean rule .
yahweh was a local egyptian god , a regional god within the great egyptian pantheon , like the patron saints and virgins in catholic countries .
you know , i ve been reading like crazy , about all kinds of stuff , but when you start reading about the bankers and the first world war , and the second , korea , vietnam and so on and so on you see its all about the bankers shenanigans to get entire countries paying them interest on money they created out of thin air , its all a scam .
that s anti - semitic , its not true , were just smart and work hard so nobody else in this country works hard or is smart ?
now , only if we had more politicians , republican and democrat , like her , maybe we could take this country back !
he nodded , and said , well , you re definitely looking great for a journalist being shuttled all across the country these days .
when did we become a country that crushes dissent with violent opposition , rather than the power of ideas ?
maybe , that s why vietnamese visitors to angkor have become the most populous grouping of any country .
no wonder they achieved so much after the destruction and mayhem of the 1941- 45 period and rebuilding their economy to that of the biggest trading country second only to the united states , achieving its position with meagre or zero natural resources , a country that rose to nearly conquer all of asia , and able to do so reliant on one commodity , the japanese people and their willingness to comply with the wishes and orders of those above , a reliance based upon the diligent , precise and mechanical , to accept and not challenge culture , and a culture designed to achieve great things , accepting and guided by those above , who hopefully were doing so for the right reasons .
no wonder they achieved so much after the destruction and mayhem of the 1941- 45 period and rebuilding their economy to that of the biggest trading country second only to the united states , achieving its position with meagre or zero natural resources , a country that rose to nearly conquer all of asia , and able to do so reliant on one commodity , the japanese people and their willingness to comply with the wishes and orders of those above , a reliance based upon the diligent , precise and mechanical , to accept and not challenge culture , and a culture designed to achieve great things , accepting and guided by those above , who hopefully were doing so for the right reasons .
but , the future of any country is unsure , and maybe burmas future will change for the betterment of its people .
meeting with them suggested they potentially become the true ambassadors of their countries .
but chinese presence may be unfolding in the wings of burma and maybe one day , a road and rail link from kuching in china will stretch through burma to a port on the bay of bengal or indian ocean , as a port for chinese goods , a road of connection between china and burma and splitting off thailand , singapore , malaysia and indonesia into a group of countries feeling the power of the chinese economy and its tentacles .
a war between nations where one nation that cares for its land and its people , and its prosperity and money in their bank , having to support countries , and people who for years and possibly centuries have exploited all their land has to offer and are now destitute , a broken and bankrupted economy ; governments weak and doing the bidding of minorities , and people living off others .
the people left with no option but to plunder or leave their country as refugees or invade their neighbours or just cry poor and with hand outstretched , relying on wealthy countries to keep them and possibly using terrorism and impoverishment as an excuse for their economies to be propped up .
the middle class within all countries of se asia are growing in numbers and ever so quickly .
backpackers have access to cheap air flights , plenty of accommodation options , local transport easily identified using the internet , and today googling aerials of places to access virtual street scenes and mappings , using the computer for links to travel advisories , travel forums , things to see , things not too , and currencies in countries like australia , strong enough to increase their affordability .
it 's a no hassle place visited by backpackers on their journeys , and visitors who have heard about it along with expats of other countries who live here and call it home .
one spring after hard times had hit the country , the government spent eight hundred billion dollars to preserve ponceys job , but the next year it did not , and he found himself no longer engaged to protect the legacy of the crockett name .
somethin wrong with what a country thinks it can take from a man , leave him less than a slaughtered animal .
do n't you want to serve your country ?
do it for country !
her husband had a very successful fruit export business in central america , thank you very much , and they were happy and wealthy until the ruling party of that country decided that the members of my grandfathers political party should not have a measurable pulse or blood pressure and my grandparents felt that maintaining their business was less important than maintaining their vital signs .
they definitely already have some students from nearby countries .
in some cases , she said , local law enforcement remained indifferent to these issues , although even apathy was a vast improvement over other countries where the police were known to frequently return girls to their pimps and brothels .
teddie , this research is being done in a country once known for knocking people out and removing one of their kidneys without their own permission .
soho collected data from around the country for analysis .
when the latest federal budget had to borrow half the amount to meet its obligations , the member states knew that their preparations for an emp would also come in handy if the country collapsed into monetary chaos first .
ill remind everyone that my state was at the forefront of the founding of this country and compromised much with northern interests to make a united country .
through the three months of the crisis overwhelming the country , the president had been suspiciously absent .
if we are to survive as a country , it will start right here , right now .
the joke in new zealand was the one ship navy would protect the country .
with the army reduced to a battalion of soldiers , the kiwis now sat wondering if their country would survive .
the president continued to blame his predecessor for the collapse of the country .
we should decide right now if this is going to be an american country or not .
paul was frustrated that with the existence of the country at stake , people were maneuvering for a bigger piece of the money pie .
our country is in danger of an invasion from the most populous nation on earth .
in the years leading up to the suns coronal mass ejection , washington , d.c . had taken the country over a financial cliff .
after the economic downturn of 2008 , the country had turned to new leadership in the 2008 presidential elections .
other states and countries do nt have the good fortune of having an insightful government , and they are suffering and dying .
we can move ahead now with making this country strong again , horst announced .
no , i think they ll be held in a military prison until such time as another country might be willing to take them .
there were no sympathetic countries nearby .
the new country needed a proper government to assume responsibility .
realizing that they were outsiders in this debate , they were determined to watch the proceedings and decide where the new country was headed .
everyone needs to understand what happened in our country over the last fifty years .
when we were on a system based on capital , it was the late 1800s and the united states was the fastest growing country on the planet .
and were a different country now than 100 years ago .
next paul raised the second issue ; the question of who was a citizen of the new country .
a country is defined by its borders , language and culture .
our common language and culture was vaporizing to the overall detriment of the entire country , paul said .
americans had been fighting over other peoples countries for decades .
his fear was that the governors would split the union apart and two separate countries would emerge .
foremost among them were the newly liberated countries in south america .
as simon bolivar threw out the spanish , each country adopted , almost word - for - word , our constitution as their own , paul said .
the issue of free trade was destroying the country before the pulse .
gentlemen , that s $ 737 billion dollars our former country was sending overseas yearly .
paul knew that any system devised would quickly devolve into deficit spending and the new country would be back where the old one had found itself .
originally , the old country had a gold standard and it took the federal government over 180 years to abrogate it .
since what we have worked out is almost a new document , we felt that we should emphasize that fact to the country .
vernon continued , i think we need to designate in the new constitution a new capital for the country .
the new country was going to be dominated by texas , paul thought .
paul would have to come up with a solution or , the country was at risk of division .
exactly , but because the more conservative states were prepared and the more liberal states were not , we have a paradigm shift in the political reality of the country , amanda said .
he was very explicit in his thanks for a mercy mission that obviously your country could not provide , lee answered .
after thanking noel for his service to the country he announced , the government of new zealand , in the long tradition of honoring our warriors , is proud to bestow on noel leffingwell the new zealand cross for bravery above and beyond the call of duty .
and for showing that age does not determine bravery , i bestow the silver star for bravery under fire that exceeds the high standard set by our mutual countries .
these doors all have a country listed on them .
well , they told me that each country had a separate holding vault in the main vault .
stealing the gold reserves of a country and turning it over to a belligerent country is the textbook definition of treason , lewis answered .
stealing the gold reserves of a country and turning it over to a belligerent country is the textbook definition of treason , lewis answered .
now sitting next to the tracks waiting for the armored train to arrive , ed knew what this would mean to the new country .
after the fraud that washington had perpetrated on the country had turned the american dollar into worthless junk , any replacement currency would only get legitimacy by being exchangeable in gold .
our country is tearing itself apart , and its primarily because we have no functioning government that allows for redress of important issues .
the new country may already be devolving into multiple entities .
a once - powerful unified country was at risk of being balkanized into a gaggle of squabbling small , weak countries .
a once - powerful unified country was at risk of being balkanized into a gaggle of squabbling small , weak countries .
but we need a national figure that represents the country .
the interior department would become a catch - all bureau for all things internal in the country ; national parks , national forests , wildlife refugees , and internal transportation would all fall under interior .
that s no way to run a country , rebecca said .
lars added , and our country had its greatest growth during the late 19th century because of the policy of low taxes .
we have a country to rebuild and were going to leave the money in the hands of our citizens to make their own decisions about how were going to do it , paul said .
by having you there without a similar ranked official from their country would be demeaning to our country .
by having you there without a similar ranked official from their country would be demeaning to our country .
they must have known we would fight for our country , amanda said .
they were willing to put their lives on the line for their country , but only if they suffered the same fate .
because the country needs us right now .
we are liberating the country and offering security .
i was just explaining to ms . richards here how important texas can be to the new country .
building consensus ; that s the name of the game in the new country , amanda lied again .
i believe the newspapers have been most critical of the presidents proposal to congress of establishing our country on a gold standard for our monetary policy , amanda said .
one side wanted to return the country to a monetary system based on the value of gold and silver .
we need to get the country back up off of its knees , rebecca said .
the country came out of that war with almost half the industrial capacity on earth .
she went on to explain that as the other countries rebuilt and became more competitive , the united states did nt adjust to the new situation .
america continued as if the other industrialized countries would always remain minor competitors .
the greatest generation stood by as the giant sucking sound , as ross perot had described it , drained the life - blood out of the country .
a strong vibrant country is sustained when everyone is doing well .
can i get the conversation back to whether texas is part of the new country or not ?
the president and his supporters were just as determined to see a new era of true capitalism bloom in the country .
rebecca had assumed a quasi - leadership role among the few remaining liberals in the country .
a tv tax had been common in the countries of the british commonwealth since tvs inception .
the country needs a stable economy now .
as you are aware , i m putting together the foundation for a sound money system for the country .
the past experience our country has endured certainly speaks of the bad side of phony money , mary said .
mr . president , my caucus has listed a number of items it would like to see established in the new country .
with the old country taking so many freedoms away and taxing people to death , sports was a way out .
the libertarian caucus was taken aback by the infringement the new blue laws placed on the new country .
the fwf , as it would be called , would be an association of western - style countries that could find common ground in which they could cooperate .
a sort - of a united nations for the non - despot countries , it would set standards that each member would have to meet to receive the mutual support of the entire group .
military defense and trade were the keys that would bring the countries together .
this would create trade between countries and individuals that was based on an asset that governments could nt manipulate to their advantage .
i know i can speak for my colleague from new zealand in expressing our profound gratitude for what your country has provided to our two countries .
i know i can speak for my colleague from new zealand in expressing our profound gratitude for what your country has provided to our two countries .
then he added , and congratulations on your country adopting a gold standard .
the meeting discussed future connections among the three countries as well as current concerns .
the reporters all yelled as the leader of the country was hustled out of the room .
this statue will stand as long as marines protect our country , he gently touched the plaque that laid at matthews feet .
the sunniest countries have the highest rape rates .
so i think democratic countries are not so much sunny .
fuck it , the country is full of traitors .
in our country , the religion mostly avoids women to commit suicide .
it is a known fact that women commit suicide just for show rather than die in the third world countries like turkey .
the youth have no idea and never understand it that : in this country a popular revolution has never happened and will never be happened .
listen to me young man , says nechayev , we came to a dead end as a country .
you will hide a very important thing for this country .
everyone tries to save this country on their own .
they set up plr work teams across the country and even in a few friendly countries like the uk , canada and australia .
even with the political problems in nepal , we have more control there than in these other countries .
your country is safe and ensures rights to personal property .
he tried valiantly to keep peace amongst the warring countries and was friends with many , who tried to do the same .
aysel ate the rest of her pastry as she moved us past the embassies for the different countries on the street we climbed .
did you know that most at the baseballs sold in this country are manufactured in haiti ?
all across the country , sport stars agents were checking the fine print on their clients endorsement contracts with equipment manufacturers .
there are more remote links between hickstead and the domain name , but he was in the right countries at the right time when the domain was established .
this country would be a laughing stock .
he scoured his memory banks for the country whose flag had a sky blue background and a bright yellow sun in the middle .
the assistant commissioner had explained that almost four hundred officers would be involved in the raids in four countries , and that they could nt take the chance of holloway or van aarts men reporting back to amsterdam that the police were onto them .
i still could nt believe that a country like ours would stoop to those depths to save face .
josh , it seems to me that you ve done your job for queen and country , and now is the time for some recreation .
millie smiled , i respond by saying we live in a free country and anybody can sue or threaten to sue anybody .
in addition to rescuing the country for the umpteenth time , mauer had made him president .
ethan canon had excellently served the country in the two highest cabinet posts and as white house chief of staff .
even if the south won independence , the north would still be a strong country .
all darnell knew for sure was that the country faced dismemberment because a disgraced president was reaching for redemptionand yes , for glory .
half of him took solace at her uncloaking , half of him grieved at the terrible letdown for the country .
mauer had to admit it , these men were probably the finest combat troops the country ever produced .
the mossad had around fifty permanent agents across western europe , and a native with total loyalty to the mother country was a prize of great value .
mac had an intense dislike of working with governments who had to use mercenaries to win or maintain control of their own countries , but as an assassin it was inevitable that he would eventually be hired by one .
add to that the generous aid provided by charities and we should be a country with a healthy and well - fed population , but we are not .
we keep our jobs by persuading the country that we are all safe as long as the security services are keeping the terrorists at bay .
they are a friendly country and he was nt someone we would like to see dead .
she is mocking us ; she knows very well that the one country in the civilised world that will not cooperate with us at all is cuba .
i hope that this final selfish action can , in some way protect the agency and the country from embarrassment .
who knows how many people she might have killed in the service of queen and country ?
clearly , neither country had yet been made aware of rob donkins disappearance .
seasoned professional killers from a half dozen countries , making thirty - five grand a month each to lay their lives on the line .
and so it was that a group of provincial , unsophisticated mexican farmers became the most powerful narcotics trafficking empires in the world , commanding the sorts of budgets that were the envy of many medium - sized countries .
it was concluded by the operatives that russians were cooperating with the chinese in designing the flying boat , for they knew that russia is the leading country in flying boat technology .
since pag - asa island is a sovereign territory of the philippines , the residents also voted on the last held presidential election complete with media coverage to show to the international communities that the citizens of the island were doing their sacred right as a citizens of a democratic country .
all the countries that use south china sea had been sufficiently notified and warned about the danger of mines on various strategic locations .
it has been there before any countries existed .
our government warns any foreign nation not to intervene in this regional dispute that has no bearing on their own national interest because the armed forces of the peoples republic of china will defend its sovereign territories against any illegitimate claimants as well as those countries which were promulgating false assertions .
in war this movements are critical to the defense of the country .
although , there was no solid assurance from the u.s . government to back - up the philippines in her defense of the kalayaan island group , the government of the republic of the philippines declared war against the most powerful country in the region .
chinese flotilla will enter the spratly as a single projection of force that no third world country can confront without being crushed .
the visiting forces agreement between the u.s . and the philippines enabled the host country to service the requirements of the u.s . forces , and refueling is one of them .
they were ready to die defending pag - asa island , defending the flag and the country .
that sort of headline is most unhelpful , and even damaging to us at the moment , given the state of the debate in this country about our future in the eu .
not that things ever were , really , but when none of the crisis around the world had a direct or major new impact on either country , then weekly was usually enough to keep the special relationship in the public consciousness .
certainly , he and minton had personally always got on well enough when they had met , special relationship between the two countries or not , and their friendship allowed a certain level of informality not normal between heads of state .
in all this , his first priority was one of benefit to his country .
many of his domestic initiatives still had to be brought to fruition , and for the country to change leadership now would be to lose these reforms when there was nothing worthwhile on offer to replace them .
sure , there were countries in the region that were prepared to pay lip - service to being convinced , but they largely sat on the fence when it came to actually giving any practical support .
we can redistribute some of it through the tax system , but too much social engineering could well kill off the wealth that keeps the country as a whole going .
we have proposals to put to you that have wide ranging ramifications for both our countries .
he forgets that the states is largely anti - castro , and that there s a trade embargo in force between the two countries .
huge new markets will open up for its member nations , especially the more recently joined and poorer member countries , said weaver .
since your country would effectively and publicly be taking the lead , should you agree , then i think it only right that you should provide the chairman .
but they will have a price - you and i both know that there s a pretty high degree of corruption at every level of society in the republic , although its not as obvious to outsiders as it is in many other countries .
furthermore , concluded minton , this country will gain enormously increased power and influence because of our diplomacy in proposing and concluding a resolution to such an age - old international problem .
and it could just work , to the advantage of both our countries .
you may like to consider things like dual nationality , and parliamentary representation in both countries for a period of time .
this has been a significant step forward in the action by this country and our allies in defeating the world - wide menace of terrorism , and helps to prove , i sincerely hope , that our actions are not simply directed towards islam .
both these moves have been invaluable in helping us to understand the proposal that he has outlined this afternoon , and which , as he said , will have far reaching consequences for this country and others if adopted .
members : here , here ] it is quite plain that there is an enormous amount of work to be done before the proposed transfer of sovereignty can be effected , and in the coming weeks and months it is evident that parliament and its various committees and institutions will be heavily involved in ensuring that the best interests of the people of this country are safeguarded .
finally , this country will save many millions of pounds of public expenditure every year , not just because many of the present costs will transfer to the united states , but because we shall no longer need , for example , to maintain an army there .
his majesty the king and seven other members of the royal family , as well as kings and queens from other countries around the world , would all be there .
the presidents of the european community member countries would be joining the presidents of other invited nations as guests of president bill minton and his co - hosts , the taoiseach michael oleary and the prime minister , tony weaver .
the flypasts , the arrival of the dignitaries , their drive up the long sweeping driveway to the elegant neo - classical mansion of stormont , the motorcade through the streets of belfast , lined by troops and police from all three countries , even the state banquet had been cooked , to be eaten by delighted civil servants chosen to act the part of great men and women .
if the correct authority to run our country is not present , our streets are not policed , and a new leader is not elected in a correct and democratic way , what else can you expect but protest in the form of anarchy and riots ?
mahmoud abbas cut in abruptly : the world bank exists to give development loans to ailing countries for redevelopment under strict conditions .
false reports of radiation contamination and explosions start spreading across the country .
iceland has become prosperous despite being one of the few countries who opted out of the motherland defence initiative heavily pushed by u.s . and its allies following the november 11 , 2011 attack .
gracy sees how icelands past experiences are making its citizens wary of getting on board with most of the developed countries .
now that more and more countries are adopting that law , the problem has just skyrocketed worldwide .
morris has personally looked after executions of diversion tricks at various south american countries recently .
they are marketing it as a fight to correct endemic problem of corruption in that country .
we can create conditions that would let other countries armies invade them for us .
offer countries a loan if they open their utilities to privatization .
the plan is to entice various countries to take up loans from the imf .
various european and asian countries have also bitten on the bait of our shadow company .
as the value of these investments fall , the losses from these countries banks will be substantial .
but the product has been approved by health canada and the fda , with countries around the world following suit .
but thankfully we were able to rouse religious division and introduced a country ruled by religious law .
its mandate includes prosecuting corrupt politicians and judges that can not be brought to justice in their own country due to control by their cronies .
various asian , middle eastern and european countries protests break out against politicians identified to have collaborated with george .
that was his job .. not to die for his country but to make the other bastard die for his .
that s the trouble with the systems in this country , said jennie , there s no central information data base .
any details from the police in these countries ?
ricky added , two thousand staff in twenty countries , plus contracted staff .
around two thousand staff , departments in twenty countries , bigger annual budget than mi6 and mi5 combined .
i understand that before 1874 no jews were allowed to enter the country .
it is part of switzerland , loyal to switzerland , and will always act in the best interests of this country .
well have first hand intel on a large chunk of their country ; financial transactions , movements on planes , hotels , you name it .
this aspect of his research was considered so important that very little of it was made public knowledge , even within the scientific communities of cooperating countries .
it soon became evident from the level of their interest that barclays work had put the uk well ahead of other countries in this most - promising aspect of the nuclear fusion race .
although such an outcome was in any event at least some ten or perhaps even twenty years away , there were a few countries around the world , including some of those involved in joint research projects , that still had almost unlimited resources of fossil fuels at their disposal , and who could see the value of their oil and gas reserves begin to decline .
on the other hand , there were countries that were similarly striving to make the breakthrough in nuclear fusion before any other nation , so as to command the commercial benefits to be had .
in spite of this huge and expensive international effort , many countries were also pursuing their own development work .
it soon became evident to the jic that some countries believed that the results of the uks research at culham were not being fully shared with them .
so other countries were added to the pot , to represent their national interests as a threat developed .
but they were all individuals who , because of their exceptional value to the country , were naturally also of interest to the countrys enemies .
that s what really started trouble in the country , and we saw the first signs of a possible coup or an uprising or some such event designed to get rid of the man , said the foreign office man .
not only is he being headhunted by two separate countries to work for them , but also his own research has unexpectedly hit the buffers , although probably only temporarily .
they would also suffer if barclay did neither of those things , but remained where he was and kept the uk ahead of other countries .
you have probably put this country at the very forefront of experimental and practical work in this field , and we must be sure we stay there .
you will know that i am no scientist , but i am told that what you have achieved is of the utmost significance and importance to the future development of sustainable nuclear fusion as an energy source , and is therefore of inestimable value to this country .
simply because they have huge stocks of oil and gas , which they are able to export to many countries around the world , explained sir robin .
i find it impossible to comprehend that i am the subject of attention by the highest levels of government in this country , by spies , and by foreign countries .
i find it impossible to comprehend that i am the subject of attention by the highest levels of government in this country , by spies , and by foreign countries .
you will recall that her majestys government only pulled back from expelling the man on the strength of your assurances that he would leave this country the day after our meeting .
i have , however , continued the ambassador , in the interests of furthering the good relations which currently exist between our two countries , issued instructions that makienko is to be contacted immediately and instructed to leave the country forthwith .
the macedonians would rightly want to know who and how it affected them and the embassy would have no reason to damage relations with the host country .
his or her actions are inherently illegal in the country where they are performed .
after that it disappeared and turned up in our country in the 1950s .
while progressive compared to virtually any other islamic country , morocco was still stifling to one such as salima .
she loved her country and believed that democratic liberalization was the only answer to its problems .
the king continued to steer the country in a decidedly pro - western direction even though general public opinion in the country and the arab world in general was anti - american , though not violently so .
the king continued to steer the country in a decidedly pro - western direction even though general public opinion in the country and the arab world in general was anti - american , though not violently so .
once word was spread of the king 's death , other cells around the country were set to carry out attacks against specific targets ; foreign cultural missions , television stations , cafe 's and hotels that attracted foreign visitors , cinemas , certain foreign embassies and business ventures owned by the makhzen .
in that labyrinth of streets and alleyways , which spread out below hid his minotaur , the secret terrorist cell that promised death to the monarch and mayhem to the country .
as in most countries of the world , the illiterate , rather than the educated formed the majority of those falling under the spell of extremist organizations .
quranic law , called sharia , varied from country to country .
quranic law , called sharia , varied from country to country .
it was saved by the movement of a young american boys cardboard flag , which had intervened with the poison dart , meant to bring death , chaos and revolution to the monarchy and the country .
though several loose ends bothered afellay , his superiors were content to wrap this all up neatly for king and country .
would that be enough to wipe clean the threat to the government and the country ?
during a press conference , he admitted that the number of troops in foreign countries overstretched the troops remaining on bases at home , but he was confident that no attack on the united states was imminent and that the pentagon would start bringing troops home by the middle of next year .
as great as any country is , however , price wins in the end .
they also showed a complete map of the electric grid of several countries in north america and europe , many gas lamps sold worldwide , what looked like several types of electrical back - up systems , and dozens of possible top secret information and designs ( civilian and military ) from different countries .
over 20 streets had a theme specific to other countries .
how was lees knowledge of other countries ?
china was trying to cash in on its loans to the united states , as were any countries with outstanding loans in other countriesespecially the united states .
the real question on everybodys lips was , why are so many american troops fighting wars in five foreign countries ?
mr . president , how many troops are left in the country ?
we have several friends around the country we can talk to and my friend got aerials placed on several cell phone towers across the united states , all powered by solar panels .
the next highest numbers are from third - world countries that are not a threat to our program ; they have 8.9 percent of these vehicles still operatingmostly in south america , asia , and africa .
we are lucky compared to the commercial side , in that the worlds major superpowers , including the old soviet union , are quick to either sell outdated equipment to countries with less power who are not a risk to our program , or destroy what remains .
china currently ranks second in power , but our limited ability to reach every corner of the globe with our forces and attack the other countries , reduces our rank to fourth .
for some reason , the collection of old equipment seems to be a hobby for individuals in these countries .
the 0.4 percent difference relates to known active military equipment , mostly ex - american , in third - world countries or russia , and our own weapons held by terrorists , or other forms of mercenary military establishments around the world .
if we take into account the 0.5 percent of equipment that is either in museums or still active in first - world countries , 20 percent of the threator 0.1 percent of the old military weaponsare atomic and either based in russia or america , and the other 0.4 percent have no blue - water usage and are useable only for defense .
we have tried to get our personnel into the old control centers , but they have been sealed and are on complete lock down in both countries .
we have received information on nearly all of these older installations over the years and i believe all of them have been decommissioned under the nuclear arms pacts between the two countries .
most of those older rockets were terminated in the most recent arms treaty between the two countries and there is even talk of more reductions this year and in 2011 .
attack is a difficult scenario , because if the country has fire power , we would end up being no stronger than the useless united nations , who can only talk and hand out sanctions .
the changes in the thinking of our leaders have changed our country from one that really wanted to be a military superpower to one whose economic strength is more important as a deterrent from attacks on our own soil .
two percent did not survive in the foreign country where they were assigned and died or became unstable mentally within the first year of transfer .
these operatives were in over 170 countries and no notice was taken of their natural or accidental deaths at all .
we have a very refined termination program that does not draw attention from any authorities in any country .
they are in six countries and there will be no problems making them and their families disappear .
of the best 170 operatives , 157 of them will be terminated closer to the last few months by the same squads in four countries , but mostly the united states and canada .
in 190 countries , this number is again divided .
as you all know , i have a total distaste for the united states of america and what it stands for , and we are attacking the united states first ; we will leave the other first - world countries to self - destruct over a longer period .
i think that if they get that far and realize that another country was behind the electrical attack , they will think that either the russian government or our own chinese government was behind the attack , not zedong electronics .
they lived in rural communities or poorer countries that did not have plane parts rain down on them from the air .
two hundred fifty million were already dead , disintegrated , or within seconds of death , in many countries around the world .
many millions in poorer countries , who did nt have much advanced civilization , continued their daily lives , oblivious to the reality that there was now no difference between them and the rich .
i believe he must be trapped in the white house if andrews is closed down , and i want to see who s running this country .
who is the president of this country ?
at least something works in this country .
if it was caused by another country , it should only take them a short time to get into range to attack us .
if it is the work of a country wanting to attack us , then i believe everything is kaput until and unless they want it turned on again .
maybe they can , maybe they ca nt , but if i were a foreign power and wanted to invade another country , i would want to track their armies , ships , and aircraft .
if a country is going to attack us china is going to attack us , replied carlos .
europe , australia , and every country in the world other than china , interrupted preston .
they are the only country that would be able to disarm every electronic device , or parts of every new device in the world , because they built them alleverything !
it could be their next step to attack any opposition before they take over the country .
the whole country felt it personally , interpreting this attack on american soil as a declaration of war .
few countries meet this target which is frequently infinitesimal compared with their military budgets .
it will cooperate with nationals in selected african countries to improve gdp and to facilitate self - determination for their people .
in my role for the un i ve been working with host countries to ensure the security of world conferences and forums and we ve been able to provide a safe environment , free from acts of terrorism and fanaticism .
he d attended three different meetings in three different countries and arrived back home exhausted .
the years of aid which we ve poured into their countries convinced them that we have the resources and willpower to effect significant change ; that were on their side and so they gave our candidates their votes .
i ve directed that those most opposed to us are to receive a higher dose i am sure when smaller countries understand that the remits only target the top four or five economies , they will see the value in casting their vote with us .
which countries have you selected for this honour ?
you ll set up the systems and processes by which aid monies are transferred from the central pool into each bank and you will be responsible for establishing sound banking systems in each country and for the appointment of suitably qualified and trustworthy nationals to oversee the distribution and investment of the levies .
ill leave that in your capable hands once the aid levies are deposited into the new banking systems your first responsibility will be to refinance and restructure all external debt so each country will have a clean slate and their new banks will hold the guarantees and securities .
chapter 75 a year later many countries took time to remember their dead and pania was part of a large contingent of new zealanders who attended the commemoration services in washington .
ensure environmental sustainability integrate the principles of sustainable development into country policies and programs and reverse the loss of environmental resources .
create a global partnership for development with targets for aid , trade and debt relief develop further an open , rule - based , predictable non discriminatory trading and financial system address the special needs both of the least developed countries and of landlocked and small island developing countries .
create a global partnership for development with targets for aid , trade and debt relief develop further an open , rule - based , predictable non discriminatory trading and financial system address the special needs both of the least developed countries and of landlocked and small island developing countries .
deal comprehensively with the debt problems of developing countries through national and international measures in order to make debt sustainable in cooperation with developing countries , develop and implement strategies for decent and productive work for youth in cooperation with pharmaceutical companies , provide access to affordable essential drugs in developing countries in cooperation with the private sector , make available the benefits of new technologies , especially information and communications .
deal comprehensively with the debt problems of developing countries through national and international measures in order to make debt sustainable in cooperation with developing countries , develop and implement strategies for decent and productive work for youth in cooperation with pharmaceutical companies , provide access to affordable essential drugs in developing countries in cooperation with the private sector , make available the benefits of new technologies , especially information and communications .
deal comprehensively with the debt problems of developing countries through national and international measures in order to make debt sustainable in cooperation with developing countries , develop and implement strategies for decent and productive work for youth in cooperation with pharmaceutical companies , provide access to affordable essential drugs in developing countries in cooperation with the private sector , make available the benefits of new technologies , especially information and communications .
poorest countries ( source cia - the world factbook ) richest countries wesleys draft forum presentation .
poorest countries ( source cia - the world factbook ) richest countries wesleys draft forum presentation .
the four countries we propose as compulsory donors of aid are purely indicative at this stage .
other rich countries not currently under consideration may be substituted .
we will encourage other first world countries to join the program on a voluntary basis .
the selected countries provide a combined total population of around 320 million .
the combined population of the fourteen poorest countries is around 290 million .
i propose to levy each of these countries $ 1,000 per head annually for four years and use this money to improve the status of the poorest .
all recipient countries are required to work towards the un development goals .
the money is to be divided amongst the poorest countries on the basis of $ 1,000 per head of population leaving a balance after expected costs of $ 20 - 25 million .
if they wish to take part in the program , countries will not be permitted to take on any further external debt .
the remaining $ 15 - 20 million will be dispensed to the 14 participating countries on application approval .
at the end of year 3 a full un review of each country will be undertaken in readiness for the next forum .
other wealthy countries will be encouraged to form a one - on - one relationship with a country struggling under significant poverty , or join forces with others to work bilaterally to alleviate poverty .
other wealthy countries will be encouraged to form a one - on - one relationship with a country struggling under significant poverty , or join forces with others to work bilaterally to alleviate poverty .
wesleys list of target countries ( excludes countries with a population under 1 mill ) wesleys proposed distribution for year 1 the road not taken by robert frost two roads diverged in a yellow wood , and sorry i could not travel both and be one traveller , long i stood and looked down one as far as i could to where it bent in the undergrowth ; then took the other , as just as fair , and having perhaps the better claim because it was grassy and wanted wear , though as for that the passing there had worn them really about the same , and both that morning equally lay in leaves no step had trodden black .
wesleys list of target countries ( excludes countries with a population under 1 mill ) wesleys proposed distribution for year 1 the road not taken by robert frost two roads diverged in a yellow wood , and sorry i could not travel both and be one traveller , long i stood and looked down one as far as i could to where it bent in the undergrowth ; then took the other , as just as fair , and having perhaps the better claim because it was grassy and wanted wear , though as for that the passing there had worn them really about the same , and both that morning equally lay in leaves no step had trodden black .
the power - hungry pastry chef , beloved by his country , running illegal scams of some kind behind his wall of scones and croissants , turned his back to me .
three weeks before the opening ceremony and you are panicking : the olympic torch has failed to ignite the country , and london 2012 is shaping up to be a mega - non - event .
that the future of our country will be tinted with gold , so long as we all believe that nothing can go wrong .
from there could be seen mexicali , mexico over the twelve foot fence that separated the two countries .
our ambassador has your stupid administration believing my country is the model for yours !
in our country we have the right to do whatever we want , but our politicians do not have the right to break the law and think they can get away with it .
that way they ll enter the country undetected .
or some other country will beat us , especially with all those immigrants they re letting in now .
that is not just my opinion , it is the opinion of one of the countries leading neurologists .
i must not fail but how can i succeed , when i face the might of an entire country ? ''
the nazis had convoys bearing gold , silver , art , statues , and other valuables , streaming out of invaded countries and ferreted into underground hiding places .
people and countries , desperate for a solution , are demanding sirenne 's immortality cure .
reaching london in 1886 , joseph failed in an attempted bid to take over thomas & co. in the countries capital .
ugh tourists from so - called developed countries had zero survival skills , nick thought , frustrated .
` ` mr sirenne , there are many organizations , many countries , interested in what the caves might be hiding .
remember , just about every country in the world has skeletons hidden away in the abbey 's closet .
we do not possess the immortality formula but we are convinced one exists , which is what most other countries are searching for .
you know how many countries would gladly begin a war if it was the prize .
thousands across the world , with members in each country . ''
our country vows it . ''
and i am not talking to your country , either .
i looked at them intently , making sure they understood i was extending my loyalty to them , not their country .
instead , i listened in while jules and katie talked about life , distance , countries .
elections were due to start in april , with opposition leaders already campaigning around the country for the right to take over the helm .
the people who ' ve held this office before me led this country through its darkest times , he said quietly .
and what do i tell the country ?
people in this country may have their differences , but the one thing we all hate is terrorism .
i know you have been into some countries that are hostile and in some hostile situations .
reyna had killed people in sixteen countries , stolen millions in money and jewelry , she was an expert in two types of martial arts by the time she was twenty - six .
because the brotherhood of unity wants more than judges , senators , and lawyers in their back pocket , they want an entire country .
silas gathered the originals of the information he had sent to the fbi and sent copies to the top newspapers all over the country .
once theneuhausfamily deposited money into the account , mark would transfer it , a little at a time , to various other accountssome in other states , some in other countries .
every time our lame - brained elected officials run the country into too much debt they declare a war .
say another country , russia for instance , launches several nuclear warheads on missiles towards the united states .
in case you do nt know , i m the number one sales associate in the country ; you ca nt just cut my hours .
i managed the athletic surplus for the past year and was consistently the number one seller in the country .
these people eventually go on to run our banks and rule our countries , but they re not necessarily the best people for the job .
the solution is to make sure every merchant in the country accepts unity cards .
if that s true , then other countries are likely to adopt the unit .
different jobs , homes , divorce , countries .
actually , none of the leading and less leading countries in the world would take a decision without checking with him or his team first .
we all remember the financial crisis of 2008 that kept lingering on and finally escalated into the bankruptcy of most of the european countries .
all logical consequences of fanatically moving production and even services to the low cost countries .
in the meantime the producing countries had to become their own consumer market which inevitably lead to higher wages so that cheap production was no longer possible and had to be sought elsewhere .
the new industrial countries would not give up their newly acquired wealth and power .
other countries could buy co2 certificates as a kind of modern indulgences .
he had seen the detailed plans for indian attacks on neighbouring countries .
he is finally determined to unite the countries and act as one in this conflict .
since long the colonial playing field of the european countries .
attached you will find a number of secret documents that elaborate on planned attacks from india and china on their neighbouring countries .
more or less , because even today nobody knows where those countries really meet .
certainly if they were a part of the country 's critical infrastructure .
history shows that it never did anyone any good to smuggle military secrets out of a country .
the location is at the point where the three countries meet .
in most countries the ambassadors of india and china have been summoned for explanations .
because of the far reaching desertification of the continent there is little interest from the other countries .
no pieter , i am just returning from somalia where i am working with the new government on the rebuilding of the country .
with some small advantages for the current leaders of those countries to ensure their corporation .
countries were calling back their diplomats and diplomats were asked to leave countries .
countries were calling back their diplomats and diplomats were asked to leave countries .
the language between those two countries is muscled , to put it mildly .
and other surrounding countries are being dragged into the conflict .
we had to profit from the situation now it lasted and countries would pay big money for some of the developments from abacus that later maybe nobody would want .
and what country can preserve its liberties , if its rulers are not warned from time to time , that this people preserve the spirit of resistance ?
the last couple of elections have been down to the razorand despite the fact the country is more divided than ever between left and right , its still going right down the drain .
they will impose martial law on the country .
now , ill understand if you ladies want to sit on the sidelines and watch your country slide into moral , economic and political ruin , but i feel like standing up and doing something about it .
i will send you straight and true to the heart of the matter , and you will be my weapons to turn this country back from tyranny .
look , you want to learn logistics , you could always sign up and take your turn defending our country .
the arguments against marxism were solid enough , and anyone who wanted to transform the american system into a communist utopia was , at the least , not acting in the best interests of the country , and at the most , an enemy of the state .
i only regret that i have but one life to give for my country , i quoted .
if the marxists are willing to kill to destroy this country , i guess i m willing to die to protect it .
i only regret i have but one life to give for my country .
might as well just stick a fork in this country , cause its done , otherwise .
i swore an oath to protect my country , and i m gon na do my damndest to keep that oath .
i owe my country my life .
my job is to show you the way , and clear the decks so you can fulfill your destiny , and save this country .
and so will the rest of the country when he squeezes that trigger in about twenty minutes .
point is , unless we stop them now , there wo nt be a country left to save .
jeffersons road continues with : mile 2 : patriots and tyrants due in april , 2011 mile 3 : the tree of liberty coming soon mile 4 : god and country coming soon mile 5 : a more perfect union coming soon mile 6 : we the people coming soon connect with michael j. scott online at : facebook michael 's blog soul meaning by a.d . starrling website : www.adstarrling.com email : ads @ adstarrling.com copyright 2012 by a.d . starrling .
immortals had a heavy hand in moulding the future of the country , as they did in so many others throughout the history of mankind .
in some countries , he said , as he aimed the car at a gap between two trees , this means were married .
then after the bloody military coup took over the country , the purging began .
many of the feeds from security cameras around the country were on loop programs that erased and recorded over the video after a set , relatively short period of time .
as other countries modernize , their demand grows geometrically .
this is just their latest scheme to weaken the country .
service to ones country required sacrifices , and this was hers .
the order plays an important role in keeping the peace within your country , deputy .
my firm has more classified contracts with this country 's government than any other single corporation , veronique said , taking a sip of cognac .
the order 's allegiances are to this country , and any suspicions to the contrary are the result of german lies designed to interfere with the governing of our nation .
how much time must pass before you recognize that the stability of this country depends upon neutralizing threats before they develop into full - scale conflicts ?
i do n't know the precise moment when it began to morph into a club for men to pool their influence to shape the country to suit their own interests , but i will never forget the night i realized the transformation was complete .
she controls the largest arms manufacturing concern in the country .
do you want to stop the order from ruining this country , or do you want blood for what 's been done to you ?
i understand your difficulty in accepting that explanation , but you know as well as i do that neither of our countries wish to engage in another war .
all i can tell you is that germany is n't planning to bomb your country , professor , she said , the playful tone gone from her use of the title she knew to be nothing more than a component of his cover identity .
most civilized countries speak english .
you 're wanted under your real name in several countries for espionage and conspiracy , so you just stick with the alias nowadays .
many countries introduced legislative demands on the internet which mirrored those for books .
his leadership of men was renowned and i followed him into the service of my country .
this is bad enough , but when we also reward illegal immigrants from the countries we are in conflict with , the fabric of tolerance begins to tear .
however this seems to break down when we come to compensating someone who has given their limbs in service of the governments ill - thought out meddling , in countries where there is something other than morality at stake , such as oil .
michael felt a patriotic duty to serve his country once he witnessed the devastation of the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on the world trade center ( twin towers ) and the pentagon in washington dc .
he knew he could nt do anything about them in their own countries but he could do something about them in america .
they are a dormant , on standby , group of individuals that were smuggled in , arrived legally , or possibly born in the country and they are just waiting for the orders to attack .
as for the home grown muslim terrorist that are american citizens , doug believed that if we know an american citizen is a member of one of the terrorist groups or organizations then we should expel him or her to that country where they have the close ties and are representing .
maybe we can concentrate more on our own homeland security and not the foreign countries .
he also wondered what the memorial would look like someday to honor american soldiers that have died in those two countries .
he wandered why the united states was nt drilling our own oil instead of being so dependent on the foreign countries .
he hoped america would see the ongoing threat at home regarding the terrorist organizations and put pressure on the president , congress , and the rest of the government to stop the killing and maiming of our young men in those countries .
they have never lived under the rule of another foreign country and yet they are supporting that country and its radical cause .
they have never lived under the rule of another foreign country and yet they are supporting that country and its radical cause .
the people of america were nt going to just sit back and let a foreign country or organization dictate policy or take over america without a fight .
what had happened to my country that could make it so vulnerable to the financial shenanigans of a single white - haired foreign banker ?
somebody needed to stand guard over this country , and if not me , who ?
her major occupation in recent years , as anybody who reads the op - ed pages around the country knows , was to shame american executives into getting off their duffs , to make them start diverting some of their executive perks into the serious problem of getting this country competitive again .
her major occupation in recent years , as anybody who reads the op - ed pages around the country knows , was to shame american executives into getting off their duffs , to make them start diverting some of their executive perks into the serious problem of getting this country competitive again .
todai 's alumni represent a network , a batsu , of the country 's ruling elite , who compete with each other for the choicest , most prestigious government ministries .
that 's a beautiful way to knock out a country 's high - tech research capability .
our country has a monarchy older than rome , a heritage of literature , art , aesthetics , equal to anything in the west .
in less than half a century we ' ve risen from the most total devastation any country has ever experienced and achieved technological parity with both the u.s . and the soviets .
but still a lot of foreigners claim all this country can do is copy from the west , steal and commercialize other nations ' inventions .
he 's just become one of the most influential people in the country , not that he was n't already .
` ` you know , dr . richardson , there are those in your country who are now saying your trade problems are caused by japan .
it was almost as though this country had been in training for centuries , toughening itself through self - denial and work - as - duty to be ready for an all - out economic blitz .
the man is pure genius , probably the most visionary , powerful mind in the history of this country .
the fed was out there buying dollars and dumping marks and yen and pounds in the billions to try and keep the dollar afloat , but nobody else in the group of fivethose countries supposed to step in and buy each other 's faltering currencies to prop them upwas lifting a finger .
yours truly did a lot of thinking as the week wore on , while the country appeared to wobble on the brink of unprecedented disaster .
` ` well , after japan takes over half the companies in this country and starts running them right , then what ? ''
then we 'll see what the country wants to do about it . ''
the problem , obviously , was what could the country do about it .
he 's already cost this country tens of thousands of jobs and literally billions of dollars . ''
probably nothing short of congress 's cracking down could keep noda 's money out of the country , and who 's going to support that kind of legislation ?
` ` adults do n't have to know the capitals of third world countries .
` ` afterward the political processes of both countries would naturally have no choice but to follow our lead , ratifyingas they always doconditions that have already become a fait accompli . ''
` ` it 's more important to have a real copy of the data stashed somewhere than it is for us to blow the country in the next two hours .
you know , this country could lead the world someday , maybe even now , if it wanted .
we 're saving this country 's ass .
everybody else here 's hocking this country 's assets to japan and gettin ' rich doing it .
since there are laws about smuggling firearms in and out of countries , and we damned well were going to take along the uzi , it seems only right to give him a pseudonym .
it was a perfect replica , one - hundredth the actual size , of the spaceplane that would revolutionize the future , the symbol that would soon signify his country 's transcendence in the high - tech age to come .
they realized full well that the real battleground of the next century would be an economic struggle , with the ultimate aim of every country being to surpass the united states .
he 'd been the ussr 's great space pioneer , a hero who 'd gone virtually unrecognized by his own country .
we both have worked at high levels in the security apparatus of our respective countries .
both east and west went out of their way to support and stabilize third world countries in order to keep them out of each other 's camp .
he had made cash arrangements with enough officials in both countries to ensure that no questions would be asked .
in his heart he was still a radical , dedicated to forcing greece out of nato and ending the u.s . military domination of his country .
they were men without a country , guns for hire who already had lost everything .
but then a woman had even been elected president of a major muslim country .
between 1977 and 1980 , using dummy corporations and transshipments through third countries , the government smuggled from west germany an entire plant for converting uranium powder into uranium hexafluoride , a compound easily gasified and then enriched .
they 're probably planning to shake down a country somewhere .
` ` so we 're about to find out if this country has any counterterrorist assault capability . ''
no country in europe , the president knew , had ever given permission for american commando bases on their territory .
they 'd claim that our presence in a country makes it a military target .
he would not need to betray his country , merely lend his skills to help teach the americans a lesson .
ambassador , you will not be surprised to learn that this country is well aware of the gross violations of the nuclear nonproliferation treaty that have taken place since pakistan refused to sign in 1968 .
` ` mr . president , i ' m not authorized to discuss the strategic security arrangements of my country , as i am sure you can appreciate . ''
` ` i can think of several countries who 're going to be fighting over the chance to put you away .
` ` i have n't heard yet , but at least we can take pride in the fact that this country 's antiterrorist capabilities got a full - dress rehearsal .
5 hasta siempre it was the cocktail hour and the bar was a zoo , packed with people of many countries , all of them trying to sharpie their assorted names and banalities onto the densely scribbled walls .
alas , sid sighed , our respective countries have no formal relations at present , so i am afraid the pleasantries stop here .
elites from less developed countries .
i , james said virtuously , am not wanted for murder and espionage in 188 countries .
i liked to wander from one website to another , discover singers and actors , new faces , cities , countries and borders , geographies and oddities .
reports said that he was in his mid - thirties , an executive type specialising in the financing of major capital projects in derelict countries like england , a man who might know my father .
at times this little country has punched well above its weight , especially during the period of its great seafaring expeditions to the americas some three hundred years ago , but in recent years this same complex mix of racial and religious diversity has lead to fractures in the body politic of the country .
after a few moments i plunged on with my nave questioning and asked them about the militias , about why the country had , on and off , suffered civil war for thirty years or more .
new countries .
we have a place to live , we have full time jobs we hate that s all anyone is striving for anymore in this country , and we have it .
all the spies hiding in other countries had nt reported on any new breakthroughs in the development of metals .
it was then his dad knew it could nt have been made by another country .
there were secretly spying on us , just like how we spy on other countries to find their weaknesses .
that s why his dad looked him in the eye one day and told him to serve his country and stop the aliens before they attack .
a place with no countries , were we did not have to go to war .
there would be a question as to what country would have the right to attempt communication .
would it be a global event or would one country try to communicate on its own ?
sam added imagine if the country the ufo was flying over wanted to shoot it down , would other countries have a say ?
sam added imagine if the country the ufo was flying over wanted to shoot it down , would other countries have a say ?
if all witnesses were from the same country or age , skeptics would just write it off .
how to work together with a common goal , instead of multiple political parties all pulling a country in different directions .
she does not deserve fear any more than the millions of babies who have perished under the blades of abortionists right here in america since our country said it was lawful to kill those tiny children while in their mothers wombs hamilton continued in his prayer , then launched into a sermon that stretched out for the next 40 minutes .
this is what happens to pirates and traitors of our country .
unavoidable human suffering in the building of a country ; sacrificeboth just and unjustin the construct of a nation .
in order to avoid rins suspicion , i came up with a system that works similarly to some countries day - based driving restriction : whenever the occasion came , the colorful guitarist would follow the plan we agreed on and depending on the previous experiences use a new alibi ( such as having to study ) or just tag along and help akane .
the edge the cave called to me , asking my intentions , wanting more from me , then i could ever give , i was on the brink , in my head i knew it was wrong , that this was something , i should never be a part of , how had i gotten here , this cave scared with evil , i was on the edge , the edge of insanity , the edge of sanity , i was on the fence , and nearly tipping over , in case you re lost i 'll explain , the cave i speak of , is oh so very special , it has characteristics , that set it apart , at least that 's the rumor , they say that this cave , can let you see your future , as far as you wanted to go , so i wanted to give it a try , i went to the cave one afternoon , and from the outside , it looked so normal , like any other in our woods , but inside i was greeted by a monster , that monster was my future , it was telling me stories , that i could n't dream of wanting to see , worlds collapsing , i wanted nothing more than to fix it , so i rewound , and watched from the beginning , i began to see how the world , that was so very horrible in my future , began to take shape , i was in the cave , for at least 3 hours a day , it was almost like watching a movie , projected onto the wall , telling me what was coming , i could tell it where to go , and where to stop , and i watched , and wrote it all down , as things got out of a control , it started just a short decade from now , as the world was in chaos , people died and countries collapsed , slowly the visions , showed me a united government , then further down it got worse , the world was at war , with things from outside , these aliens were aiming , to take over the world , fast forward again another 15 years , and it 's all over , the aliens had won and we as a people , were no more , i wrote feverishly , i was n't sure what the notes would mean , or if they would even matter , but i felt like i had to do something , so i wrote for hours , days and weeks even , come to think of it , i do n't think anyone even noticed i was gone , but still i wrote , and wrote some more , finally it seemed as if it were all over , i stumbled out of the cave , i was scrawny like i have n't eaten in months , but i felt fine , something told me , that my mind had taken over , i stumbled home , and got some food , in my head , the visions that were sure to haunt me , played over like a broken record , it was another week before i saw anyone else , i did n't explain to them what i saw , because i knew they 'd think i was crazy , instead i kept it to myself , but that would come back to bite me , four days after leaving the cave , the voices in my head started talking , they would talk about war , about happiness and about love , most of all they would talk about the future , those voices never had names , they still do n't have names as i stand here today , but they would talk , oh how they loved to talk , and one day their talking made me realize , the answers were in front of me , the cave was more than a video , it was a chance to right the wrongs , and stop the problems from starting , so i ventured back into the cave , i was n't sure what i was looking for , did n't even know if it was real , but in my mind i believed that it was there , so i searched around , and finally i found the door , it seemed far too easy , the door led up a rocky stairway , from there i was n't sure where it went , but something told me that it had to lead to wherever , i wanted to go , so i walked and at the top , i got my answer , the doorway split in two , going one direction for the past , one for the future , i let my gut and my mind take over , i was n't sure what i was looking for , and i would n't know it when i found it , but i was hoping my gut would , and that it would relay the message , it all worked to perfection , me trusting my gut for once , i stopped at the moment it felt right , and on a whim turned left , there i was on flat ground , i looked in the distance and there was a city , i did n't know the name but i had recognized it , in here lived a man , that could be the key , to setting it all straight , i went in search , and soon enough i found him , letting my brain do the thinking , he was sitting peacefully in the shade , his name ralph james , we exchanged words , and i gave him notes , he took my word though , i 'd think it was due to his nature , of believing in the strange , i told him my story , and told him what he needed to do , i told him to trust me , and when the time came , he would be ready , after the meeting , i walked back to the beam , that seemed so strong and on its own , i walked through it and felt it bend around me , as i began the walk back , i trusted my body and mind , to let me stop again , and again , they did n't steer me wrong , as i came to a stop right next to the place i left , i walked back down the stone stairway , as i kept glancing back at the beam , my brain and heart wanted to be done , my gut though told another story , this was one i did n't agree with , i walked into the cave , and the videos projected on the wall , showed the future i had come to fear , had indeed been erased , i had managed to stop the end of mankind , i felt relieved , and restored , and i decided that it was time i went home , i left the cave without so much as a glance back , thinking that it was over , a week went by and the voices , did n't talk to me , did n't even make a sound , i thought that i had set it all right , until one night alone , first one , then two , then four , the voices came flooding in , they were telling me to go back , that my work was n't done , that there was more that was needed from me , i fought and resisted , and argued and pleaded , i was n't sure what else i could do , the voices told me to go to the cave , and i 'd get the answers i was after , i still fought , but it was a battle i would n't win , not that time , perhaps never , i went back , the entire place seemed the same , but in my head i was being told to sit down , that the show was about to begin , i sat and stared at the new video on the wall , it was then i knew what they wanted me to do , this video showed a world , that was in chaos , but something was different , and i could n't put my finger on it , then it hit me like a ton of bricks , the creatures moving , in the background , were unlike anything i had seen before , the stood upright , with real feet but paws for hands , those paws had thumbs , it was how they were carrying the weapons , these were n't aliens this time , but something far worse , it was all capped off by their head , their head was dog like , eyes and a tongue , they spoke in a language , that i could n't understand , but i knew the message was n't good , i could n't figure out what the cave had wanted , i could only assume that they wanted me , to change this future , it was then i realized , things would never change , i could go back a hundred , perhaps a thousand times , and continue to change the world , in the end , we 'd still end up the exact same , we 'd end up dreading the future , wishing we had the past , and begging to hold onto the present , it would always remain the same , so i left , i left it all behind , and thought that it would all go away , it would all be behind me , it was something that sounded simple , in my head , as it turns out , i was so wrong , a week after leaving , the voices began again , this time violent , they kept tempting me , begging me to go , begging me to be a part , begging me to fix it , but i refused , as it got worse , the voices began to yelling , telling me that i had no soul , that i had nothing left , and that i was worth nothing , the voices in my head , bullied me , pushed me , and screamed at me , it told me the end was near , i did n't believe it , i myself thought i was crazy , it was something that was hard to admit , but even harder to ignore , for they kept trying to get me to believe , that i was something special , that i was important , and i fought , and fought and then fought some more , finally it got too much , everything inside of me , begged to be let go , so i found myself , on the edge of the building , and ready to jump , the air was cold against my face , it swirled by and for once i felt free , as the voices stopped , faster and faster i fell , then pavement , but now that begs the question , where did all this come from , and to be honest , i ' m not sure what happened , but it happened before i hit , the next thing i knew , i was somewhere in a field , the sun was bright on my face , so bright in fact , it hurt , i got up and i looked around , the field was magnificent , i could n't believe what i was seeing , i stood up and breathed , the fresh air drove me crazy , it was like being in a new world , then a voice spoke up again , in my head , they told me i was a long way from home , and that i was now a part of their world , i blinked and it was gone , from there visions flooded my head , some good , others not so much , they showed me things , like the cave had done , only this time , it was far different , the visions , told a story unlike anything i 'd seen , they only took 30 seconds a piece it seemed , the stories showed pictures of death , despair and anger , people who killed , and destroyed the world , they knew , then finally it went black , and the visions stopped , it was like i was asleep , and now all of these thoughts , i ' ve recapping it all , i 'd like to think that i ' m dead , i 'd like to think it 's over , i 'd like to think that i ' m waiting , for the end , but that all seems like wishful thinking , april 's poem a day challenge april 1 , 2012 the fool is welcomed to follow , the path that has been laid , but the twist and turns along the way , will do nothing but confuse him , as he looks for the rainbow , that seems to have eluded him for years , where he finds himself next , is a question that , only he can answer .
it was the statement issued by the researcher , the cure had been found , cancer eradicated , forever , testing was still months away , yet the promise was there , the smile crossed his face , finally people could live in peace , months passed , and the test were carried on , first in rats , then in people , results were more than promising , people showed that it could be done , and the cure was working , the doctors involved , found themselves on the end of a very nice ovation , as the world had found its savior , from a killer , that had claimed so many , years passed , and soon the virus that cured cancer , became a vaccine , everyone was injected with it at birth , and within 3 decades the disease seemed , to be completely gone , the years ticked , and the first generation , of birth vaccines , found themselves getting older , and older , and soon , the first one falls , and finds themselves , at the hospital , the doctors are stunned , when they discover , that our fallen , is overcome with some kind of new , disease , unlike anything they had ever seen , it spread quickly , within 3 days of monitoring , he was dead , doctors were dumbfounded , then almost like a switch , more , within the first week 2,000 were confirmed dead , within a month 15,000 the first year saw 75,000 people die , doctors , the one 's lucky enough to not be dead , were still trying to study it , only to discover that they are fighting a war against themselves , a decade has passed , since the outbreak , and the death toll has surpassed 100 million , over a third of the population , brought to its knees , by their own miscalculations , the remaining , have fallen into a state of unrest , a state of unease , the government , gone , the streets , falling into civil war , the country sees itself , on the brink of extinction , another 2 decades fly by , or for others , it slowly crawls , as the agony tears them apart from the inside , they lose their wits , their brains , their faces , it all seems to melt away , by the end , another 1 and a half - million , dead , thousands left in the streets , and decaying , the entire country in chaos , other countries , did n't even care enough to , attempt to take over , what was left , was under a half million people , who were destined to be dead , 2 years later , the population ticked down , to 150,000 and the last 10 doctors , had finally learned , what was taking out people , a thousand at a time , the cure to cancer , from nearly 50 years ago , was the cause , they worked fast , and fought , and only hours after the build was finished , the last doctor laid on his death bed , his last statement , save the rest of us .
now i 'll let the cart take you out , but as you go out , i want you to see one last part of me , the part that corroborates with my mind , my heart , and in case you ask , it 's this way , because i ' m broken , beaten and scared , it 's not something i ' m proud of , but it 's something i live with , i thank you to everyone whose still on board , and has lived through this past decade of demons , and ill promise you , there 's more to come , and now for the last part of my tour , i hope you have your flashlight ... bye bye now ... learning curve i slid the second story window open , and walked out onto the roof , the tin creaked under my feet , my jeans gently blowing in the cool wind , i feel the air touch the skin on my chest , i walk toward the edge , and sat down , i stared into sky , at the stars , i lay there , for hours , thinking over everything that had happened in the last month , i pulled a cigarette from my pocket , and lit it up , i felt the air pull into my lungs , a forbidden taste , only used in times of deep thought , and that 's what this was , it seemed like the entire game had changed , with two simple things , a touch , and a tug , and suddenly everything was open , i took another drag , and the images file back into my head , of you leaving , of you waving , and in my head , i knew that soon enough , i 'd be digging into your head , earlier tonight , that 's exactly what i did , but the place i purged into , is n't one i go to often , and never wan na go again , i let the blood out of my veins , and began asking questions about your past , hoping for your honesty , but at the same time , hoping that i would n't learn anything , i saw the look on your face , as the questions grew tougher , and i knew , as things went on , i did n't want the answers , i was seeking , but before i finally told you good night , i saw the look on your face , one that told me everything i 'd learned tonight , were things that you did n't want to tell me , so i kissed you goodnight , and now i ' m here , on my roof , running details over in my head , in the morning , i feel that a phone calls needs to be placed , and maybe i 'll tell you goodbye , and i ' m not what you wanted , what you needed , what you expected , in the morning , i will tell you goodbye , for one final time , the doubt laid to rest , as the puff of the cancer stick , disappears into the air , as i step back through the window , letting the doubt and feelings , lay on the tin roof , behind me bombshell the concrete playground was deserted and the shot in his stomach left him hurting , he knew what must be done , coming this far left a hole , that made him feel so old , would the coming pain linger , like a high note from a singer , where had his life gone , unsure of where to go next , he had the gun in his hand as he looked up at the duplex , did they care where he 'd been , he thought not , it was then he forgot , that he was alone , and screamed into the darkness , he knew what he had done , the man did n't ask for it , had n't been the target , it was all a set - up , left to make him wish , that the ditch , was the place that he called home , he had n't signed up for this , but in the end , was n't this his wish , to end the suffering of a country , but not with a shot , the events played , like a bad home movie on a cheap screen * * * * * * * * he was in the crowd , his ear bud popped , that was his sign , that the coast was clear and it was time , he focused , took a deep breath and walked forward , for years he wondered what this meeting would be like , ever since he was that little tike , when he 'd been forgotten , and left alone by the father who never wanted him , he walked on through the crowd , scanning for problems , finding only people with faces , that screamed with joy , was n't that this man 's real gift , to make people feel good , what about your son daddy , what about the boy from the hood , the one you left behind , to chase a dream , he walked faster , not wanting to cause a scene , and before he knew it he was face to face , with his father , that left him behind all those years ago , he reached up , put one in either guard , then one in the man in the middle , such shitty security detail , for a such a powerful man , he took off running , through the downed crowd , stepping over people and taking care , he took off running , that 's when he felt the pain , the bullet pierced his stomach and he almost went down , but he was determined , to not let himself fall , he got out of the park by the skin of his teeth , that 's where he laid low , they hunted and hunted , and found nothing but empty ground , they had n't given up , hell no , who would give up the hunt , for the man who had just killed the president , or dictator , guess it depended on how you looked at it , they had expanded the search , began looking at hospitals , he was sure of that , being in the barracks for the years he had , taught him how they would look , as soon as the coast was clear he set off for the boss woman 's house , when he arrived they patched him up , and when he came to it was dark out , he looked around and she was sitting , in the corner of the room looking over him adoringly , hello sweetheart , he waited before talking , raising himself up on one elbow , hello mom .
it may have missed your attention , but half the fucking country is dead !
klim cans , many of which contained coins from various countries travelled through , jingled as they were emptied out in search of a killers memorabilia .
there are very few countries that do not prohibit this type of manipulation .
he learned that cain was mounting a coordinated assault today , staged from nine hidden compounds across the country .
within a day , cain would control the country and begin remaking it to mirror his own maniacal ideals .
ill give you a few countries with which you can do as you please .
a popular saying among people interested in international affairs is , every country has an army , the pakistani army has a country .
they have already started negotiations with iran , saudi arab and some african countries to route their shipments , oil and gas through this port .
but i do n't think any one of the two will be foolish enough to destabilise the country , it being in tatters as it already is .
hu ignored the jab and continued in the same voice , well , beg 's action were not really unexpected after what happened to naqvis and the unfortunate blasts and riots in your country today .
even if americans disable all the nukes and missiles that your country already has , you still have something to scare your enemies .
ministry thinks that we need all the coverage we can get and what better way to get some journos to see what we army guys daily go through protecting country 's borders ?
in spite of the mess their own country was in , they were sparing no effort to push in as many terrorists as possible across the border .
right after the news of this attack started to spread , there were reports of gun fights among pakistani soldiers in various cantonments all over the country .
but taking such provocations lying down is highly unsuitable for a country aspiring to be in unsc .
in a press conference , senior leaders strongly condemned general beg 's actions and vowed to launch country wide protests against any move to undermine civilian rule .
lines outside airports and embassies of western countries like canada , us are much longer and crowded than usual as more and more people are looking for a visa and the way out of this mess .
they also appealed to concerned countries to help pakistan in its hour of need .
our country needs the assistance of every single citizen in these troubled times .
our country is at war right now .
as you all know , our country has been attacked by nuclear weapons .
already weak civilian infrastructure of the country collapsed and riots and mass flights from populated centers started happening .
governments in numerous countries had been forced to shut down trading in stock markets after stock worth hundreds of billions had evaporated in a matter of hours .
you do realise the enormous cost that our countries will have to pay if the current situation deteriorates in to a full scale war .
dm replied , mr . lin , do n't you think that a sneak unprovoked nuclear attack on my country that killed 50,000 people in a matter of minutes is a grave enough provocation ?
human population is sparse and most of the islands have little significance except as means of asserting the maritime boundaries of respective countries .
in most of the cases , chinese military personnel just sneaked in to the inhabited islands and raised the red flag daring any of other countries to take it down .
although other countries did n't like it a bit , they could do nothing except seething in impotent rage .
something diplomatic or even military by any of these countries was definitely on .
not many countries had such kind of resources and skill at their disposal .
reactions from other countries have been mixed .
very few countries can pull it off there .
your country has already suffered one nuclear attack .
chinese president 's voice assumed a conciliatory tone , ` ` i completely understand what your country is going through , but you must understand that the attack was a conspiracy between pakistanis and a few chinese rogue elements .
of course along with this economic activity had arisen concern about the oil agreements that had been made with foreign companies and the fact that the signed contracts were not eventually going to benefit the country .
mensah , did you know china has quietly invested 38.8 billion us dollars in overseas oil fields , in countries such as argentina , sudan , nigeria and iraq ?
there were fourteen nations , most of them in the middle east but it now includes two african countries angola and nigeria .
did you know that in the past year , there ve been more trade missions to china than to any other country in the western hemisphere combined ?
arresting you at the airport was the only way to protect you since the ghana government was about to enact some drastic measures to keep the country from spiraling into civil war .
it seemed they were holding a moment of silence for all poor countries that suddenly found themselves cursed with the find of oil .
you want land that has enough oil in the ground to fuel the country for a year .
positron -- we call it posi -- is an aerospace firm that specializes in the high tech shit that 's ruining your part of the country .
the whole star wars program is only a dream , but like all massive boondoggles for the good of the country , a lot of people will get very rich and i intend to be one of them .
i believe it is a huge and bustling city with people from many countries living there .
lyon is royalist at heart , but there are many of us who are worried that if the king continues to ignore the needs of his country , the undercurrent of discontent could swell into a raging river of revolution .
it is a country in turmoil .
i d heard the laws in your country were pretty strict , but i did nt know they could do that .
in upholding that vow , we must put our loyalty to country above all else .
the new people in charge did nt know how to run a country .
-the country needs a good shake up , irene commented .
they can still call on us when the country has need .
matthew could nt believe that at this stage in history , the end of the twentieth century , two civilised countries would make war on each other over something as trivial as who had the biggest flag .
paid my debt to queen and country and my life is my own again .
-what you need to understand , he said , is that our country is more advanced than them .
he said that the law was stuck in eighteenth century constitutional theory that was even more ridiculous in a country with no written constitution .
the government of this country was his customer , and the government was falling apart .
all the places are taken , and in any case you do not have a passport with a european country of origin .
-we crossed the line when we started giving these people aid and telling them to develop their countries , albert replied .
the next prime minister would be neil kinnock , and even if he would nt be perfect , at least it meant that the country could start to recover from the ravages of thatcherism .
but in the end , it is the fundamental responsibility of the government of this country to safeguard the security of its people .
some country had to pay for terrorist acts committed on their own soil , but all the perpetrators came from countries that were allies .
some country had to pay for terrorist acts committed on their own soil , but all the perpetrators came from countries that were allies .
it meant we could trade legally in lots of countries .
well , i d told you before how i d got to be friendly with some irish lads , and that these lads had friends in other countries , who had need of some of the same kinds of stuff as them ; weapons mostly , and explosives , i reckon you guessed that .
fao assists developing countries by providing improved seeds and fertilizers , soil conservation and water - resource management techniques , advise on government policy and planning .
the ebagum administration first struck down the two - term rule after his first term in office and has expanded their direct control over every aspect of the country since then .
the combined system , known as figis ( fisheries global information system ) allows the un to collect information on a global scale that would help developing countries build inland fisheries on regional and local scales .
a consensus by the committee on fisheries has made the development of sustainable fisheries in developing countries a major goal of the fao fisheries and agriculture department .
so far , that goal has only been accomplished to a limited extent , and many countries are wondering how much attention fao is really giving the project .
extremely dangerous samples are kept in quarantine by both the cdc and by other countries around the world .
according to the cdc , the virus samples were re - created in order to be studied at secure labs throughout the country .
to more closely monitor such activities throughout the country , and to better coordinate national biodefense research , the u.s . department of homeland security created the national biodefense analysis and countermeasures center ( nbacc ) in 2002 .
going through passport control with his united nations laissez - faire , which allows him to travel to any country on official united nations missions , manjak heads down to the terminal 4 baggage claims area .
well , of course there will be representatives from the world bank , since it is a financial issue that many countries will have concerns with .
the fao was increasingly seen by many countries as becoming obsolete , expensive , and downright useless .
the wfp is directly responsible for administering and delivering the food aid shipments to other countries , and manjak believes that if under fao not only would that shorten the administrative hierarchy , but it would also once again give fao a direct hand in food aid .
this arrangement , though it may seem burgeoning at the beginning , will soon streamline the process and speed at which fao not only responds to emergencies , but also the speed at which we can foster development in the countries that need it .
more are expected to arrive from universities across the country during the week .
manjak hopes that within a few weeks he would be able to shuffle out the bad workers , replace them with better ones , and hopefully repair organizations ' image in those two countries .
` ` we are here , on behalf of the us government , to help your country assess the earthworm disaster and help you take measures to stop it , which we have been doing in ensenada . ''
how will people react when they know a virus is sweeping our country ?
there is a growing gap between the less developed western sections of the country , and the improving and slowly advancing eastern areas .
i ' m not going to make other recommendations , but in the long run it will be doubtful if the country will be able to support any larger population , even assuming that ewk-1 is able to be prevented .
other countries , including all the neighboring ones , will be experiencing similar problems . ''
as it turns out ewk-1 has made some inroads into asia proper , we developed a quick response plan to help isolate some of the lower countries , especially those with high production .
meanwhile , it is very likely that several countries will be hit hard by the spreading ewk-1 within that time period .
ultimately , within twelve months from now any country affected by ewk-1 would have drastically reduced ability to produce its own food and no outside help , as no other country would be in a position to export food for fear of starving its own population .
ultimately , within twelve months from now any country affected by ewk-1 would have drastically reduced ability to produce its own food and no outside help , as no other country would be in a position to export food for fear of starving its own population .
some countries were not even concerned with the spread of ewk-1 , as the current outbreak was so far from their borders that it posed no direct threat to them at all .
major topics that were expected to be covered in the address included the global response to the environmental threat posed by ewk-1 ; the implications of the effects of the virus for future generations ; and the development of new sustainable measures to be taken to ensure continued agricultural productivity , especially in those countries hardest hit by the epizootic .
many countries were experiencing heightened levels of civil unrest , social chaos , and general lack of authority due to the perceived inability of their respective governments to provide for the needs of their populations .
` ` honorable representatives and delegates of your countries , ladies and gentlemen ; my fellow human beings .
` ` governments will individually manage and fund their respective projects for developing national aeroponic and hydroponic farming ; however , the united nations security council in conjunction with the fao will mandate quotas based upon national resource consumption and population of the respective countries .
the un will also help organize transnational engineering , construction , and planning teams for countries that do not have the necessary workforce for these projects .
we are currently working to first invite all megadiverse countries to become involved in the program , and then the rest of the world .
several countries even abstain , which strikes bao as something completely illogical at this stage .
it ends shortly thereafter with 93:80 vote ratio , which becomes readily apparent that it is not enough for the supermajority necessary for it to be binding to all countries .
the representative of one of the middle eastern countries begins his rebuttal to the stabilization plan .
bao listens intently as he rattles off a long list of grievances including infringement of sovereignty , massive costs burdened by people from third world countries , political dominance by the security council onto smaller nations , lack of property for construction of such facilities and general infeasibility .
` ` many of the countries opposing are less developed ones .
` ` yes , but i think that while we are all equally affected by this disaster , they have felt it hit harder and faster than the developed countries .
` ` in the meantime , the countries in favor of the plan will proceed to implement it .
` ` , he acknowledges , ` ` and it will be our task to make sure that all the countries sticking to the plan follow the guidelines and regulations , and make sure the project succeeds .
with so many species of crop dying out , diet variety was one of the first and foremost things to be disrupted in the lives of people in developed countries around the globe .
so it 's up to the attorney general , although due to the spread to many countries i ' m sure there will be many who will be calling for his extradition .
the only consolation to the past week 's events to him is now that the world would know the real reason behind the extinction of the earthworms , and that countries would hopefully now put aside their accusations and cease finger - pointing the blame at each other .
some cases , such as several countries in the middle east as well as india and pakistan , had drawn notoriety for the ridiculousness of some of the governments ' claims .
several countries around the world had declared martial law in response to massive civil unrest , ethnic clashes , violent protests , and armed uprisings .
wars cold and hot between neighboring countries began to die down after the passage of resolution 1555 .
that s right , andy.-just remember , in this country since the constitution was adopted , any one accused of a crime is figured to be innocent until they are proven guilty in a court of law .
the country would see him as a hero , a man who had the courage and fortitude to eliminate a grave existential threat .
no , this was for the country , for all of the people who had fought and suffered during the cold war .
knowing the long - term implications for his country , fish had watched all of this unfold from the sidelines .
in a sort of fucked - up way , nina , you did a major service to this country .
but if you come with me , nina , i think you could be a valuable asset to this country 's intelligence community . ''
two , to be given over to a foreign country to be tortured .
telemarketers had other numbers , weird ones from foreign countries that tried to scam people .
if you cared so much about your country you would have informed our elected leaders when you discovered it .
he was represented in many countries with direct relatives fulfilling most of the more sensitive functions .
the choice of countries was also predetermined ; it would be one of the ones shown on the old postcards .
he went on to explain that the last book his father sent mainly covered two countries : u.s.a and italy .
as a retired spy he no longer had to worry about risking his life for queen and country .
i see , you think this is nato versus non - nato countries , whispered the agent with a smile .
and you said that dad only ever worked for queen and country .
it was the least i could do for the family of a man who had given everything for this country , its queen and its people .
some president had visited a country .
the gi bill was earned over four years in the usmc performing reconnaissance in drug ravaged countries .
here 's what we know so far ; some kind of chemical agent was released at military bases all over the country .
as bad as the attacks on the united states were , we were probably better off than some of the others countries around the world .
nearly all of the countries in the middle east declared outrage at their audacity and vowed to help iraq .
` ` christ , this is ridiculous , '' liz said to me , trying to take all of it in ` ` why the hell would china choose to outright attack us with so much at stake in our country ? ''
` ` you think they would try to take over our country because of the loans ? ''
our arrogance had defined this country for far too long .
if we stand aside , we will never again have a chance to take our country back .
in the last decade or so air traffic had been crippled by volcanic ash spewing through the air , so the government had stepped up the funding for research of our country 's most active volcano in the lower 48 .
in related news , newly formed militias are popping up all over the country .
dr . brier was once considered to be among the elite surgeons in the country .
as we sold our country away to them during the recessions , they used their new found capital to grow themselves at an exponential rate .
our greatest folly was turning our heads when we knew they could have been planning something against other countries , rigalio said .
how you , connor and jesse helped renew our country 's fighting spirit .
for the first time since we dropped the bombs on japan , our country is fighting for a cause that they believe in .
imagine , if you will rigalio said the resistance given joint access to the entirety of our country 's arsenal .
` ` what am i willing to do for my country ? ''
qwest field was over run with soldiers , harkening to world war ii when allied countries would house visiting troops in arenas .
` ` you ask that i let my family and friends all die , that i give everything for this country .
` ` effective immediately '' she said somberly , ` ` the joint chiefs of staff are hereby stripped of their command and all military personnel are to report to commandant rigalio of the united states marine corps until our country is either at peace or insolvent .
` ` i only hope the rest of the country is able to see how lucky we are to have you at the front of this battle , sir . ''
after all , he did help work out the strategy that saved your country .
times change , countries change and life goes on .
it was nt one of the international franchises , but another of the clones that always spring up in poorer countries .
he checked the messages from nora smith , if she had picked up something from the other eu countries police forces .
a squad that did not exist in all countries but was need in a country like italy , which had huge art treasures .
for example , he broke down world geography by countries .
he also taught me detailed information about each country that the average textbook did not take into accountincluding facts about what areas were more dangerous than others , why they were that way , and the current political climate .
i thought i was serving my country , but in reality , i was only serving them .
marriage and having kids was one of the things i sacrificed in the service of my country .
looking back at me and to see who i am , voiced humble inside , and looking at her stature , and the countries she stands for to say i feel you !
like most local newspapers across the country , the observer had undergone massive rollbacks .
off - campus housing has been trending all across the country .
they tell me its one of the highest security hospitals in the country .
they start with the premise that a country has a certain amount of stuff , assuming they do nt suddenly strike oil or have a coup or something .
he was convinced that lunch chardonnay was shipped by the container load in 55 - gallon drums from some third world country .
artists against oppression will periodically release additional information to cast light on the systematic exploitation of working men and women that goes on every day in this country .
ill be traveling extensively up and down the state , to other countries .
it was in the midst of this virtual civil war between the people of the country , the blue and the red , the progressives and traditionalists , that offices around the country tried to preserve order and continue about their business , pretending the outcome would have little effect on their futures .
it was in the midst of this virtual civil war between the people of the country , the blue and the red , the progressives and traditionalists , that offices around the country tried to preserve order and continue about their business , pretending the outcome would have little effect on their futures .
the country had lost the ability , but not the will , to construct these massive projects .
you ca nt enter other countries without passports , anymore .
as the man came closer william studied his bent figure and could see that doctor gephardt was not , and never could have been , one of the strapping young huns that were recruited into the nazi war machine at the beginning of the war ; men capable of driving fear and quick surrender before them as they steamrolled across borders , intimidating country after country into submission as the third reich reached its ascendancy .
as the man came closer william studied his bent figure and could see that doctor gephardt was not , and never could have been , one of the strapping young huns that were recruited into the nazi war machine at the beginning of the war ; men capable of driving fear and quick surrender before them as they steamrolled across borders , intimidating country after country into submission as the third reich reached its ascendancy .
in any case , though , the surrogates will be evenly distributed around the country at first , then the world .
he d gotten angry listening to a conservative republican during the eisenhower - kennedy changeover who said that a little righteous anger really brings out the best in the american personality and that getting mad in a constructive way is good for the soul and the country ; a few years later his anger had turned to cynical resignation .
he s usually an observer at these affairs , officially , but the delegates from the less stable countries -- and sometimes even mexico -- are usually in conference with him between the public speeches .
the privileged few always told us that the more money we made by catering to the needs of other nations -- and your country was the most influential , but still only one of the many -- the better off we would all be .
some day , i believe , guantanamo will become an embarrassment for your country as well .
* greece * talya and i arrived in greece in late august of 1975 , not long after the united states and the rest of the other nato countries began an extended period of doing nothing about turkeys sudden and bloody take - over of most of the greek portion of the island of cyprus .
to be shot in a public street in the capital of a country that is friendly to your own nation is little more than terrorism , the rectors wife added .
maybe we should be worried about the kind of country we are becoming rather than what other countries think of us , the violinist added in a quiet voice .
maybe we should be worried about the kind of country we are becoming rather than what other countries think of us , the violinist added in a quiet voice .
so far i have only heard them from you , sir , but my response , in any case , would be as follows : i am here as a private citizen of my country , free to say what i please even though my invitation comes from and my stay is paid for by an agency of my government , and i would hope that most people would be perceptive enough to be able to distinguish between a nations government and her individual citizens .
do you really believe there are still important distinctions to be drawn between them any longer in your country ?
i wondered why i always seemed to be defending my country when i was in some foreign land , even with such insipid and obvious comments as that last , when at home i was always so quick to be cleverly critical .
we have a sector given to us each time and the sectors are rotated among the different countries who make up the peace - keeping force .
only a small percentage of those who apply can be given a space in the universities in our country -- i think its about fifteen percent -- but once admitted it is almost impossible now to be dismissed for academic failure .
i think reform in our country is once again in the air , but i would like it to be well thought out and lasting -- for a change .
as an immigrant his father had worked long hours for little pay , but he recalled no bitterness ever directed at the country that had taken his father in and eventually the man had paid his adopted country back , fueling the economy in typical american fashion and allowing his children to choose their own form of labor .
we need america and other capitalist countries to help us move intelligently into the next century .
we finished and i paid and we walked back to the jing jiang , talking of the attitudes toward suicide in our respective countries and speculating on the relationship between national goals and the taking of ones own life .
only yesterday i heard a writer friend of mine call it one of the first steps in the de - maoization of our country .
it is equipped with our most advanced warning systems and any information about movements of missiles or soldiers can be relayed at once to any part of our country .
it would be in most other countries , but here were a relatively new presence and many things are not as well organized yet as they might be .
it was their map to begin with and in the interest of maintaining the present precarious balance among the three countries it might be best for them to be aware of such a leak .
it was set up a long time ago , back in the 1930s , and its always had government support at the highest levels even though its a private group set up to facilitate educational and cultural exchanges between the two countries .
guess a lot of it depends on what country he s from , what kind of relations the two countries have at the time , and how serious the chinese think his attempted deception was .
the cultural revolution was a time of many excesses in our country .
i have never believed that isolation from the western countries , specifically from america , is the wisest course for china to follow .
if he was , i am sure that what he was doing was never meant to harm my country .
i know that some people in your country would see this as favoritism or even corruption , and sometimes that is exactly what it becomes in my country as well , but for most people here it is a way of making our presence felt in a society that does not make many allowances for individual needs .
last year we had over 21,000 handgun - related deaths in this country .
we have around 65 million handguns in this country , with a death rate of 13.7 per 100,000 .
we had to replace everything in those countries and start over , from the presidents on down .
i hear what your man is saying , senator , but we all know that a majority of handguns in this country are foreign made .
there are still a few copycats out there , but all around , it looks like the country is fighting back .
medications his country needed desperately .
a video , showing a young man believed to be the driver of the truck , delivering a speech denouncing the presence of american influence in the small country , aired on the al jazeerah network and was picked up by the wire services .
in every country around the world the governments and the big , multi - national industries deal amongst themselves exclusively in scottish money .
now while any average person may have held onto these coins simply for posteritys sake - for the memory of a treasured holiday spent traipsing around the highlands , or visiting the ghost of edinburgh castle or whatever - had the truth ever emerged as to their real value it would have made them richer beyond their wildest dreams richer probably than eighty per cent of all of the countries , individually , on the planet !
i am not aware of how he has managed to hijack the media to such an extent , but i am sure that japan is not the only country putting every available resource into finding and stopping this deranged criminal .
ports across the world have categorically forbidden japanese ships to dock , and the naval forces of many countries are now patrolling their national waters to keep the members of the japanese fleet out , in the fear that the contamination they carry will spread throughout their own ships , and possibly to the fish stocks themselves .
the former eastern bloc countries , along with the various stans - kazakhstan , uzbekistan , etc - the young nations which have sprung up since the fragmentation of the soviet union , were already fairly turbulent for the most part and have now been thrown into further disarray by the total collapse of their fragile new economies .
most of those countries are just around the corner from amsterdam , right ?
they were on the radio and tv of course but discovered too late to be included in the saturday editions , and unlike many other countries there are no sunday papers in the netherlands , bakker said .
he never thought that mortgages in far - off countries would ever affect his little empire .
a run on a bank in some third world country had sparked panic early in the morning , and trading had been highly volatile since .
leaving the country was always an option , but many countries now had extradition treaties with the uk to haul criminals back home to face justice .
it was illegal of course , in most countries at least , but he did it anyway .
maintaining clients in multiple countries , he simply swapped their money between them when required , and pocketed a commission from both of them for the pleasure .
pierre was once again within the schengen zone , a collection of countries that did n't believe in internal border controls .
having worked in many countries she did have a good smattering of languages , but nothing like this .
i have heard stories of methods used in some of those countries , but i do not believe they are all true .
chapter 13 the border crossing had become wide open since the eurozone countries had unified their customs structure , so they were largely ignored as they turned south along a much wider highway .
` ` that s the plant that destroyed a country ? ''
despite the millions of dollars spent annually on negative propaganda , somehow the momentum has switched , and like a slow methodical tsunami , it is spreading out across the country .
at 6:00 a.m. mountain time , the largest coordinated military raid in our countries history took place on the streets of every major city in colorado and washington .
i thought scenes like these only happened in countries that have oppressive totalitarian regimes .
in a hundred year span since the first hemp seed became illegal , countries around the world conditioned the human race to accept government and corporate control over what one grows , and ultimately what one does with his or her own body .
in 1937 , the marijuana tax act was passed , and the united states of america became one of the first countries to make it illegal to grow or use a natural plant that had been used for most of human history .
if we want our country to stand , and we want to hold on to the same ideals that the founding fathers set forth , we must follow the non - violent route .
i would like to put on notice all the politicians and ceo 's who have sold out our country .
they believed that several governments from neighbouring countries in that region were responsible for forming al qaeda .
the objective was to eliminate the government of each of those countries , and therefore cut off al qaeda at the source of its support and funding .
he made no secret of his hatred for his benevolent host country or his desire to see terrorist acts perpetrated there .
` ` this charade is a demonstration of imperialist arrogance , a blatant enforcement of christian supremacy in this country .
we all have to adhere to current reality in this country now . ''
but i tell you that i served for over thirty years in the armed forces of this country ever prepared to wage war on foreign cultures that threaten our way of life .
destroy the establishment and culture if this country .
if you want your islamic uprising in this country yasir , you have to jump right in there , start kicking shit about .
should n't be that difficult , everybody in this country has had it up to the chin with what 's gone on over the last few years .
the country that gave them to me no longer exists . ''
indeed the ua - f receive a degree of government funding in recognition of a proud record in opposing far right organisations and their attempts to be engaged in the democratic process 's of this country .
` ` this country is a melting pot about to bubble over under too much heat and pressure .
` ` best put the country on red alert chris . ''
` ` well mr . khan , i have obeyed that call to arms all of my life and i have no intention of failing my country now . ''
the case had just the right mix of sexual intrigue and shrouded dirty secrets to warrant fervent media attention ; in a country where murder often did n't reach the front page of the newspaper this case was going to be given full bill .
sodium thiopental is not commonly available without prescription , it is a scheduled drug in this country .
b.a.l , supplied a number of establishments , and i was surprised to see that business was brisk ; i would not have imagined that so much research was being conducted in our country .
an undergraduate position , including full accommodation and living expenses at uct , one of the countries premier universities .
it is unclear why the u.s . military is essentially attacking this specific country .
the officials further stated that they are deeply shocked and have no indication as to why the u.s . would take action against their country .
i m sure there are more modern countries , which would have a hard time handling this type of emergency .
for this reason , several radical groups that support the al - qaeda have been formed to help these members move freely between countries in order to plan further terrorist activity .
the military has a task to do of protecting this country .
we can not stop our job of defending the country because of public protests .
what other reason would there be to destroy the report unless they re planning an invasion of the country ?
his top - notch investigators were unable to come up with any solid evidence of terrorist activities , or even terrorist sympathies , in any country they had investigated so far .
its a free country , he sneered .
but as more muslims immigrated from other countries , it changed .
which country is he ?
continent countries represent .
i could not believe it is me ; a president of a country was never given such an ovation .
protecting my country waterway from oil theft , piracy at all cost is all i want .
it would come as an honour that the academy lose someone prepared to die for his country !
japtan that shows how patriotic he is to serve his country without duress from any side .
yeah doctor you said the right thing ; but can you die for your country ?
if we are doing something not against the law of our country , are we right ?
like an emerging petulant child , the country and its citizens not in total control of their lives , laws or emotions .
those numbers could be coming from any country in the world ... well not every country '' , he corrected , ` ` as some countries , like china for instance , have very regulated internet use .
those numbers could be coming from any country in the world ... well not every country '' , he corrected , ` ` as some countries , like china for instance , have very regulated internet use .
those numbers could be coming from any country in the world ... well not every country '' , he corrected , ` ` as some countries , like china for instance , have very regulated internet use .
word is getting out , but i think it will go viral on the internet and be on front pages all over the country if the press finds out about this wannabe frankenstein we have on our hands .
above them , in gold block letters , read the inscription : ` ` in honor of those members of the central intelligence agency who gave their lives in the service of their country . ''
so what we need to do is protect the country and provide a soft landing for the economy .
so are we planning an invasion of a particular country ?
i understand we have been receiving cooperation from certain middle eastern countries in providing operatives .
obviously , no - one wants that but , you all know about the secret wars we fight for our country .
and with the loans , shares and rip - off prices , there s lots of cash being generated that is used to buy - off politicians so that more crappy deals are made across the country .
i had big thoughts for our country .
doing something good for my country , said planner , struggling with his inner dilemmas .
especially , third - world countries that liked to shoot americans ( there are quite a few , fyi ) .
overhead , an all call ( as she described ) was pointing out the various channels around the world , camera feeds from around the country , that might be due special attention because they were airing material relating to a top story -- or a potential newsmaker .
three other eu countries have put in for their extradition .
he vividly recalled her first email , seeking clarifications on his op - ed piece that dissected the political economy of south asian countries over the past two decades .
the student stammered and replied : yes , i learned that ... but when that happens , which country will give us food aid ?
in her country , a smaller face was considered the epitome of beauty , since most of them had flabby cheeks that melted into their chin .
i am studying the contradictions in capitalist countries after civil war .
on the other hand , socialist countries have a slow start but prosper in the long term .
is that why soviet union and china are still struggling while usa is the worlds richest country ?
for your information dravida , england and canada , all capitalist countries , are economically superior and thriving for a longtime .
unlike capitalist countries , they are first trying to fix inequalities and then develop the economy .
all the countries that you just mentioned , which are only putting roadblocks in their progress .
which are the most popular cars in your country ?
so typical of socialist countries .
your country is only a pawn in its larger imperialistic game .
like other countries in the neighborhood , dravida heavily relied on short - term foreign loans and was open to hot money .
the problem with communist countries is that they are ideologically rigid and refuse to learn from their past mistakes .
we have a permit system for workers from other countries who want to come here .
when we were one country , he fought for the division of states on linguistic basis .
so , what happens if every province wants a separate country now ?
if we were still one country , they would have been cultural imperialists .
if we were one country , our region would have earned the majority revenues that the hindi politicians use to line up their pockets , paying lip service to development .
what if your leaders decide to fight for a separate country ?
this is her first time in this country .
there is little doubt that without british rule , we would all have ended up being different countries , ruled by selfish kings .
if the united nations , led by americans had not intervened , your country may have been ruled by kim .
if president truman had listened to his advisors and sacked general macarthur , your country would have been under communist rule , or we may also have been looking at two countries spelt with a k , instead of one .
if president truman had listened to his advisors and sacked general macarthur , your country would have been under communist rule , or we may also have been looking at two countries spelt with a k , instead of one .
i wonder how long it will take before people from other developing countries are acknowledged ?
we are still a poor country and the income inequality is high , so free meat is always welcome .
you are right , the people who object to dog meat mostly come from countries where beef and pork are a standard diet .
you know ruby , there is an argument that whales should not be killed because of their high intelligence , so the western world wants to ban whale hunting , without considering that it has been food for northern european and the east asian countries for generations .
there is a section of our society that believes we are the same race and should therefore be united into one country again .
in socialist countries only the powerful have opportunities , naga said .
he also pointed out that consumers in capitalist countries think they have a choice , but in reality they do not .
i can also assure you that income inequality is greater in the communist countries .
he concludes that capitalist countries will have higher economic growth in the first two decades of independence , which will be followed by a slowdown .
canada and england , both strong capitalist countries , slowed down after two decades of independence .
all the four countries are close allies of delhi and refuse to grant them refugee status .
rhee had made it a presidential system to remain in power , but the system is not fit for a country like ours .
is n't a presidential system more appropriate for homogenous countries like usa and not india where you have so any different cultures and languages ?
i am surprised that although america helped you in the war , your country chose a parliamentary system .
the level of economic development is so different between both countries that they get a culture shock .
she failed to understand how her country , a democracy , could maintain friendly relations with a regime that treated their citizens so brutally .
the strikes and protests were paralyzing policies and hurting the economy of the country greatly .
that socialist countries will prosper in the long term and capitalist countries born out of civil war will collapse ?
that socialist countries will prosper in the long term and capitalist countries born out of civil war will collapse ?
it means that there is no reason for each of these countries to oppose each other .
we can all live together in one country and have a single identity .
if you have your way , corea , china and japan should be one country .
that is why i appreciate the efforts in europe , 15 diverse countries have formed the european union .
they create all the problems in the world , meddling in other countries , where they should not .
if america had not intervened , we would still be one country .
the british did us a favor and made us one country .
what is the use of living in a different country if you can not experience their culture and food ?
we are going to fight for a separate country , all the other states have agreed to our plan .
we need a separate country .
is n't it strange that a democratic free market country discriminates against people because of their caste ?
it is just cold war politics where the smaller countries become pawns , naga replied .
pakistanis and indians also must be the same race , but they are different countries now .
i thought buddhism was a prominent religion in your country .
well , then maybe it has something to do with the intensity of political repression in the countries where the victims do n't mind immolating themselves .
dmk and swatantara party are not funded by any foreign countries , from what i hear it is the congress party which has been receiving election funds from soviet union .
she has put the blame on cia and isi , saying it is an attempt to break up the country once again .
little did we know the turmoil that would engulf our country did you know my father well ?
brandon had decided he owed his country several years of service in the armed forces .
a speaker told the rally , once the government takes over a program in this country , the people are denied all rights to receive what they were being given before .
however , we know that nearly one hundred percent of the flags in this country will be lowered either tonight or tomorrow .
their existence on the board was , in knowles mind , the perfect revelation of corporatist control over businesses and consulting firms all of whom in concert possessed the crucial means to control not only the united states but russia , england , china and most of the other countries in the world .
we expect the combined scaleup to produce enough vaccine for the entire country within weeks .
they were all individuals who , because of their exceptional importance to the country , were naturally also of interest to the countrys enemies .
makienko was a true professional , had served his country well , and knew better than to be absent .
according to london ambassador yuri nevski , he had departed for moscow immediately , in order to avoid further diplomatic embarrassment between the two countries .
my own view is that , if lloyds value to this country remains as it was , then protection should continue to be provided .
i ve risked my life for this country enough times in my career , not least a couple of days ago , and i did nt do that just for some two - bit agent from somewhere , pretending to be on our side , to turn against us .
i ca nt imagine that lloyd is as important to this country or such a threat to russia as he used to be , now that he s given up the research he was doing .
well , said the girl , ill try to find him , but we have over 3,000 scientists working here from 38 different countries .
i had hoped that the top security experts in the country would have done better than this .
if we can get it done at the federal level , done right , we can solve it for the whole country .
the diabolic rationale they would use was the blockade doctrine espoused by american politicians to prevent drugs from entering the country a same doctrine that fostered their illicit trade .
well , i m here tonight to tell the american people that the drug dealers in this country are not going to win , and they re not scaring me off .
therefore , emergency continuing resolutions had been needed in recent years at the last minute to keep basic services running without any adherence to a logical plan for moving the country forward .
given the almost unspeakably sorry state of the justice system in this country i would be insufferably gloomy if i did not take time off to unwind -- .
my country has made mistakes such as slavery .
giving someone this much money with thecmrtrait could put race relations in this country back a hundred years , at least .
however , if you believe that freedom is a natural right then it is impossible for one person to enslave another , even if you live in a country where slavery is declared legal , said jasmine .
i became a homeland security agent so that i could serve my country and i knew at that at some point i might have to make a decision just like this .
and obama , by making race a non - issue in his campaign , has allowed americans to reach their own personally - derived conclusions about what his election would mean for race relations in this country : in other words , obama , by remaining generally silent about race , has given americans the chance to make their own internal martin luther king speeches .
a citizen of a developed country , all zachary needed to do in a moment of unforeseen threat was exercise , not elaborate fighting techniques , but a few motions of his fingers and dial 911 .
the justice system in this country does not apply to all people the same and innocent people , usually black , go to jail all the time .
what you have done for this country the country will never be able to repay you in kind -- .
his words should have caused me to relax , but for some reason i have not you have purged from this country a family of villains and i salute you for that -- .
okay , so what is the second president of the country we had to flee from saying now ?
do nt you care who runs your country ?
if the country did nt slip into the gutter or start bullying tiny nations , then i saw no reason to sweep out one government and insert another .
and like cars we are also machines , but machines that will go on to serve the country and each other , to process taxes and fill prisons and build office blocks and clean streets .
its enemies could still reach the country 's shores and kill its citizens .
this slowly gave the country the belief that the combination of taking the fight to the enemy and the expenditure of hundreds of billions of dollars for homeland security was enough to completely protect the united states .
for the first time ever , the department of homeland security raised the threat level for the entire country to red .
this was a time for the country to come together , and the news channels would try to outdo each other in terms of patriotic display .
with cnn and fox news carried in most countries around the world , people on all continents watched the events unfold in real time , some with worries about loved ones in washington , most with sympathy for the united states and the victims , and others with glee that the only remaining global superpower had been struck .
in those countries , the only thing placed at the embassy was additional marines a show of force meant to keep anti - american attitudes from morphing into all - out violence .
watkins had seen jack sweeney steer the country through a recession , avert a major crisis with russia and command american troops in iraq and afghanistan .
now , with the country under attack , president sweeney again did not seem rattled , especially in his address to the country .
now , with the country under attack , president sweeney again did not seem rattled , especially in his address to the country .
on the other hand , the public would never know some of the things the sweeney administration had done to protect the country , or at least not until documents would be declassified in a couple of generations .
as you are all aware , terrorists struck our country at approximately 10:25 a.m. est .
for too long , america has pushed other countries around to satisfy its own greed , killing hundreds of thousands in its wars against true believers in afghanistan and iraq .
though proclaiming to want peace and to promote religious tolerance , how is it that america 's actions are always targeted at muslim countries ?
we want to let the country know that the fbi is doing its work and we 're gon na need as many eyeballs as possible to make sure we catch him quickly .
yet , in a time of crisis , the country needed to see its leaders , not some spokesperson , so stevenson had to keep trotting out in front of the media whenever something new happened .
the countries he used for his escape had been carefully chosen for their traditionally lax immigration and customs policies .
hassan felt most comfortable using the passport of a country in which arabic was spoken , along with french .
as - sirat sought to capitalize on poor economic conditions in middle eastern countries and omar bashir each day was on the lookout for the kind of news he could use for his propaganda .
that included united states air strikes that caused civilian deaths , just about any action israel took against the palestinian people , efforts to give women more rights in muslim countries and anything else he could spin into showing that the western world was oppressing the true followers of the quran .
for years , the u.s . had feared that as - sirat would obtain nuclear weapons , such as those available for sale in some of the former soviet republics , and smuggle them into the country .
instead , as - sirat would rely on using nuclear material already in the country .
if the bomber acted out of solidarity with as - sirat , then that could be spun to show that even americans were turning on their own country .
thursday , 6:23 am et when the country began waking up to the news that the terrorist was still at large , fbi director stevenson had already been back in his office for hours .
the entire country is grieving , so you 'd look like an ass , the media veteran had told him .
instead , she just wanted to tell the country that her husband had been a good man .
i have asked him to join us because our intelligence community believes that there are indications that hassan al - zaid is not in the country anymore .
it would give the country the appearance that he was not hiding and that there was nothing to be scared of .
in the long history of our country , this is the first time that an american muslim has turned on the united states and engaged in an act of terrorism against their home country .
so , while the terrorists would like nothing better than for american muslims to take up arms against their country or for some of our citizens to take up arms against the muslims in our midst , i call on all of you to show them that they have once again misjudged us .
he had always been successful in rallying the country around the flag when the need arose .
though as - sirat recruited its fighters predominantly in muslim countries , every now and then there were europeans who joined the cause .
while there had been americans arrested for allegedly wanting to strike against their own country , none of them had been associated with as - sirat and , much to omar bashir 's regret , none of them had been successful .
stevenson appeared tired and frustrated at a press conference that saw two top officials get grilled over the security lapses that allowed hassan al - zaid to flee the country , the associated press said in its story .
while it is truly unfortunate that the suspect has eluded us so far and while it is easy to second guess our decisions after the fact , we took what we believed to be the best course of action for the country at the time .
reporters had resorted to writing such stories because there was very little news to report , apart from that the intelligence community would play a greater role in the search for hassan al - zaid because he was now out of the country .
while any threat to homeland security usually led to a large bump in the approval rating of a sitting president , flash polls and online surveys showed that the country was clearly unhappy with the bungled response .
after engaging him in conversation for a few minutes to get him to recount his story , the hosts had spent the rest of the time fighting , with one of them arguing that the sweeney administration had made the country vulnerable by cutting back homeland security funds and relaxing several other policies that , according to the president , had infringed on people 's civil liberties .
with that piece of the puzzle in place , the fbi had been able to put together how hassan al - zaid had managed to flee the country with relative ease .
in order to find out as much about braidwood as possible , some as - sirat 's sympathizers with citizenship in countries that allowed them to enter the united states without a visa had been tasked with firsthand surveillance of the plant .
in addition to those efforts , as - sirat supporters in western countries had been asked to use the internet to put together extensive files on hundreds of potential targets .
with hassan al - zaid out of the country , the burden of finding him was being placed more and more on the shoulders of the intelligence community .
they normally got their recruits from muslim countries and would immediately grow suspicious of anybody appearing to have american roots .
while he was pondering how he could best serve his country , he watched a movie with some friends in which a bank robber is holding hostages .
having an american ' turn ' on his country would be perceived as a great story by their pr machine , hearst had said , waving away a waiter .
to make it look as real as possible , with real victims and real grieving families , he suggested that we find volunteers with terminal illnesses who want to serve their country one last time and make the rest of their lives count , the lawmaker added .
he 'll carry some sort of hidden homing device that will allow us to track him in the hopes that he will be taken to an as - sirat stronghold as the guy who attacked his own country and swore allegiance to the group , hearst said , leaning back in his chair .
right now , he was the most hated man in the country that he was willing to sacrifice everything for .
somebody is going to call for impeachment and there will be a lot of people in this country who wo n't appreciate being deceived by their president .
besides , we have people who risk their lives for this country every day , so i ' m sure as hell willing to not worry about my legacy if it means we get a crack at omar bashir .
it 's not like the fbi is doing much good right now anyways with al - zaid out of the country .
they will be the ones explaining to the country what pathfinder was and why they decided to participate in it .
many americans have felt for a long time that president sweeney has weakened our country .
what i loved about him was that he cared so deeply about everything he was engaged in , whether it was sports or protecting the country or taking care of his family .
as a former top spy , he knew the profile of people willing to risk their lives for their country .
the others had shown up as promised and given their country the last weeks or months of their lives , including the man who had taken a job as a metro bus driver .
hassan al - zaid was the first american to defy his country but he believes that he will not be the last .
if our intelligence people find out where he is , i ' m not gon na wait for permission from another country to go after him , i 'll tell you that , gorsula said .
* * * halfway through the day , it was obvious that the video sparked a new wave of anti - muslim backlash in the u.s .. more than a dozen assaults had been reported throughout the country in which the attackers made reference to hassan al - zaid or as - sirat .
another thing that would likely have to happen was for the president to step before the country with his hat in hand and admit that massive mistakes had been made .
but sweeney had not blinked when deciding to go ahead with deceiving his entire country in order to take a shot at as - sirat .
mr . president , we can certainly discuss such an attack but you know that internal politics have prevented me from granting you the authority to strike inside of my country .
i object that you have not allowed us to take the fight to the terrorists in your country .
when i tell the country about pathfinder , you 'll become a target for the rest of your life .
more than that , when we attacked their hideout , we found information that led to the capture of many other terrorists and disrupted as - sirat plots in several countries , including ours .
i will also reveal to the country everything i can about operation pathfinder , including , of course , that this young man , whom we had to smuggle into the white house today under disguise , is a national hero .
now , i do think that there is a need for the country to hear his story , so hassan has given in to my request to make sure it is being told .
shareholder profits were quickly removed from the country to low tax havens overseas .
john addressed the whole group , we are a body of people who are sick to death with the way democracy is being eliminated in our country .
i will decide what is good for this country , along with your help , of course .
no henry , i will not deviate from the course of action i have taken , action that will benefit this country in the long run .
we know there is an ongoing operation to integrate information that is held in different systems on every citizen in the country .
fortunately , we still have some support from one or two eastern bloc countries .
they will have served their country with honour .
so we are going to take that opportunity for a final push to free this country starting today .
cory aquino had failed her people by failing to rid the country and government of the corruption .
donor countries had given bedding , blankets and clothing by the ton as relief supplies for distribution to families who had lost everything .
they would then be too tied up in debt repayment to enable the country to ever recover .
by drafting a whole new battle plan with previously untried tactics , if she could make it work , it could be a blueprint for popular uprisings in other countries .
officially at least , the libyans respected the predominance of catholicism within the country .
the world would have to accept the legitimacy of the new independent muslim country if its former rulers recognised it .
from the flags attached to many of the bags and the conversations in different languages , the clerk knew they were from many different countries .
if the confusion is n't straightened out quickly other countries might rush to the government 's aid with military assistance .
therefore the average age of the philippines population has been reducing rather than increasing in age as in most other countries .
i will remind you that you are still in the navy and you are required to serve the interests of this country .
antjie had seen her son preside over a deal that involved selling electrical power to neighbouring countries for huge amounts of cash , paid to the chief minister .
they pocketed millions , selling power to other countries whilst there was not enough to keep their own people warm in winter .
the russian - made rpg 7 first passed its field trials for use by the russian armed forces in 1961 , its destructive effectiveness leading it to being adopted by the armies of over 40 countries .
in and out of countries hassle free , best hardware money can invent , and if all else fails , the marines have your back .
vandalism , violence , and destruction have no place in a democratic country and greece does not have the luxury of such protests in such difficult times .
does nt anybody in this damn country take no for an answer ?
young man , we may have more guns than people in this country - more than the next seven failed states combined , angela corroborated .
at the moment , after successfully running the gauntlet of international airport scrutiny and evading arrest in several countries , she was distressingly desarmado .
in any country known to have more guns than people , this was patently unwise , not to mention downright unprofessional .
that this country is at war with us .
i spent thirty- three years and four months in active military service as a member of this country 's most agile military force , the marine corps .
seven middle east countries in five years , for instance .
and from which countries ?
big cities are like foreign countries to me .
at the very least not in this country in any current investigation .
if you do nt know why karen claims i love money so much its because of my old career , believe it or not , i was nt always a leader of a country i used to be a stock broker .
the united states is our territory as well , we are americans as wellwere indigenous to the continent , everyone deserves the golden opportunity of progress , its what this country was founded on .
all of those damn terrorists had entered this country illegally .
they should try to work hard in their own countries .
our country is in an economic crisiswere in a recession .
my father did nt like her because she had children and preferred i married a russian girl from the old country .
and now that its becoming a multi - national corporation partnering and operating in numerous countries , his holdings will increase once the plans move forward on the superhighway system all over the country .
service jobs had been out - sourced to foreign countries so often now that americans were nt even surprised anymore when a company declared bankruptcy or moved their operations to india or costa rica or some other foreign land .
lookmy understanding of this partnership and council is that of a public and private sector dialogue of the nafta countries to facilitate the north american political community to allow the private sector to engage substantially on trade and security issues without , and ill quote from one of the american business leaders , without undue deference to political sensibilities .
its also focused on three major issues handled by a specific country .
and if you control the economic system , you control the country .
energy integration reduces countries autonomy to remain self - sufficient , which will most likely grant the united states dominance over north american natural resources .
rumor has it that in the future , north america will be defined by regional blocs used for economic trade rather than sovereign state territory , thus making countries obsolete .
he was a murderer and a traitor to his country .
he s one of the most corrupt government officials to have ever existed in this country .
i would have preferred if igor errazuriz had nt left though , he had already become like an arc angel slaying the serpents that were destroying the very core of what this country had been founded on .
so it was likely that this operation was done in a third world country because in a developed country such an injury would normally have been repaired with a plate and screws , according to a surgeon that sandy had talked to in darwin hospital .
its amazing how different the cultures can be from country to country , i say .
it seemed that every second person in the country believed that around every corner , behind every piece of news , or political event , some sinister conspiracy lay lurking in the shadows .
sex trafficking is not indigenous to second or third world countries .
in truth , it is the indulgence and excessiveness of first world countries that allow the industry to thrive as it does .
these guys who d once laid it all out there for their country were a different breed , he thought , different even than patriotic law enforcement types such as himself .
after all , even a war hero could lose his oars , maybe especially a war hero , coming back to loneliness , reminded every day that he d given his legs for a country whose main act of collective sacrifice had been to go shopping .
its a service pistol very popular with special forces in many countries from the us army to polish special forces to a counter - terrorist unit in greece .
they came from different countries , so why a serial killer would or could find them does nt make sense at all .
no , they were sent to eliminate a politicians opposition or to start a revolt in a country that was developing too well .
all countries of the old ussr .
the iron curtain division worked in countries that were previously under communist rule .
they had lectures where they were taught the legal and law enforcement procedures of different western european countries .
a lot of countries were suddenly freed from russias rule .
this is intelligence as in the gathering of information about other countries .
he provides weapons to third world countries that use children as soldiers .
he also owns property in all these countries where he has his accounts .
interpol will launch a thorough investigation together with the law enforcement agencies of all the countries involved .
they were authorized to operate in any country where someone was held hostage , the admiral replied .
we rescued hostages in every country .
surrounded by cia operatives , government employees , and various spies from a variety of countries , she did nt worry about being overheard .
` ` and the politicians opened up the banking sector and created mass unemployment by attracting foreign banks like citibank , standard chartered or ubs who would only hire 10 % of their staff from singapore , the rest being from other countries .
tell me , what single thing would you want the next president of the country to do most ?
this country had oil , gold and agricultural riches greater than most countries , and the population numbers to exploit that wealth .
this country had oil , gold and agricultural riches greater than most countries , and the population numbers to exploit that wealth .
as late starters in modernisation and development they could learn from the environmental mistakes other countries had made ; if they had wanted to .
it was only a partial lie as his merchant bank employer required research into many different aspects of the economies of various countries , including their tourism .
then they would drive on the left as any sane country should .
there were too many anomalies and inconsistencies in this country .
` ` one country , many self interests , '' replied pater .
just like you did , all the people , not just in asian countries mis - pronounce it . ''
western europe was on the brink of war with most of the middle eastern countries , which for the first time in history were united .
the enemies of freedom have invented a toolno a weapon , that so effectively subdues truth under the guise of kindness that the whole country is wounded and bleeding from it .
in 2029 russia had again exercised its military superiority in the east for the first time since the collapse of the ussr by invading several countries .
russia had grown increasingly tired of the terrorist activities originating from the islamic countries to the south so in a commanding and destructive march to india , russia captured control of kazakhstan , uzbekistan , turkmenistan , afghanistan and pakistan , stopping at the indian border .
due to the wests issues with afghanistan and pakistan during the desert wars in the early part of the century , they did nothing but watch , happy to have someone else do what they could nt or dared not do , which was destroy nuisance countries .
besides , rogue warlord movement was not uncommon in either country .
other countries were nearly all the same , and some worse .
yes , on our own accordto an allied country , i did nt think we had come to bloody red china .
from here on out i suspect we will see all the countries of the world acting very differently .
cell phones in 2040 were capable of identifying the user so no matter which phone was used , any call outside the country would be blocked .
it was as if there was a global sniper able to take whatever shot they wanted at any time while the most powerful country in the world could do nothing about it or even know who was doing the shooting .
following teds reasoning jess added , i do nt think it makes any sense that this was the work of a middle eastern country .
ted then thought of another hypothesis , or it could be a european country retaliating against our indecision to throw our hat in the ring with their war or shay cut off ted , or , it was the united states giving europe the finger .
most senators believed the vice president had always been suspect and it was obvious that the he was not acting in the best interest of the country or its allies , but to contradict him now was futile .
as he sat contemplating the hydra his country faced , the crisis with many heads that consisted first and foremost of his countrys impending war with the middle east followed by the minimum effects and now their greatest ally and friend crumbling to pieces .
as he saw it , each crisis alone was potentially devastating to his country but all three would require drastic and decisive actions immediately .
he had to keep reminding himself that the world was not the same as it was a month ago and that the current crisis was no longer about countries or even about kings and presidents .
the best and perhaps only way to do this , in my country is to bestow title and loyalties .
the duke smiled , equally enjoying veronicas fire , the british crown makes the world its business much like your country used to do back in the day .
hengist stood so as to make his presence and his threat more ominous , my generosity extended to your country will now of necessity have to be removed , as i m sure you can understand .
the spokesman interrupted hengist , my lord , our country needs your favor and support now more than ever .
you can come with us and help us try and restore order to the country instead of exacerbating it .
he then turned to gus , my lord , i beg you to give me and my men leave that we might destroy this army that has taken the life of one of your own and seeks to destroy the liberty of your country .
i m certain that is their plan for your country .
gus did nt speak for several minutes wondering how matt felt about toprak after hearing horsas sincere desires to help them regain control of the country .
the least developed countries have the least amount of damage and the highest survival rates making them the most powerful countries in the world now .
the least developed countries have the least amount of damage and the highest survival rates making them the most powerful countries in the world now .
hengist quickly apologized then continued , our initial plan was to only arouse panic and civil unrest making it easy for the vice president to instill military rule over the country in preparation for our arrival where we would have then awarded a sub - kingdom of sorts upon the vice president .
hengist laughed out loud at his own twisted version of irony and not being able to stand any longer , resumed his seat and continued in a very tired and unemotional tone as if he were very board , then we were also behind the muslim european invasion with the plan of letting them disrupt the european countries while we came in behind and cleaned up .
hengist now spent most of his days running a country rather than planning a war and like most things hengist tried his hand ; he was devastatingly good at it .
they both agreed that the invasion of europe was paramount since the chaos of the minimum created a great opportunity to not only take control of countries but the surviving population would welcome an organized government body to bring order and structure to the ashes of society .
after the senators left the country , hank had led a band of warriors against the remaining toprak soldiers who had escaped the harbinger ignition and destroyed them all and then returned to the clancy ranch .
the country was in a severe recession and the auto industry was almost dead .
it managed the flow of remons global capital around the world ; discreetly shifting money in and out of different countries , on an almost continual basis .
he probably thinks some country is personally waging war against remons global .
we are nt building nuclear power generators in that country .
the globe had a light in the center that radiated out between contours cut in the shape of the continents and major countries .
the quarters consisted of a series of structures of various styles , their architecture determined by the country whose embassy resided within it .
this is a situation , after all , where we have two firms from two different countries partnering together for our mutual interest .
like all countries , china has both good and bad .
i appreciate that china is a very proud country .
regularly forced down the throats of the chinese people regarding the u.s.propaganda that painted the u.s . as an imperialist country to be feared and not to be trusted at any costleonard could nt imagine what they may have fed to members of the chinese intelligence apparatus .
france are undoubtedly trying to regain control of a country that just named itself a monarchy and that syria and turkey are trying to build the empire up again without western influence . ''
` ` protect countries , erm '' ` ` no , the other ones , '' said alston .
it was a rum set of days that followed the storming of the red house but france proves time and time again a sustainable country .
` ` for king and country , '' i said , shifting in my seat .
maybe he s supposed to appreciate the patriotic dcor , join the fucking army when he gets out and fight for the country that locked him up .
alcohol is forbidden in strict muslim countries , but getting a bottle of whiskey is possible if you know the right people .
i do nt blame them myself ; why die for your country when there is nt anything to die for ?
dupuis noted that the president still managed to sit up straight , even with the weight of the country on her shoulders .
jaclyn is about as dedicated to serving her country as a sailor or an infantryman , and even as dedicated as you are , maam .
my fellow americans , that has happened for too long in this country , and it usually happens when the democrats control the white house and capitol hill .
she only wanted to help defend her country and keep it safe from terrorist bastards like bin laden or massouai , and that was why she firmed her defenses in more ways than just one .
drug funds from central america which country it was , i do nt know ; you d have to ask the white house were laundered by bennett and sent to an intermediary .
and we counter that the hospital in question refused to co - operate with a federal investigation that the country is waiting for a result to with bated breath .
but i must put the country above friendships and past working relationships .
the president watched as the top lawyer in the country listened intently to the directors narrative ; kendall had nt thought about bringing hickey in to discuss all of the happenings in boston .
do nt you know there are people in this country who ca nt afford to pay for the rising health care costs ?
seriously mom , the country will be better off when the senate gets rid of him .
so you think the country will be better off if people ca nt pay their bills , go into debt , lose their homes , and have to decide whether or not they can keep the lights on in their homes or put food on their tables ?
the country laid president sarah kendall to rest a week later .
you mean , by allowing this other cartel freedom to transport drugs into our country ?
how did you enter our country ?
i mean real foreign countries !
senor calvin , i have worked for my country for over thirty years , and have been given the greatest responsibility of correcting their political mistakes .
it is important that i know that you are considered one of the most experienced agents of your country , if you wish to call it that .
we have no drug addiction in our country .
it is the corruption of your wealthy country .
some do nt even care about saving your country .
you will pay , or bring dishonor to your country , and at the very least die .
i will not gamble on an international crisis endangering the people of mexico and its relations to any other country .
i am a businessman and you are a respected general of our country , one i have trusted for years .
that s not how dictators get deposed in a communist country .
director cruz ... . melendez leaned over the desk within four inches of cruz , pointing the barrel of his pistol into his eyes , ... you actually had me murder two innocent people , mexican police officers , who were helping us and our country .
your country is grateful for your service .
remember how grateful your country will be .
we ve got you for drugs , guns , and smuggling terrorists in and out of the country .
it can be seen in the unrest in countries in all the countries of africa , the middle east and far east .
van , what would you say is the state of mental health care in this country ?
the second reason is that , just as in the case of autism , the overall belief system in this and other countries is to push mental illness out of the scope of awareness , almost like it does nt exist .
our goal is to restore this country to good health .
china is currently the only country legislating birth control in any meaningful way ; as they should with over one billion citizens .
i can envision some countries in africa ceasing to exist fairly quickly ; then , in time , some better prepared countries will fall into an anarchy system analogous to that of ancient egypt or rome .
i can envision some countries in africa ceasing to exist fairly quickly ; then , in time , some better prepared countries will fall into an anarchy system analogous to that of ancient egypt or rome .
you and i both know the friction between pakistan and india is at fever pitch , and both countries have nuclear warheads .
rahul , i may let you out when the girl is inside our country .
the girl , just eight , mind you , could name every country in the eastern hemisphere , in alphabetical order .
the show host stopped her after she named thirty countries .
it has come to the attention of the prime minister that recent activities you and others orchestrated have caused great embarrassment to our country .
i barely know to this day what all those letters after her name mean , but it does seem to be an excuse to charge rates a developing country would struggle to afford .
everywhere they go the countries always know .
the painting belongs to another country , so to speak , and it might cause some embarrassment .
he had started with the united states and canada before delving into spain , eliminating one country after another .
but up until that point , marty pauses , as he often does , not for effect or even to collect his thoughts , but rather through some kind of internal anti - rhythm , a tic that has him look at the dry erase board over on one wall , festooned with everyones names , up until that point , though , there was a bunch of speculation about - is the church involved , how heavily is our government involved , uh , are there other countries involved .
but these were the things one did for ones country then .
in the second to last presidential election that his formerly great country would ever know , he voted for the smirking jackass , donna continues , in the grave commentators voice jennifer had introduced , the smirking jackass who was not only an idiot , but possibly the worst ever leader elected by a free country .
of course the people voting for these morons will tell you the same thing - good luck convincing them to back an obscure upstart independent , even though that s clearly what this country needs , across the board .
i have to say that s how i pictured the future of the human race : oh , we d achieve world peace , and there d be no countries anymore .
in other countries , maybe , the people do , but not here .
this is rather a problem with people in this country as a whole , three hundred million sets of priorities thrown completely out of whack .
even so , when various dictators from these countries are popping off at the mouth and stockpiling nuclear components , it was nt as if either of the pacifics twin naval fleets ever contributed anything to this discussion .
certainly no other midsized market paper in the country is dispatching an on the scene reporter to the war .
so clearly it made total sense to anoint him the grand poobah of this very cabinet for the entire goddamn country .
these corporations are running away with our country .
or are we at the mercy of some foreign country ?
70 % of the jobs in the country were automobile related .
the casual manner in which future military applications were being tried out leads her to believe that the situation is confined to america alone , that this country still entertains hopes of wars to wage against others , it is nt a worldwide conspiracy .
but there s no reason why you re required to take , like , 13 years of frigging science classes , but could easily graduate without having the first clue about how to balance a checkbook , or the way the various tax loopholes work in this country .
they could blow his brains out just around the next corner , vaporize him into nothingness in the manner 99 % of the country had apparently disappeared .
openly hostile countries with nuclear capabilities ignoring our admittedly toothless united nations sanctions .
the current presidents or prime ministers or kings or chieftains of at least half a dozen other countries , just at first glance .
he managed to follow what was happening in the on - going rounds of elections in the country through reading the newspaper and discussions with the other law students .
they took it in turns to batter my country and then they met in the middle and shook hands with each other .
the country has no money , no food , and soon , no government .
the last straw came as our president began selling portions of the country to those foreign countries holding our enormous debt .
the last straw came as our president began selling portions of the country to those foreign countries holding our enormous debt .
little sovereign countries were allowed to form inside the states without any legal recourse .
this new country needs help replacing the workforce needed to harvest its resources and maintain military stability .
these band of countries were preparing to verge from all four directions of the compass .
all the chaos scared most sovereign countries into gladly surrendering their freedoms and pledging their alliance to trinity .
trinity started using its newly acquired arsenals by dropping nuclear bombs on non complying countries .
some bombs were detonated in the air over these countries .
and since the lions share of profits from those upstart countries will now be flowing into the cabals coffers , those economies will be allowed to improve .
this project is the sort of stuff that would draw the attention of countries .
it never had for any country , people , or empire .
i think we are fighting for our country this time instead of some petty burglar .
it was good to serve my country , but i know now that there are more efficient ways to do so , especially now that the terrorist organization that we bled to eradicate is now taking iraq back over .
politicians will never save this country .
we may not even have a country for him to be president over .
your country has become the victim of an electro - magnetic pulse that is produced by a nuclear explosion .
do nt you think they are launched by now at our beloved country ?
there , surrounded by students from many other countries , he discovered other tongues making sense to him within weeks of an initial introduction .
there was only one way to eliminate the people that were truly evil from the country .
the shelves were lined with books about war and politics ; giving him insight into the great minds that once protected the country .
this will be a costly project , but will benefit the country in the end .
you have been recruited to serve your country .
look , if we sever the reapers connection with the masons , that s a few less people helping him inside our country .
our message was broadcasted to the country .
the anchor sat in stilled silence ; thumbing for the words to describe what they just watched along with the rest of the country .
chapter 67 arcana rushed back to his office after ordering the video to air across the country .
i had been working on my own project instead a facebook project called latina ginas -- a competition to see which country could be best represented on three different facebook profiles of me .
there is a reason bribery is popular in developing countries .
i did nt want to choose a country just for the money .
mathew , please do nt take this as if i am passing judgment , but my limited experience here has taught me to exercise caution before considering engaging in activities contrary to the law in countries such as this .
the hotel had hosted events that had helped shape the country .
she 'd spent the rest of her day screening phone calls from media around the country , wanting to interview her .
every television station , newspaper and magazine in the country wanted an exclusive interview .
you think that paul verize is going to return to teaching after the entire country called him the ' paul - verizer ' ?
used to be a janitor there in the courthouse , but the country retired me five years back .
we lost 45 states , nearly 400 house seats , and almost every governorship and state legislature in the country .
politicians across the country are caught off guard .
there are the environmentalists , greens , global warming and renewable energy crowd who want to completely shut down coal , oil , nuclear and natural gas energy production and run the country on windmills , solar panels , tides and wood chips .
the battle , stripped of its rhetoric , is essentially a welfare benefits bidding match , pandering to the consensus , shared by more than half the country , that the remainder owed them a living .
the country is running on nothing but increasingly worthless paper .
so , looking over what 's been done in the past , in my opinion , what this country really needs is for the government to step up and do its part .
they ' ve been securing deals for natural resources with countries all over asia , africa and south america as a result . ''
` ` since most international debts are denominated in u.s . dollars , if they make the dollar worthless , they blow up the debt of lots of other countries .
this will let the countries in question wipe their balance sheets clean . ''
so , basically , by destroying the u.s . dollar as the world 's reserve currency , they gain the gratitude and loyalty of many third world countries and , ultimately , cheap access to their natural resources and , at the same time , they crush the large european and american money center banks .
also present are the principle news show anchors , the heads of the primary wire services , the editors of the largest newspapers in the country , and several of the best known commentators , web bloggers and reporters .
the globe uses these to set the up the day 's agenda in it 's print and online editions and this is , as you know , mostly followed by other papers and outlets around the country .
in several countries , a significant number of soldiers are deserting and asking for refugee status which , for the most part , is being granted .
a number of countries that depended on our foreign aid are no longer friendly territory .
` ` well , david , most are treating the writ as a ploy to distract attention from the real needs of the country .
my sources on capitol hill tell me that the senate will ignore the writ and continue to protect our country from what is nothing but an obvious tea bagger plot to grab power . ''
the country now has two competing power centers .
as the negotiations drag on , a jittery calm settles across the country .
since when do people in this country get information we have n't approved of ?
we can not let the government of this country slide back into some eighteenth century , town hall democracy run by a bunch of hicks , rednecks and yahoos .
` ` basically , they disenfranchised most of the country as a result .
the country will totally breakup in civil war .
` ` yeah , but the days of running the country on blackmail , intimidation , bogus irs audits and midnight battering ram raids are over .
become a country governed by committees of benign overlords appointed by a super senate of experts who , in turn , are appointed by the new president .
` ` so , in other words , the country will be run the same way college campuses have been run for years ? ''
they began to theorize that a country this size , in the modern age , could n't be run as an eighteenth century republic with a constitution that permitted what they thought were wrong outcomes .
she 'll declare marshal law , hit the internet kill switch , and order a shutdown of all non - approved communications nationwide , saying that she 's doing it to protect the country from a radical , anti - progressive coup . ''
munson will have the full attention of the country .
if we do not , the country will devolve further into popular mob rule . ''
our country is disintegrating and strife is everywhere . ''
within ten minutes , ninety percent of a shocked country is either watching or listening .
you will now see and hear , with your own eyes and ears , proof that this plot originated and was authorized by hillary dewitt for the express purpose of taking dictatorial control of this country and eliminating all opposition , most particularly , the constitutional convention . ''
the entire battle is captured and uploaded in real time and seen by nearly the entire country .
the funny thing was , when the entire country hated her , it made her less likely to want to push people away .
there she went , the woman of his dreams : the rich girl whose family had paid the tuition for weathering preparatory academy without even noticing , when he 'd had to scrape and beg for every scholarship he could find , the athlete who could have gone to the olympics , when he treasured his three minutes of actual varsity playing time on the high school basketball team , the professor of political science whose father halfway ran the country , when he struggled every day to get government sources to talk to him .
lance reeder has the whole country believing that i killed the most popular politician in recent memory the guy who was finally going to restore honesty and integrity to washington , and as far as the press and the people know , i murdered him .
even if i clear my name , ill live out my life with most of the country believing it was a cia conspiracy that got me off , and that i should have sat in the electric chair . ''
all countries look the same under war .
11 as the ceo for jaric securities , i am well aware that the companies with the highest productivity are strongest on so many levels , and the same is true for countries and that is why engaging the unemployed and undervalued through art is , in my estimation , a tremendously worthwhile project , worthy of whatever help may be forthcoming .
first dates are nt a crime in any country that stocks lipstick .
have minorities in this land , especially in comparison to how smaller factions are treated by majorities in other countries , been treated any worse throughout history than anyone else ?
there are three questions that every person of color in this country wants to know .
you re past ties to pandora , the way you lead your personal life , everything that encompasses you presents a clear and present danger to the honorable men and women who still serve their country through this bureau .
i ve read both of thomas peppers books on race relations in this country .
every action i ordered served a greater peace , a greater security for the country i served and the country i still love .
they are traitors to their country and to us as an agency .
there are three questions that every person of color in this country wants answered .
some in tonights web audience would argue that a dominant race , a race that both you and i belong to , have diligently , and sometimes forcefully attempted to keep the prominent minority in this country disadvantaged , if not oppressed ?
thomas knew hundreds of law enforcement across the country , this good cop / bad copy routine was nt a new thing , but the way it was playing out was something else entirely .
they betrayed their agency , their country by helping a known terrorist escape .
now look at what countries are covered .
` ` ... ... .so the federal budget is primarily aimed at bringing almost half of the country 's population above the dreaded poverty line ... ... '' mistake .
` ` ... ... ... if we consider two dollars the minimum daily wage then ninety million people live below the poverty line , so we will launch many new schemes to help the needy , provide soft loans to unemployed youths and assist students to gain the qualifications the country so badly needs .
and , following the agreements signed in new york and london , the country will now stand to benefit from international aid specifically targeted at these groups . ''
we were exporting to over seventy countries and had subsidiaries in singapore and south africa and a new joint venture just going in china that had taken the best part of a year to resolve the details .
look at the state of countries where much of the so - called economic aid goes .
is some charitable assistance good for some countries ?
i thought the role was co - ordination with host countries not pro - active investigation and intelligence gathering . ''
fraudsters stealing usaid money also steal other countries aid money .
why , for instance , even think about giving aid to a country for improving the skills of unemployed youths when that country does n't have any jobs to offer .
why , for instance , even think about giving aid to a country for improving the skills of unemployed youths when that country does n't have any jobs to offer .
now , this country was the first to start these experiments and we have every reason to believe that we are still a long way ahead of any other country in its development and application to war .
they found poor old stephenson and probably beat him up to get some information from himthe way his face was battered confirms thatand then shot him to stop any information getting back to this country .
you know as well as i do that in all our history this country has never been in such a grave position before .
you see , giselle , so much depends on it for both our countries .
after six decades the ak model remains the most widely used and popular assault rifle on planet earth , because of durability , low cost , and ease of use as well as being manufactured in many , many , many foreign countries .
the coats of arms in the foreign countries of zimbabwe and east timor both use the ak-47 gun symbol .
do you realize what better position we would be in today facing down our enemies if lavelle were the first or even second in command of the country ?
thomas pepper draws close , dangerously close to discovering the answers to the three questions that everyone in the country wants to know .
she also increasingly consulted with government think tanks on the impact of fundamentalist religion in the country .
it had been a life they had both loved , defending their country together .
ernestine asked you to find the questions to the three questions that every man of colorwhat most people in this country wants to know : who killed president adolphus sweet , who is the caretaker , and what is the whirlwind ?
i called the director of the center for disease control here in atlanta which you and i both know is the first line of defense for this country in any war against any disease .
thomas , we sit at the doorstep of an extraordinary moment in race relations in the history of this country .
any misstep and this country risked looking at a full scale racial episode of the likes that it had never seen before .
after eight and half kilometers a billboard which read welcome to ghetto appeared , he went past the airport , then the stadium which was still in construction , the stadium was dimmed to be good and the best in the country , indeed a good achievement for the sporting sector , but some speculations in some local news papers indicated that the stadium , was tearing apart and was far off from completion , and that was really bad , and some even indicated that the constructor got no relevant background on constructions of infrastructure of that caliber , one have to wonder how the issuing of the tender was done , maybe is high time some auditing is done and a proper report is given to the nation , the country is turning into something else , nepotism and improper awarding of tenders had be a piece of the procedure , he thought .
he has a major security threat planned to the country and i was asked to find out who by planting surveillance devices .
this is a vital job for this country 's government .
there were planes and ships and people in other countries .
he , like the entire country , now knew that kieron was missing .
what other countries did you visit ?
it 's all about racial discrimination in this country anymore . ''
between our two countries , i feel a solution is closer than you might think . ''
we are going to achieve unity as a community as a country .
have you forgotten that mayor johnson , a once valued member of your circle , recruited me to answer the three questions that every person of color in this country wanted to know ?
no one in this country can deny that racism still exist here even after the election of a black president into their white house .
your father , isaac prince , is one of the answers that every person of color in this country wants to know .
but this was not the first time attacks have been carried out on the american embassies in these two countries .
paul williams paid off the property and made a bundle during the second world war when the government allowed a ninety cent on the dollar tax write - off for companies who could help supply the country with oil .
we wish to demonstrate that our country has the will and the capacity to handle its own affairs in an appropriate and responsible manner .
the bartender on duty has worked in several countries that i am interested in .
right , we are nt a popular country .
in countries with more factions , there are more sections .
this boston facility is linked to four other alzheimers labs in other countries , including the u.k . , france , australia , and canada .
these countries are , of course , the same countries whose alzheimers laboratories have recently claimed to have found a cure for the disease .
these countries are , of course , the same countries whose alzheimers laboratories have recently claimed to have found a cure for the disease .
later that night , the media continues its coverage of the coalitions island this is ryan tilley reporting for cns news with the latest developments on that mysterious island in the pacific that was recently acquired by a coalition of five countries .
you usually ca nt get five countries to agree on anything , and for them to agree and act this quickly without so much as a peep of what they re up to , means they were fully committed from the get go .
the party has assured the citizens that this move has not weakened the country , and as of 10:00 p.m. at the swearing in of vincent moreau , it was business as usual .
grinning , president shepherd walks into the room and says , amazing how quickly five countries can build a laboratory and an air strip .
other special operation units across the country have also been secured for this unknown mission .
she just implied that he d refuse to respond when his country asked for his help .
that he d let his country down and ignore his lifelong dedication to god , country , and family .
that he d try to teach the government some kind of misguided lesson at the expense of his honor , after he d already served his country so valiantly and given up any hope of a normal life after being dropped into that hellhole as a young man .
these are maps showing where the tigers are located in each of the countries .
your countries are very grateful .
we ve been cleared for airspace and landing strips in all the countries i listed .
president shepherd says , ironically , the u.s . had to borrow money from china to pay the other countries for their tigers .
in response to some recent rumors regarding the cost of the coalitions tiger island , president shepherd issued a statement today in which he disclosed the amounts that were paid to the native countries as compensation for their tigers .
however , many insiders say that we could have negotiated a better price from these countries , given that this is a worldwide humanitarian effort .
president bauer was quoted as saying , every country should be very worried right now .
pamela continues her report , besides president bauer , there has been more backlash from other countries around the world , all condemning the u.s . for conducting these viral experiments .
many other countries across the globe will be receiving the live broadcast , with translators at the ready .
we are still in the process of investigating this incident , but we believe that mr . hutchins conducted unauthorized experiments and created some type of new virus , which he may then have transported to other countries .
that is , prompting scientists in other countries , such as north korea or iran , to conduct their own search for a virus like the one he created ?
one of the reporters shouts , will our governments scientists focus on creating vaccines , in the event that hostile countries are able to find what mr . hutchins found ?
were hoping other countries realize how dangerous this technology is and there wo nt be a need for any vaccines , schultz replies .
i would also like to assure the people of the united states , and the world , that there will be no further experiments of this nature conducted within the walls of this country .
i ask for your patience while we continue to investigate this security breach and provide assistance to the countries affected in whatever capacity we can .
the united nations lack of action is what prompts countries like north korea to brag about a nuclear warhead that can reach new york city .
this is an extremely volatile situation for the u.s . and russia , as both countries try to find answers .
in other world news , we have an update regarding the five alzheimers institutes who received the mysterious compound m. as you know , the five countries where the institutes are located joined together and are referred to as the coalition .
for those of you thinking the lottery was fixed , seven of the patients are from third world countries , including haiti , bangladesh , and madagascar , and there s even a patient from the solomon islands .
its no secret that tension has been building between the two countries , and this surprise move by president shepherd will hopefully ease that tension .
she says , well , there are some countries that depend on the shark for food or income .
it would be difficult to implement regulations and sanctions on fisheries in those countries .
the museum had given him a small , corner office that seemed to fit him to a t. the tiny space was crammed with books on art history from every country and in a few languages .
after a pause while we both thought she added : do you know which country the book was published in ?
it quickly became clear that there are vast shale rock reserves over the whole area of europe , and if other countries began developing these reserves , the price of gas would collapse , and putin was selling gas at four times the cost of production .
once it did so successfully , all the other eu countries would see that disaster did not follow , as russia promised it would .
whatever country they were being posted to .
he sent an email marked very urgent , to all the svr offices of countries bordering the baltic .
no other country in the western world had a leader who had an eighty five percent popularity rating .
the whole damn country is going to pot .
sadly the hatred and persecution against us in some countries has of late spilt over into our own country .
there was icy silence in front of television screens around the country .
the actions of a single , deranged individual can not be used to blacken an entire community who have been part of our country for many years .
or could protests even spread to other parts of the country and even turn violent ?
this country once had powerful blasphemy laws .
just be assured that you have been of great help to us and to both our countries .
you must have at your disposal the whole of the secret services of a number of countries including yours and ours ?
one of my projects was to assess the possible consequences of exactly that type of attack on our country .
it ll probably cause something terrible to happen to this country .
the people you see eating with us every day , will be the ones leading this country in the years to come .
my delivery was flawless , as always , and it appeared to have excited a lot of conversation , especially the idea of letting other countries shoulder the risk for our farmers .
your citizenship with said country will certainly not buy you any sympathy with me .
he shrugged his shoulders and said , but still , we have to follow our orders - for king and country .
i know that it sounds cruel , but after you ' ve been in a fight for a country that showed so little gratitude , you feel the urge to get back somehow .
it took some time , but we came to an agreement that will be beneficial to both our countries .
yes , i agree that there is no political interest that these concepts in germany now - he laughs hollowly but it 's not so long ago that countries such as the us required compulsory sterilisation of degenerate citizens , and india is of course very used to deselecting female children .
he works hard for this country . ''
he glanced back at the rows of observers , who were mostly un officials with a sprinkling of military officers from neutral countries .
` ` that 's game with a capitol ' g ' , '' tony answered , ` ` yeah , there 's a lot of opposition in this country , and some other countries , too .
` ` that 's game with a capitol ' g ' , '' tony answered , ` ` yeah , there 's a lot of opposition in this country , and some other countries , too .
then there are the ' true patriots ' , people who think that real men and real countries do n't play games . ''
now they 're afraid of a backlash in this country if japan wins the game . ''
and now , of course , against the criminals who have put the welfare of our country in the hands of game players . ''
` ` someone has tilted the playing field , '' frank said , ` ` and if we do lose big - as big as it looks like we 're going to lose - it will cost this country a great deal .
serving the country , saving it from the spineless liberals .
` ` there are powerful people in this country opposed to the game , and i think john got crossways with them . ''
` ` those in the highest office today , '' the senator intoned , ` ` have placed the fate of this country in the hands of video game players .
` ` the country needs you , senator , you must lead the fight against the corrupt , effeminate liberals who are selling us out to the japanese and other asians ... . '' ` ` oh , helen , i ' m afraid we ' ve lost this round ... . '' ` ` we have n't lost , not yet .
together we can turn the country from decadence , bring back the bravery and determination .
there must be a solution , she thought , it was up to her to save the country , and she had to figure out how to do it .
you still have a country to save .
` ` oh , you 're going to help me save the country , '' helen said , waving her gun toward the door .
` ` you 're a traitor , '' helen answered , ` ` you 're working against me , trying to keep me from saving the country .
` ` no , '' the older man answers , ` ` i have failed , and my failure has brought disgrace upon our country .
the truth was you do nt marry a country , a people , a foreign policy .
back home , half the country have let themselves become pawns .
businesses did not survive under such a punitive legal system , and they fled to other countries , taking the jobs and wealth with them .
can you lead this great country after a coup d'tat and prevent a civil war from breaking out ?
an empire conquers other countries .
its just that i dedicated my life to this country .
finally , candidate b does not mind sending troops to a foreign country to establish order or enhance national security .
germany was a developed european country .
if these countries broke apart , then the whole tv industry shuts down because the factories could nt get the parts they needed .
bring law and order to a country riddled in violence and drug wars .
that cd has a legal system for a new country with a balance of powers between the federal , state , and local governments , a fair tax system , and strong rights for citizens and businesses .
however , i can only guarantee five army bases and about 200,000 soldiers , but if your plan fails , then we would plunge our country into a bloody civil war .
to relocate our factories in developing countries .
something this simple can topple the worlds largest and greatest country in the world .
thus , i welcome the rich capitalists to our country again .
the united states became a pro - business country again , just as president davis had promised .
many countries remain in a state of shock .
last thing i need is an outside country to interfere with us .
the canadians did nt have a large military , but they stationed troops from other countries .
a half - mile bridge connected the two countries on the northern tip of lake ontario .
three countries struck at the empire in the south .
we could take several countries but only temporarily .
further , the provinces are not allowed to build up a military or station troops from a foreign country .
a president is like a king ; he leads a country .
we can not let their countries erupt into chaos and violence that would immensely increase the development costs .
ca nt we counterfeit other countries ' money like the euro , the chinese yuan , or the russian ruble , or have hackers open bank accounts in those countries .
ca nt we counterfeit other countries ' money like the euro , the chinese yuan , or the russian ruble , or have hackers open bank accounts in those countries .
finally , we use dealers in small countries like cyprus , greece , and turkey to buy the equipment and materials and deliver the materials to us in their ships .
first , find some of those small countries and enter agreements with them .
they think construction jobs will be plentiful for a long time because the blasted empire will add more countries in south america .
then he answered , an empire is a country with a strong military that adds more land and people from conquered countries .
then he answered , an empire is a country with a strong military that adds more land and people from conquered countries .
he kept these last two countries as a gift .
brazil formed their own district ; mexico and spanish - speaking countries became the second district while the third district became the english - speaking people of the former united states .
worlds leaders put their countries and militaries on red alert as they waited for the first signs of the american empires ships to appear on the horizon .
add those countries to the empire .
without him , the united states would have collapsed into a third - world country after the 2026 hyperinflation .
in time , the empire would own the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) .
suffice to say both our countries are keen to get this gentleman in our clutches .
he had responded like any subcontractor would , protective of his workers , skeptical of unfounded accusations and savvy to the law enforcement challenges of a rebuilding country .
i mean , they do some investigation , but mostly they liaison between countries .
he says something about how oil wealth can be a curse for a country and how he wants to avoid the petroleum disease .
the country had experienced two coups since 2003 , yet de marazul , the man in charge then , still held power .
he was in the middle of one his canned talks for a corporate workshop , explaining how his department managed training for local law enforcement institutions in host countries .
he was indoctrinating them on some of the more difficult and disturbing aspects of working in developing countries .
many countries .
i think your country is better off without the oil .
all these people you help in all these countries .
he traveled the world on missions for his country .
he had served his country honorably , receiving the medal of honor in iraq .
he s been in the marines and stationed in some pretty dangerous countries around the world .
i then quickly explained that if we were a sovereign country , then we are not governed by the laws of some other place , so although we have similar rights , we do n't have miranda rights . '
in this country , last i checked , an accused is presumed innocent until proven guilty .
` ` even though we live in a country where a person is innocent until proven guilty and even though we live in a country where bail is not to be denied without just cause , the fact remains that mr . ravenwood is accused of committing 1st degree murder .
the public is outraged at this and how easy it is in this country to receive bail .
the court needs to send a message to canadians , that while they recognize the presumption of innocence , that public safety demands the accused not be allowed to inflict harm to the justice system in this country .
this is the standard of proof that we have in this country , and the only thing that you can consider when determining the innocence or guilt of the accused .
how was he able to run this country at the same time ? ''
hundreds of professional articles in all fields of finance and economics , and numerous articles dealing with geopolitical and political economic issues published in both print and web periodicals in many countries .
maybe he was biding his time , waiting for germany to get mightier and less dependent on other countries .
- mused dan - ` ` that 's 204 or 420 , depending on the country .
they provided safe houses , transportation , forged documents , visas from friendly countries , and contact with loved ones back home . ''
we made preparations : the cia and , later , nato together with the secret services of the countries of western europe .
other countries gave them different designations : lok in greece , p26 and p27 in switzerland , absalon in denmark and so on . ''
in some countries we completely lost control over them .
- soothed him preston - ` ` the ss established such homes in quite a few occupied countries , most notably poland and norway .
` ` every country has preventive custody concentration camps : the british , the americans , the russians .
he leans forward , removes his silver - rimmed monocle and carefully places it in a velvet - padded case : ` ` granted , it is false to say that jews are first and foremost jews and only then are they the loyal citizens of their respective countries .
there were two countries in the americas .
the first was called the nephites who were peaceful people and who protected the stones from the other country .
the other country called themselves the lamanites and hated the nephites .
so the soldier who murders in the name of his country is wrong , then ?
why is it that when someone tries to take over a country and fails , they are a traitor ; but when one tries and succeeds , he is a national hero , a king , a brilliant man ?
he prided himself on having visited over fifty - two countries and domestically hit almost every region of the united states .
to each country well only give them the safe areas on their own land and they can decide from there .
they wish to rule what is left in the aftermath and create one unified country over the whole world .
it would then be up to the specific countries to keep their safe zones a secret .
the earth was always changing and countries and cultures rose and fell with its movements .
i intend to give each country its so - called safe zones once the rose has been deciphered .
and that information will be given only to that countries leaders and no other .
my question would be , what if all the countries stay the same and move forward like we are now .
and that s to forget our corrupt governments and idiotic loyalties to countries gone bad .
when you give all the locations out to those countries that own the land , where will you go ?
what i know is that vitori wants to give each country their place and sieb wants the us to control everything in private .
we have no crime like in your country .
international relations , pre - glasnost , between the united states and the soviet union were still frosty , and many americans still viewed the communist superpower with the same suspicions that had been responsible for almost bringing the two countries to the brink of war over the cuban missile crisis , over two decades before .
brinkmanship and diplomatic posturing had been the main dialogue between the two countries during the cold war years , and economic and technological achievements , particularly in the space race , but in all aspects of building and manufacturing as well , were areas of intense competition between the two rival colossuses .
7 ) aircraft disinfection fact : many countries require the interior cabin of an aircraft to be disinfected against vector - borne diseases , such as yellow fever and malaria , and also sprayed with insecticide to kill off non - indigenous pests that may prove harmful to local agriculture .
the stamps and visas in martins passport read like a gazetteer of the worlds countries , including several that only garnets privileged financial position had permitted entry to .
the concept of self - reliance appeared to be a sound proposition when it was applied to a country as a whole - particularly one that was functioning well economically - the situation where a country had no need to trade with its neighbours for its own well - being was an almost utopian ideal .
when the same concept is applied to individuals , though , in a country not performing to such high standards , the ideal is more pernicious .
kim il sung had been succeeded by his son kim jong il , the blatant feudalism of the succession upsetting only the most ardent observers of marxist theory , none of whom publicly felt able to voice their dissent ; and rule of the country had passed from the great leader to the dear leader .
the only problem that had held back this manufacturing giant was the lack of countries to trade with : the combination of sanctions and the juche ideology did not make for a spirit of international co - operation , and exports , and the important revenue that they provided , were practically non - existent .
the final political obstacle preventing north koreas repatriation with the rest of the world was overcome in 2003 , and the president of the world bank declared the end of north koreas debt , and the presidents of the two divided countries shook hands at the ceremonial creation of the new korea : not a unified country - new and south still remaining as separately governed nations - but a country , at least , assimilated back into the global conscience .
scratch beneath the surface of the booming economy and enviable trade figures and it was apparent that they were only achieved at continuing expense of the itinerant population , the majority of whom still lived way below the standard of living attained by their contemporaries both in the west and in other asian countries , and decades of oppression and the relentless subjection to propaganda on the public psyche could not be dispatched so easily as could the missiles that had , inadvertently , resulted in the changing fortunes of the new state .
the new garnet was barely less unreconstructed than was the new korea : he cared not a jot for the welfare of the local population ; people were to him little more than labourers , just another line on a budget sheet of profit and loss , they each had a price , and it just so happened , to his good fortune , that the price of labour in new korea was substantially lower than in equivalently developed countries .
the text went on to proudly proclaim that over 100 million practitioners in over 40 different countries had discovered falun dafa since its establishment - impressive stuff , i thought - and a regular gathering of a downtown branch of falun dafa took place in roosevelt park , only a stones throw away from my own apartment .
the majority of people in the larger , industrial countries will have travelled on board an aircraft at least once in their lifetime , many will have travelled on numerous occasions , thinking no more of each journey than their forebears would have thought about a simple stroll around their own neighbourhood .
first , countries with a z .
martin racked his brains for the names of some more countries .
into this melting pot of tension , and conversely through martins agitated brain , were thrown the names of the few neighbouring countries each trying to claim a stake in the region at war : rwanda ; burundi ; uganda ; zimbabwe - and also the names of the mineral resources which gave the fighting its cause , if not its reason : copper ; cobalt ; diamonds .
from a standing start , in the space of less than one year , mancala the company , had established for itself a secure position amongst the most profitable global multinationals ; it was listed on the nyse * ; and had offices in twenty three countries world - wide , with a magnificent hq based in new york and , bizarrely enough , an east asian base located on the top six storeys of the wendelson building in pyongyang .
both a resource and a ruin for a country .
congo caviar - the expression commonly used to describe the countrys mineral wealth - has long been a prize that both its immediate neighbours and the larger , economically powerful nations of the western world have considered a booty worth fighting over and , for the global corporation , a destabilised congo , ruled by corrupt and purchasable regimes , is a more attractive trading proposition than a legitimate , well - run country , demanding market - prices for its valuable exports .
leaving aside the well documented instances of infectious diseases being rapidly transmitted from country to country by the agency of the ubiquitous plane , these are now so commonplace as almost to be regarded as a habitual risk of travel , and the names - sars , ebola , rixs-2 - no longer evoke the same terror that they once did , but consider , if you will , just the terminology of the airport buildings , and you will see that any would - be traveller of the skies , has a perfect right to feel afraid .
as he watched the towers burn on that horrible morning , all he could think was that he had let his country down .
the hangman jury of his peers did nt know the lengths dash naqui had gone to keep his country safe , nor did they care .
rutherford respected the father of his country , admiring him as a courageous soldier and leader , but doubted washington would have been an effective intelligence officer with such a philosophy .
were one of the leading security companies in the country .
i m not the one who has been questioning his faith in his country , he shot back in a loud whisper .
in the 1980s it was eastern bloc countries and middle eastern nations like libya and iraq .
you did a disservice to your country , laroche fired away , picking up where they d left off at the hearings .
each country seemed to have a different idea of what jezebel looked like .
he did find a couple of posts where they were generically mentioned as a country that might be pursuing biological weapons of mass destruction but it was overwhelmingly middle eastern dominated , especially focused on iraq .
what is the capacity of our smallpox vaccination supply in the country today ?
this housing market and all the government bailouts are going to be with the country for the next few generations .
the government of this country has been out to lunch for the past forty plus years claire .
anger rising , he mentioned the fact that people should nt talk about war unless they ve served their country in some capacity other than sitting on their asses and bitching about it .
we will skip from country to country , shedding identities and leaving false leads as we go .
bill thought of the current economic conditions in the country and knew that something like a smallpox outbreak would cause the country to panic and potentially collapse .
maybe they could even make a single bad batch for the government leaders and then vaccinate the rest of the country with the real vaccine , which would leave a huge hole in leadership and a very clear message .
the best method appeared to be hosting your site in a country that would nt share information with the u.s . government and mentioned china , india , africa and the old standbys in eastern europe .
even if darren could trace him to one country that did nt share information , there was little chance he could do it through three or four .
despite all of the death , there was some encouraging news and additional information that made it seem like they d contained it to the country .
we ve probably dodged the proverbial bullet this time jane but this new strain is in the wild and the united states government had better be working on a vaccination before the country collapses from panic .
the president was out of the country so they would start with the cabinet and then move to the senate and house , which would take most of the day today .
we have found a way to unlock the treasures of the mind , and soon every man , woman , and child of this country will be able to harness the full ability of the finest thinkers of all time .
he considered it his patriotic duty to maintain the balance of the country by keeping this a secret .
for the sake of his country , its economy , its decency , pazzo expunged the background of lucas perth so that no junior investigator would stumble across the link to talbot .
his blueprints for the tesla machine are already leaked to a dozen other countries , all of whom have their own replicas of ling .
they made a killing after world war two , probably dealing in works hitler stole from the jews and every other country he ravaged .
that 's like trying to hide a country .
` ` it 's how every illegal immigrant in this country makes rent , honey .
grace brookstein 's a walking embodiment of everything this country 's trying to forget .
he had once controlled a business empire worth more than the gross national product of some countries .
the church may not be burning scientists at the stake anymore , but if you think they ' ve released their reign over science , ask yourself why half the schools in your country are not allowed to teach evolution .
langdon studied commander olivetti across the room , realizing he was actually the commander in chief of the armed forces of an entire country .
it was home to scientists from over a dozen countries .
you 'd be selling out your country . ''
neither is a crime in this country . '
symbologists often remarked that france - a country renowned for machismo , womanizing , and diminutive insecure leaders like napoleon and pepin the short - could not have chosen a more apt national emblem than a thousand - foot phallus .
leigh teabing was wealthy in the way small countries were wealthy .
the senator had lost rachel 's years ago , but he was quickly gaining the country 's .
runaway government spending is putting this country deeper in debt every day , and americans are starting to realize that it 's time to stop spending and start mending . ''
when the president flew to other countries to meet heads of state , he often requested - for security purposes - that the meeting take place on the runway aboard his jet .
he explained that the space station was originally proposed as a joint venture , with twelve countries sharing the costs .
but after construction began , the station 's budget spiraled wildly out of control , and many countries dropped out in disgust .
her new information about last week 's secret meeting between the nasa administrator and the president certainly suggested more nasa troubles were brewing - perhaps another country pulling funding from the space station .
the recent string of nasa errors had been so unbearable that one either had to laugh or cry - satellites that disintegrated in orbit , space probes that never called home , the international space station budget rising tenfold and member countries bailing out like rats from a sinking ship .
some of nasa 's finest technologies - high - resolution lenses for satellite telescopes , long - range communications systems , and radio imaging devices - had a nasty habit of appearing in the intelligence arsenal of hostile countries and being used to spy against us .
tench obviously had something to learn about the demographics of this country .
40 gabrielle ashe had taken the white house public tour many times in her youth , secretly dreaming of someday working inside the presidential mansion and becoming part of the elite team that charted the country 's future .
` ` it 's a negative for the country .
a signed statement gives us the leverage we need to deal with the senator quietly , sparing the country this ugly mess .
rachel would have preferred blissful ignorance , but her knowledge of i m weaponry instantly led her to a sole chilling conclusion : they were being attacked by some kind of u.s . special ops force , the only forces in the country currently cleared to use these experimental i m weapons in the field .
in a country that spent $ 185 billion a year on advertising , not one advertising dollar ever found its way into the coffers of private space companies .
` ` my company hopes to stay in business long enough to launch the country 's first tourist - shuttle prototype next may .
and granted , a bribery investigation would be bad for the country .
they 're a delicacy in most countries . ''
nasa has to toot its own horn , cut corners on security measures , run joint projects with other countries so they can share the price tag .
the country needs this meteorite .
you ' ve put your country at risk . ''
they said we want a better country than this .
now we 're unified and we 're going to take our country back .
you know where the government of this country really is ? ''
` ` there are sixty - six million gun owners in this country , '' dexter said .
in a country where laws are flaunted and those who flaunt them are often glamorized , the pursuit by the police was the dominant topic whenever two or more panthers got together .
` ` it 's a free country , '' brewer said .
` ` does one of those countries speak french ? ''
some guy left on a short - notice business trip , grabbed his passport from the drawer , and he 'd been through six separate countries before he realized it was his wife 's passport that he had grabbed . ''
` ` it 's a free country , '' i said .
apparently a president was killed in this country more than forty years ago and people like them still claim that the real truth has not yet been uncovered . ''
now he could only think of her treachery to the service and to her country and of the damage it had done .
but then so 's international politics , diplomacy - all the trappings of nationalism and the power complex that goes on between countries .
this is a private battle between two trained armies , one fighting on the side of law and of what his own country thinks is right , and one belonging to the enemies of these things . ''
' i do n't think it would be too much to say , gentlemen , that if such an attack could be launched , and it can only be countered by slaughtering the poultry and animals and burning the crops , we would be a bankrupt country within a matter of months .
after the show , the virus gets carried off all over the country by the exhibits . '
am i right in thinking that you conclude that this man blofeld is mounting biological warfare against this country ? '
give him something that really matters to his country .
something that may pay off for the country in ten , twenty years .
text begins : in amplification of number ones published speech to the supreme soviet on september first this confirms that we are in possession of the two hundred megaton weapon and that a test firing will take place on september twentieth at high altitude in the novaya zemlya area stop considerable fallout can be expected and public outcry can be anticipated in the arctic , north pacific and alaskan areas stop this should be countered and will be countered from moscow by reference to the more recent tests by america and to number ones repeated demands for an end to tests of nuclear fission weapons of offence which have successively been rebuffed stop for information the delivery of one such weapon by icbm on london would destroy all life and property south of a line drawn between newcastle and carlisle stop it follows that a second missile dropped in the neighbourhood of aberdeen would inevitably result in the total destruction of britain and all ireland stop this fact will shortly be employed by number one as the teeth in a diplomatic demarche designed to achieve the removal of all american bases and offensive weapons from britain and the nuclear disarmament of britain itself stop this will test to the uttermost and probably destroy the anglo hyphen american alliance since it can be assumed that america will not risk a nuclear war involving her territory for the sake of rescuing a now more or less valueless ally dash an ally now openly regarded in washington as of little more account than belgium or italy stop if this diplomatic demarche comma which must of course be categorized as carrying some degree of risk comma is successful it follows that similar demarches will be undertaken in europe and later in the pacific area comma individual countries being singled out one by one for terrorization and demoralization stop the final fruits of this grand stratagem if successful will guarantee the security of the ussr for the foreseeable future and ultimately result in peaceful coexistence with america stop peaceful intent of the ussr will therefore be emphasized throughout by number one and by all government agencies stop this line of reasoning you will also follow should your station be at any time involved or affected stop informatively all soviet citizens working in britain will be withdrawn from that country one week before the initial demarche stop no explanation will be given but a considerable and desirable heightening of tension will thus be achieved stop the same procedure which can be categorized as a softening up of the target country will be followed in the secondary demarches referred to above stop for the time being you should take no precautionary steps on your station except to prepare your mind in total secrecy for the eventuality that your station may become involved at some later date and that evacuation of your staff and the burning of archives will become mandatory on receipt of the code word quote lightning unquote addressed to you personally over circuit forty hyphen four stop end of text signed central .
i am in great debt to your country .
' but you do realize how your kindness of three weeks ago has greatly alleviated the international tension , particularly in relation to my country .
my country would be immensely grateful if they knew of your personal generosity to me .
as a fair trader , what has your country to offer in exchange for the full use of magic 44 ? '
' but is this not a picture of the life that is being officially encouraged in your own country ? '
further , your governments have shown themselves successively incapable of ruling and have handed over effective control of the country to the trade unions , who appear to be dedicated to the principle of doing less and less work for more money .
women have no priority in this country .
things were looking bad for my country .
that is the ` ` divine wind '' that saved my country from invasion by kublai khan in the thirteenth century by destroying his fleet .
' is it worth writing one of the most glorious pages in your country 's history ?
the same pattern can be repeated in other countries .
at the last estimate , that was about one hundred thousand men and women ' making war ' -- as you call it -- against us and other countries .
they 're selling goods to cuba , including , let me say , the recently abortive shipment of missiles to fire against my country , in exchange for raw sugar .
flora was a body - blow , but , largely thanks to the americans leaning on cuba the way they do , he 's kept the country together .
last meeting , in moscow , they came first , second , and third against seventeen countries .
but , for the women , an affair outside the service automatically made you a ' security risk ' and in the last analysis you had a choice of resignation from the service and a normal life , or of perpetual concubinage to your king and country .
and then when you think what he 's doing for the country , out of his own pocket and far beyond what any government seems to be able to do , it 's really extraordinary that they do n't insist on making him prime minister . ''
i hope that this occasion will be forever a warning that the fate of my country 's enemies will be written in dust , in ashes , in tears , and , '' a pause , ` ` in blood .
and you can bet they 'll plaster the country with their money just before the off .
the english and american stool - pigeons reported that he was totally uninterested in the politics or social customs of any country in the world , and the doctors and psychologists agreed that he was an advanced manic depressive whose periods coincided with the full moon .
in 1949 and ' 50 grant was allowed to go on minor operations with mobile groups or avanposts , in the satellite countries .
every country has good spies and it is not always the biggest countries that have the most or the best .
every country has good spies and it is not always the biggest countries that have the most or the best .
but secret services are expensive , and small countries can not afford the co - ordinated effort which produces good intelligence - the forgery departments , the radio network , the record department , the digestive apparatus that evaluates and compares the reports of the agents .
there are individual agents serving norway , holland , belgium and even portugal who could be a great nuisance to us if these countries knew the value of their reports or made good use of them .
so we need not worry with these smaller countries , ' he paused , ' until we come to sweden .
she was now working for her country .
you can trust him in a foreign country ?
and we have all bribed an official of the secret police at headquarters and we receive a carbon copy of the list of all foreigners entering the country every day by air or train or sea .
the flame that had suddenly lit between them - between the two secret agents , thrown together from enemy camps a whole world apart , each involved in his own plot against the country of the other , antagonists by profession , yet turned , and by the orders of their governments , into lovers .
they are not difficult to make , but it is almost impossible to forge also their birth certificate - the files of the country which is supposed to have issued them .
at that stage , since a foreign country was concerned , the secret service had had to be called in and bond was ordered to find out where the courier got his supplies and to destroy the channel at source .
we can only tell what the true strength of the pound is , and other countries can only tell it , by knowing the amount of valuta we have behind our currency .
and when i spot a leakage , an escape of gold towards some country where it can be exchanged more profitably than at our official buying price , it is my job to put the cid gold squad on to the fugitive gold and try to get it back into our vaults , plug the leak and arrest the people responsible .
they look like any other country 's money .
on the side , goldfinger was appreciably damaging the currency base of an enemy country .
how goldfinger must smile as he pressed the bulb of the old boa - constrictor horn and swept past the admiring policemen of three countries !
it was the same with all other european countries .
but perhaps it would be a big place with countries and towns .
apart from saving our lives , which mean less than nothing to him , it 's the only hope we , or rather i because that 's my line of country , can have of a chance to queer his pitch . '
not one of them has failed , and , so far as i know , my name is on the police files of no country .
was it an act of war to steal something from another country ?
of course m had had to explain via the pm that the service did n't go in for those sort of things - particularly from foreign countries , however friendly they were .
feeling nak*d , bond walked across the open gravel beneath the flags of the nato countries and ran up the four shallow steps to the wide glass doors that gave entrance to the supreme headquarters allied forces europe .
if the top security brains of fourteen countries were stumped , what hope had he got ?
in a way , bond argued to himself , these men were as much enemies of his country as were the agents of smersh or of other enemy secret services .
took the line that her**n , in the quantities that have been coming in , is an instrument of psychological warfare - that it saps a country 's strength .
in uncivilized countries , it is the polite custom to offer one of your wives to a man whom you love and wish to honour .
that was the big poker game and no other country had either the chips or the cards to come into it .
every man possessed a valid passport with up - to - date visas for the principal countries in the world , and an entirely clean sheet with interpol and with their respective national police forces .
some users will practice flying first - aid missions into underdeveloped countries .
` ` that hardly fits with the christian underpinnings of this country . ''
beside that is ceres , goddess of grain and root of our word cereal ; she 's sitting on the mccormick reaper , the farming breakthrough that enabled this country to become a world leader in food production .
currently , it made its home at the smithsonian 's national museum of american history , where those who saw it had no reason to suspect that it was one of the last vestigial links to a time when the father of the country had watched over the u.s . capitol as a god ... like zeus watching over the pantheon .
` ` he has the potential to bring about a cataclysm from which this country might not recover . ''
it is a living , breathing , working tribute to our forefathers ' dream for america -- a country founded on the principles of knowledge , wisdom , and science . ''
` ` you said our forefathers fled the religious oppression of europe to establish a country on the principles of scientific advancement . ''
we live in a free country . ''
` ` in no other country in the world , '' he said , ` ` would you hear people calmly discussing the fact that their cities and states were sold to foreigners . ''
` ` when teddy roosevelt led this country out of the great depression , he did n't do it with fashion and fantasy . ''
the most advanced japanese video equipment is n't available in this country .
` ` our country 's going to hell , and on a thursday night , united states senators are standing around chatting with models , '' jenny said .
real wages in this country are now at 1962 levels .
no other country tolerates these levels of violence . ''
that 's the way they treat other countries , so it 's not surprising they worry about getting a taste of their own medicine . ''
` ` any time a foreign corporation begins to do business in a new country , it is likely to make mistakes while it gets used to the habits and patterns of the country .
` ` any time a foreign corporation begins to do business in a new country , it is likely to make mistakes while it gets used to the habits and patterns of the country .
when american corporations first went multinational in europe in the fifties and sixties , they encountered difficulties in the countries they entered , and there were lawsuits then .
some of these foreign countries have large numbers of well - trained people . ''
other countries think we 're crazy . ''
the best american kids now rank twelfth in the world , after the industrialized countries of asia and europe .
and we made america a poor country . ''
do you want to run their country ?
no sensible country wants to take over another country .
no sensible country wants to take over another country .
invested in a country that 's in deep trouble .
the economies of the two countries are interlocked by now .
neither country can pull out , even if they wanted to .
` ` our government was coddling japan , which they saw as a tiny emerging country .
` ` and by now we have a defeatist business climate in this country .
on the screen , professor rawlings was saying , ` ` i think the american people are rather ungrateful for the help our country is getting from foreign investors . ''
our workers are less educated than workers in other countries .
other countries have done it .
because the fact is , countries do n't like to be dominated .
most other countries have given up : germans , italians , french .
` ` i do n't have the same expectations about this country . ''
the most successful countries in the world today maintain strong national policies for energy conservation , for the control of imports , for promotion of exports .
and those countries are doing better than america , because those economic policies reflect the real world .
those countries are challenging america with new realities - and it is up to us to face those realities , and meet their economic challenge head on .
we have n't lost basic industries to those countries .
every country has conflicts with other countries .
every country has conflicts with other countries .
basically , they treat us as an under - developed country .
it 's time for us to take control of our country again .
` ` the consortium '' is a private organization with offices in seven countries .
a specialist in communicable disease and the epidemiology of epidemics , she had been invited to the un to deliver a lecture assessing the threat of pandemic disease in third - world countries .
they have spent enormous amounts of energy and money indoctrinating third - world countries into a belief in the evils of contraception . ''
she felt like a newly crowned queen who was being kept from her country .
she received proposals from a swedish count , an italian poet and half a dozen princes from indigent countries .
roffe and sons can make or break more than half the countries in the world .
whenever one son in one country heard about a new drug development , he would dispatch couriers to report it to the others , and they would begin manufacturing it themselves , so that in this way they kept constantly ahead of their competitors .
it 's - it 's as though you 're running a country . ''
her father laughed and replied , ` ` roffe and sons has a larger income than three quarters of the countries in the world . ''
when foreign guests were being entertained , a little flag representing their country was placed in the floral centerpiece on the table .
` ` roffe and sons owns factories and holding companies in over a hundred countries .
i had no idea how many lives this company has saved in countries all over the world .
` ` italy is one of the countries that has no patent regulations protecting new drugs , '' one of the executives told elizabeth .
they are the true elite of this country , the backbone that makes england stand tall and strong among nations . ''
there were about fifty countries around the world that did not have extradition treaties with the united states .
he was harry stanford , the confidant of presidents and kings , powerful and rich enough to make or break the economies of a dozen countries .
it would be a shame if our board of directors decided to close all of them down and build in other countries . '
he 's given expert testimony in trials all over the country .
jennifer thought of all the countries in the world that did not have this little room , countries where citizens were taken from their beds in the middle of the night and tortured and murdered by anonymous enemies for undisclosed reasons : iran , uganda , argentina , peru , brazil , romania , russia , czechoslovakia .. the list was depressingly long .
jennifer thought of all the countries in the world that did not have this little room , countries where citizens were taken from their beds in the middle of the night and tortured and murdered by anonymous enemies for undisclosed reasons : iran , uganda , argentina , peru , brazil , romania , russia , czechoslovakia .. the list was depressingly long .
when he had been graduated magna cum laude from harvard law school , he had had offers from prestigious law firms all over the country .
` ` jesus , '' he said , ` ` you know , only one percent of the lawyers in this country can get in ? ''
this man was a member of a vast network of organized crime , a group that bled the country of untold billions of dollars , an arcane cabal that would kill when necessary to protect itself .
` ` the organization is bigger than the government of most of the countries of the world , '' michael told jennifer .
dozens of the country 's biggest companies have been indicted for violating one law or another .
for weeks , expert witnesses had paraded up to capitol hill , half of them testifying that the new bomber would be an expensive albatross that would destroy the defense budget and ruin the country , and the other half testifying that unless the air force could get the bomber approved , america 's defenses would be so weakened that the russians would invade the united states the following sunday .
newsweek and time both did cover stories on adam , and the newsweek story ended with : the senate has found an honest and capable new guardian to investigate some of the vital problems that plague this country , and to bring to them light instead of heat .
present in the room was blair roman , head of the second largest advertising agency in the country .
` ` we 're going to saturate the country with television commercials , build an image of you as the man who can solve america 's problems .
adam taped one - minute television spots , three - minute television spots and five - minute spots , geared for different sections of the country .
he was riding on a crest of public popularity , an idealist in a time of cynicism , the country 's hope for the future .
if i ' m satisfied with your testimony , we 'll provide you with enough money to live in any country you choose under an assumed identity .
michael moretti 's family would be hardest hit , but the evidence touched dozens of other families around the country .
agents in turkey , mexico , san salvador , marseilles and honduras were liaising with their counterparts , giving them information on illegal activities taking place in those countries .
federal and local law - enforcement agents struck in a dozen different states and in half a dozen foreign countries , and the raids were orchestrated to take place simultaneously .
` ` when the trial is over , we 'll send you to whichever country you choose .
athens , greece the empire of constantin demiris could not be located on any map , yet he was the ruler of a fiefdom larger and more powerful than many countries .
demiris 's tentacles were everywhere , woven through the woof and warp of dozens of countries .
the compound was a tower of babel , people from a dozen different countries all speaking their native languages .
by the time his rivals went to work , demiris had already conducted several hours of business with his agents in a dozen countries .
the greek police department did not welcome interference from other countries in their affairs .
the lobby was filled with tourists from a dozen countries .
there were americans and british , and visitors from a dozen other countries .
what he was thinking was that he was betraying his country , stealing a piece of history from his beloved greece and selling it to some faceless foreigner .
she was advertising products in a dozen countries .
renaud was chairing a meeting in the main conference room at the seven - story interpol headquarters , the international police organization that is the clearinghouse of information for 126 police forces in 78 countries .
there are dozens of third world countries that have no access to modern methods of agriculture and manufacturing .
` ` andrew , countries like that ca n't afford to pay us- '' ` ` that does n't matter .
we 'll send experts to third world countries to teach them modern techniques that will change their lives .
we can start with the kind of countries you 're talking about , then go after the big money - the government contracts and- '' ` ` tanner , let 's just concentrate on making the world a better place . ''
with these , we 're able to watch teleconferences in a dozen different countries simultaneously .
` ` my brother , andrew , founded this company to assist third world countries , so we 're also heavily involved in start - up projects there . ''
i mean that we 're going to send more people to more countries where they can be helpful . ''
you 'd be doing this for your country .
kig has offices in a dozen major countries all over the world . ''
three times a year , tanner invited kig managers from a dozen countries .
a lot of countries have been working on weather control , but none of them has solved it yet . ''
i had each of them trying to solve a different facet of weather control , and i thought that because they were working in different countries , they would never put the pieces together and find out what the ultimate purpose of the project was .
` ` i ' m researching thirty more countries .
kingsley international group constitutes the largest think tank in the world , with offices in thirty countries .
until recently , the transfer of money from one bank to another and from one country to another had been a slow , laborious process , requiring multiple forms to be filled out and dependent on national and international postal services .
those wetbacks do n't deserve a damned cent ... . '' ` ` it 's interesting , '' tracy said thoughtfully , ` ` that the countries that attack america for being too money - oriented are always the first to beg us for loans . ''
some judicial systems in this country coddle criminals .
` ` your country 's behavior in the treatment of judge henry lawrence is inexcusable .
` ` if you win , the money will be deposited in any country you choose . ''
` ` ... deposited in any country you like . ''
` oil is its own country , ' he always says .
in various countries , she was a british duchess , a french airline stewardess , and a south american heiress .
interpol is a clearinghouse of information for 126 police forces in 78 countries , and coordinates the worldwide activities of police forces in dealing with swindlers , counterfeiters , narcotics smugglers , robbers , and murderers .
` ` gentlemen , '' inspector trignant said , ` ` i have received urgent requests from each of your countries for information about the rash of crimes that has recently sprung up all over europe .
half a dozen countries have been hit by an epidemic of ingenious swindles and burglaries , in which there are several similarities .
however , we have been requested by the police departments of several european countries to extend our cooperation . ''
no matter what country miss whitney goes to , from the moment she checks through customs , she will be under observation . ''
schoolchildren and tourists from a dozen countries were lined up in front of the museum , and at exactly 10:00 a.m. , the two large front doors were opened by guards , and the visitors began to move through the revolving door in the center and through the two side passages at ground level .
the wars and famines and disasters of far - off countries paled by comparison with the life - and - death crises they coped with twenty - four hours a day .
i spent my childhood traveling to most of the third world countries with him . ''
` ` those countries have n't changed any since we were kids .
i can cite a dozen cases around the country where material witnesses were allowed to testify under special circumstances .
jesse quiller was one of the top criminal defense attorneys in the country .
it had been complicated , because the murders had taken place in two countries and two different states .
they were just born in different countries at different times .
the inauguration of the forty - second president of the united states was carried by satellite to more than one hundred and ninety countries .
` ` i speak today not only to our allies but to those countries in the soviet cainp .
from the car radio came the presiden 's voice : ` ` because i believe that there is no problem that can not be solved by genuine goodwill on both sides , the concrete wall around east berlin and the iron curtain that surrounds the soviet satellite countries must come down . ''
i want to inform you now that we have approached the government of remania and its president , alexandres ionescu , and he has agreed to reestablish diplomatic relations with our country .
we ca n't allow the president to give the country away .
the president is actually planning to invite the communist countries to send their spies here posing as attaches , chauffeurs , secretaries , maids .
in my opinion , the presiden 's plan could destroy this country . ''
` ` the president is trying to sell out the country .
the author believes that we 're in a position to try to seduce the communist countries into coming into our camp by offering them economic and- '' he broke off ` ` it was a lot like your inaugural speech . ''
you know that in 1949 the eastern - bloc countries formed a pact for mutual economic assistance , called comecon , and in 1958 the other european countries formed the eec - the common market . ''
you know that in 1949 the eastern - bloc countries formed a pact for mutual economic assistance , called comecon , and in 1958 the other european countries formed the eec - the common market . ''
` ` we have the organization for economic cooperation and development , which includes the united states , some western - bloc countries , and yugoslavia .
and do n't forget that the third world countries have formed a nonaligned movement of their own . ''
she taught five political science classes in addition to the graduate seminar , and each of them dealt with the soviet union and its satellite countries .
i ' ve never been to any of the countries i teach about , she thought .
and last but not least , you have the kind of image the president wants to project in the iron curtain countries . ''
any country would be really lucky to have you as an ambassador , mom . ''
the soviet union was worried that president ellison 's plan was a ploy to penetrate their satellite countries , to spy on them or seduce them .
if the presiden 's idea works , this whole country is going to be open house for their slimy spies .
if we can pull it off there , we can make it work in the other communist countries . ''
` ` i would like to see our country spearhead a movement to form a common market that includes allies and adversaries alike .
today , as- an example , we 're paying billions of dollars to store surplus grain , , while people in dozens of countries are starving .
i have a ph.d . in political science , and i ' ve been teaching at kansas state university for five years , with an emphasis on the iron curtain countries .
` ` it 's supposed to be a cabal of high - level right - wing and leftwing fanatics from a dozen eastern and western countries .
` ` welcome to our country . ''
she looked at mary and said patronizingly , ` ` a gsp country is- '' ` ` is a generalized system of preferences , '' mary cut in .
` ` we treat remania as a less developed country so that they get import and export advantages . ''
every embassy in an iron curtain country has one .
you are now officially the american ambassador to my country . ''
he took her hand in his again and said , ` ` i hope you will grow to love our country , madam ambassador . ''
` ` did you know there are kids there from twenty - two different countries ?
no one from an american embassy ever goes to a hospital in an iron curtain country .
` ` the european countries are out of it the epidemic used it up . ''
my country is depending on me .
she found herself saying , ` ` what we are doing here today may seem a small thing , but it is important , because it is one more bridge between our country and all the countries of eastern europe .
` ` on inauguration day when the president announced that he wanted to open relations with every iron curtain country , he exploded a bombshell .
on the other side of the iron curtain there are communists who believe that our president 's plan is a trick - a trojan horse to bring our capitalist spies into their countries .
there were photographers and reporters from a dozen countries .
two hundred guests , including the vice president of the united states , the governor of new york , the mayor , hollywood celebrities , famous athletes , and financiers from half a dozen countries .
` ` in a country as wealthy as this , '' lara said , ` ` that 's a disgrace . ''
president franklin d. roosevelt called upon the country to be the great arsenal of democracy , and on march 11 , 1941 , the lend - lease bill was pushed through congress .
` ` i ' ve been told , '' kate said softly , ` ` that you ' ve started an underground to help smuggle jews into neutral countries .
` ` kruger - brent , limited , has factories in many neutral and allied countries .
ten days later kate was invited by the president of the united states to a washington conference of leading international industrialists to discuss assistance to underdeveloped countries .
when the arab countries realize they have the world by the throat , they 're going to form a cartel , and oil prices will skyrocket .
it had been a terrible time of destruction and killing , a madness that had pulled in men and war materiel from a dozen countries and left a horrifying death toll .
the sisters came from disparate backgrounds and from many different countries .
most of them were spanish , but there were children there from half a dozen countries , and megan became fluent in several languages .
there were senators and representatives from several foreign countries , business tycoons , and celebrities .
you think you 're helping our country ?
they were coming to more than a border that divided two countries .
kentucky gave this country two presidents .
` ` we have the lowest voting record of any industrial country in the world - less than fifty percent .
she had already made a list of the countries she wanted to cover : russia ... china ... africa ... ` ` i know i ca n't start as a foreign correspondent , '' dana said , ` ` but as soon as - ` ` ` ` right .
you can alienate two countries at once . ''
the survey that came out a couple of months ago listed you as the third most effective governor in the country .
` ` we 're going to build a strong campaign team , and we 're going to start lining up delegates around the country . ''
it seemed to dana that every country in the world had a journalist there .
anything you say could shake up the economy or have an impact on a hundred other countries around the globe .
i put together that list because i think they 're the best men who can help you serve your country .
saturday evening , the state dining room was decorated with flags from the various countries represented by the foreign ambassadors .
` ` i 'll get together statistics on how much crime has gone down in this country , you ' ve asked congress for more money for our police departments , et cetera . ''
your embargoes against iran and other arab countries have cost us untold billions of dollars .
if the united states will act as a sponsor , the arab countries - including iran , libya , and syria - have agreed to sit down and negotiate a permanent peace treaty with israel . ''
we 'll help him make a deal with the arab countries . ''
when there 's a war , countries buy billions of dollars ' worth of armaments that are made here in the united states .
if we had really wanted to make peace between israel and the arab countries , we could have done it long ago .
a peace treaty now would not be in the best interest of this country .
` ` if what i ' m about to tell you should ever leave this office , it would do irreparable damage to the presidency and to our relations with another country .
for many years , as you know , i have been striving to bring about peace between israel and the arab countries .
a doctor friend of hers had mentioned that judd was one of the most brilliant analysts in the country , but when judd had asked her who the doctor was , anne had demurred .
she had traveled to a dozen countries with her father and had met fascinating people .
in 1940 , italy had joined with germany , and now a dozen european countries were at war .
i could show a montage of brief scenes of annie in different countries , or i could concentrate on one country .
i could show a montage of brief scenes of annie in different countries , or i could concentrate on one country .
in other words , it can apply to any country . ''
the representatives of more than a dozen countries around the world were brought to a huge soundstage to hear about the new films .
they serve wines from almost every country in the world . ''
they were filled with wines from countries all over the world .
we have beers from almost every country in the - ` ` jed jumped to his feet .
` ` sidney , this man has worked on rulers of countries .
throughout history poles have never been able to collate themselves into a unified country for long .
by quality , i mean conservative , business oriented , temperate , highly moral , intelligent , and ambitious young judges who can literally , mr . fisk , and this is the core of what we believe , change the judicial landscape of this country .
the forces of evil who want to slam the courthouse doors and deny our clients their rights , the same pro - business lobby that has slowly , methodically marched across this country and purchased one supreme court seat after another , that same bunch of assholes is here , banging on our door .
because , she explained in detail , big business is currently in the business of buying seats on supreme courts all over the country .
a husky voice - over announced , ` ` same - sex marriages are sweeping the country .
having his son at the largest and most prestigious law firm in the country did have a nice ring to it .
this was done with as little fanfare as possible since the dollar amounts were staggering , the country was fighting two wars , and the pentagon decided it would not be wise to broadcast such an ambitious procurement plan .
brilliant , but a real rogue , a hired gun , warrants outstanding in at least three countries . ''
currently there are at least eighteen intelligence outfits in this country , and those are just the ones on paper .
ten to fifteen people from different countries , different interests . '
rewards were ample , the police in several countries sending funds through interpol .
jason bourne had been paid to kill , and the police in several countries had sent funds through interpol to convert reluctant informers , to broaden the base of his capture .
many police from many countries .
no one 's going to come out and say there are financial interests in his country working with interests in that country so they can buy their way into canadian raw materials or any other market .
nothing makes a man more nationalistic than to think his country 's owned by foreigners .
' a mart usque ad mare , ' corbelier said , reciting the national motto of their country .
' the country 's two most active intelligence branches have been fed information about cain - for the past three years - and there 's been no pooling for origins of fraud .
and as of twenty minutes ago , major gordon webb was one of only eight or ten people in the country who knew of its existence .
' you used a citizen of another country for a u.s . intelligence strategy !
because of his son , the general had been given access to his country 's most secret files on carlos and nothing in those records matched the younger man 's array of facts .
he not only sells his gun , he sells a country 's secrets . '
' let 's say i ' m the spokesman for a group of people - american , french , english , dutch - closing in on a killer who 's murdered political and military leaders in each of our countries . '
they were the outcasts , men who had gone beyond the laws in the service of their country , who often killed in the interests of their country .
but their country could not tolerate their official existence ; their covers had been exposed , their actions made known .
just a courtesy from the host country and that was a french carrier .
there 's been a global deception that 's spread misinformation throughout more countries than i want to think about .
we think at least five hundred billion dollars has been stolen and taken out of the country .
they 're slinging mud and knifing each other , all for the benefit of the country 's forty - fourth largest state .
we ' ve done some unusual things , all in an effort to protect this country .
we 'll plug in your name and face and a few brief words , and in notime you 'll be the most famous politician in the country '' ` ` fame wo n't win the election . ''
embassy in bangkok , and because she was on his country 's payroll britt felt a slight proprietary interest .
few countries would sleep easier with a beefed - up united states military than south korea .
i am not going to politicize this event , but i will say that it is absurd for this country to once again suffer at the hands of terrorists .
even for a country well accustomed to foreign policy boondoggles , it was an impressive body count .
happens all the time in the arab countries .
and so the country became glued to yet another mini - war , one of pushbuttons and smart bombs and retired generals on cnn prattling on about this strategy or that .
tunisian television was quick to cover the burning hospital , and at daybreak on the east coast the country learned that the smart bombs were n't so smart after all .
he lifted a sheet of paper and read the latest polling data nom around the country .
i 'll take care of the money , and i 'll certainly keep the country firightened.that missile in the khyber pass , we could ' ve detonated it .
their little scam had snared the most famous politician in the country .
his country 's banking reputation depended upon secrecy , and he could reveal only so much .
he was leaving office , a lame duck more concerned with his legacy than with the pressing matters of the country .
you 're about to learn something , adam - the death penalty may be very popular in our country , but the people who are forced to impose it are not supporters .
a sick country , right . ''
tyner argued successfully that the florida case raised similar issues , and the supreme court granted stays in several dozen death cases around the country .
it was time to execute somebody and show the rest of the country that this state was serious about law and order .
the face was wanted in nine countries .
we suspect them in at least a hundred bombings of abortion clinics , aclu offices , porno houses , gay clubs , all over the country .
she pecked away at the keyboard , found what she wanted , and soon the printer was spewing forth page after page of appeals pending in the eleven federal appellate courts around the country .
in the center of the square room , a mahogany table with twenty chairs along each side was surrounded with the top fbi people from across the country .
the lawsuit was seven years old , with one plaintiff and thirty - eight wealthy corporate defendants who had collectively hired and fired no less than fifteen law firms from all over the country .
his boss was away performing for the cameras , but the real power had stayed behind to run the country .
there are at least nine countries , including israel , actively stalking him right now .
someone , probably fletcher coal , wanted the world to know that khamel had emerged as a suspect , and that he was an arab of all things , and had close ties to libya and iran and iraq , countries led by fiery idiots who hated america .
it mattered not if ten or a hundred countries had bounties on his throat .
if the press gets wind of it , and if the pelican brief is on target , then i 'll make damned sure the country knows the president asked us to back off because it 's one of his pals . ''
he owns at least a half - dozen homes in as many countries , and he 's got jets and boats , so who knows ? ''
his clients were privately owned oil exploration firms from many countries , but primarily americans .
there 'll be a million rumors and a thousand stories , but every paper in the country will be wedging in . ''
but that does n't mean i ' m going to allow this country to be compromised .
i ' m the chief law enforcement officer of this country , and i do my job . ''
all countries possessed splendid things .
there 's nobody in this country who 's going to believe that i did n't know what daley was doing .
they ca n't afford for their country to implode .
he talked of lofty political goals and shifts in foreign policy , but he 'd been willing from the start to betray his country , his president , and himself .
three years earlier , a major case from oklahoma landed at the u.s . supreme court , and its outcome rattled the criminal courts of the country .
as a fixture in the law library , dennis heard all the legal gossip and knew the latest rulings from around the country .
the covert - one chief said the words neither wanted to think : ` ` with their long - range nuclear weapons , we 're as much a target as any country . ''
there 's the dowager empress , and there 's the potential of deadly cargo that it 's ferrying to a country that would like to destroy us . ''
it would cause a public furor in both countries , posturing by both governments , tie the u.s . president 's hands when it came to the human - rights agreement , and cause the standing committee to listen to the hardliners on the politburo and central committee .
no country 's building air capability equal to our air force .
` ` if you 're correct ... there are those in this country who do n't want the americans to have what mondragon discovered . ''
` ` significant outbreaks of hemorrhagic viruses occur only in poor countries .
at the same time , the owl was beginning to believe that his lifetime of work for china ... his stubborn commitment to his country 's growing into an important and friendly world power ... was in jeopardy .
the president sat silently , his eyes distant , thinking again about the millions of people across the country who might soon be nervously watching tv or listening to the radio with one eye and one ear on the alert as they went about their daily lives , which most were rightly loathe to sacrifice for an unnecessary war .
they were forcing the country on an unnatural path that would do more than expose it to the world .
an alert that had been radioed to all the country 's intelligence services had gone out on ` ` the squawk . ''
then they 'd have to acknowledge that the central intelligence agency is , in fact , this country 's central intelligence agency .
in 1949 , the year that mao attained absolute control over the country , the complex , which had fallen into disrepair , was once more rebuilt .
in short order , the country 's new rulers had a new home .
he swallowed : his country was calling on him !
` ` in an era of globalization , there are some countries that are more vulnerable than others .
now he 's been taking advantage of his position as head of the iaea to transfer nuclear expertise to countries like iran , syria , libya , algeria , even sudan .
without the backing of his country , deschesnes would not have been considered for so illustrious and powerful a position .
the cia , captive to the legalistic culture of washington , was not defending the country , but that was where fenton figured he came in .
he could do for his country what its official defenders were too cautious to do .
if fenton 's intelligence was correct , benoit deschesnes was betraying not just his own country , not just the united nations , but all the people whose lives would be threatened by nuclear weapons in the hands of tin - pot dictators .
a friend of ours , economically speaking - someone who was working hard on an economic agreement that would have facilitated trade between this country and the european union . ''
every day this guy draws breath is a day his country is at risk . ''
the views he expressed were dangerous , and would have put this country on a collision course with history .
he gave a particularly incendiary speech at the macmillan institute for foreign policy , in d.c . , and afterward a number of countries , thinking that he represented the government , or some faction of the government , actually threatened to recall their ambassadors .
consider a country that has experienced what could be called a second industrial revolution .
a country where labor was cheap , capital and resources abundant - a country that was able to transform its economy into the most efficient and swiftest growing in the world .
a country where labor was cheap , capital and resources abundant - a country that was able to transform its economy into the most efficient and swiftest growing in the world .
when he 's killed , a country of one - point - four billion people is going to be roiled by outrage .
` ` your country deserves the highest consideration , not to be shaken down by a bunch of scheming zeks .
the wall was decorated with the horizontal names of countries intersected by vertically arrayed capitals , like some sort of acrostic .
ambler wondered about complaints from countries like peru and italy .
` ` my shame is my country 's guilt , '' said kreitz finally , in his voice a sadness that matched his eyes , ` ` the guilt of having permitted such monsters , such criminals , ever to have ruled our nation .
many of both your countries ' statutes allow such displays of antigovernment displeasure .
all the signs indicate that it may well be the central organization outside of germany , conceivably as important as the one inside your country , for it can operate beyond german laws , german eyes .
some - no , many of those names are among the most prominent people in our respective countries , men and women of high profiles and fine reputations .
harry 's list would seem to portend the worst scenario for the nato countries , and karin de vries 's disclosure that the brotherhood had invaded the agency 's top - secret computers for information .
he had not spent an adult lifetime in the service of his country to be frozen out of essential information by an intelligence bureaucrat who drew an erroneous , insulting conclusion .
it 's called the executive branch , gentlemen , and if the executive , the presidency itself , can root out the nazi influence in this country , the nation will forever be thankful .
further , in the interest of both countries , a fact readily accepted by the sfiret6 deputy , a blackout was put on the terrorist act in the pursuit of additional information .
` ` in the words of our ubiquitous secretary of state , who has both ears of the president , if this administration ' can root out the nazi influence in the country , the nation will be forever grateful . ''
at which point , tired of the limiting pursuit of an ever - increasing profit margin and bothered by the direction the country was taking , he turned to politics .
franklyn wagner , anchorman for mbc news , the most watched evening news program in the country , sat in his dressing room rewriting much of the copy he would recite in front of the cameras in forty - five minutes .
in short words , he had been labeled a potential enemy of his country , a closet zealot who supported the aims of a growing fascist - nazi - movement in germany !
not only alive , but he had brought out an incriminating list of names that was already alarming the country , or at least the media , which did its damnedest to alarm the country whenever possible .
not only alive , but he had brought out an incriminating list of names that was already alarming the country , or at least the media , which did its damnedest to alarm the country whenever possible .
` ` and poland , which has given more to the arts and sciences than most other countries , has been betrayed more than most countries , '' said de vries , nodding .
` ` and poland , which has given more to the arts and sciences than most other countries , has been betrayed more than most countries , '' said de vries , nodding .
` ` then why is it that outside of certain arab states , china , and what 's left of selected russian breakaways , you are the only country in the civilized world to retain the death penalty ? ''
` ` i ' ve lived in various countries , and - i would hope absorbed some of their cultures . ''
` ` we are the shock troops , the storm troopers , if you wish , and we maintain contacts with our units in every country .
` ` regarding this country , what can you tell me that could convince me to recommend leniency with regard to your executions ? ''
instead , you are part of the secret movements , the covert operations no country cares to reveal , but which for the average citizen are filled with corruption . ''
` ` i would hope so , and considering what 's happening all over this country , ' forewarned is forearmed ' takes on new significance . ''
pure and simple , he was a liar who broke his oath as a soldier , a disgrace to his uniform and his country who coated his illegalities in self - serving , sanctimonious bromides that shifted his guilt to some higher power read that as god - who had nothing to do with what he did .
i do n't have to tell you the climate of fear and confusion that 's spreading across this country and the countries of our closest allies , you can see for yourself .
i do n't have to tell you the climate of fear and confusion that 's spreading across this country and the countries of our closest allies , you can see for yourself .
what i want are the profits that come from controlling the country , the government .
you are highly educated , historically grounded , and ideologically positioned by what is happening , not only in germany , but in all countries .
he 's spent his life fighting campus politics and various countries ' restrictions on archeological explorations .
` ` the whole damn country 's paranoid ! ''
paris scoffed and we lost a country . ''
we 're not talking just about france here , we 're talking about all of europe and the united ` ` i understand that , but we ca n't take unilateral american action in a host country ! ''
` ` i think i believe you ... . you menhoned severalcountries , specific countries .
` ` no police in any of the countries where thosefour men live could do what you can do , even ifthey agreed to try , which , frankly , i doubt .
people everywhere were lookingto the past , to men who spoke clearly , withcandor , and did not obfuscate the problemsfacing their countries and the world , especiallythe western world .
the ` ` overview '' delivered by converse describeda current situation in which like - minded individualsin various countries were coming together and usingtheir considerable influence to get around the lawsand ship armaments and technology to hostilegovernments and organisations .
` ` influential people as i understand theword ` ` influential ' as related to existing laws wouldoperate singly or at best in small groups within theirown countries .
you 're only wanted on twocontinents and in some eight countries .
they kill when it 's thepragmatic thing to do , and justify the killing becauseit 's in the ultimate interests of the country .
` ` i told you , i ' ve heard the stories all my life.how they got jews and gypsies and all the menwho parachuted down from planes out of germanyand into neutral or occupied countries .
you see , he told me about this ... this incredible plot to put the military establishments ofthe united states and the countries of western europein virtual control of their governments , that they coulddo it by instigating massive rioting in key cities , terrorism , destabilisation everywhere .
then , becausewe 're dealing with half a dozen other countries , thesecretary of state .
heis , of course , a reflection of the entire country . ''
it would be foolish to deny that certain criminal elements within my country have developed a great degree of power and influence within our government . ''
` ` i ' m open to the possibility that something is going on here that neither of our countries really wants to have happen .
within your own country , there are political leaders who would remember the cold war and would work to cut off the aid we are receiving from you .
` ` but why would they risk alienating my administration now , with so much on the table between our countries ? ''
another name for the hidden seat of power , the secret place from which the president and his staff could run the country during a full - fledged emergency .
they understood what was at stake ; every man there was ready to lay down his life to ensure the safety of his country .
it would alienate its constituency , as it did in afghanistan , iraq , and many other middle eastern countries , and turn the so - called freedom fighters into our implacable enemies .
frankly , i assumed you had a moreand # 133 ; shall we say pragmatic outlook on america , the country that exports mickey mouse , war , and occupying armed forces with equal abandon . '
' how convenient of you to forget that we 're also the country that keeps you safe from extremists , amun . '
since the weapons sold to the armenian tribesmen helped destabilize the country and thus gave it a rude shove back toward moscow 's orbit , the kremlin was all too happy to turn a blind eye to the trades .
not only would it stretch our already overtaxed military personnel , but the consequences for other countries in the region , especially israel , could be catastrophic .
' that 's a bleak credo , even for this country . '
` ` not to complain , sir , but i ' m trying my damnedest to establish proper security measures in a foreign country with no particular allegiance to the united states .
as it was , there were four different arabic security teams , one for each country present , but feyd al - saoud coordinated their work .
your country 's an abject failure .
in all his years toiling as a servant of his country , the dci had never before been apologized to by the president .
` ` this is the history of your country . ''
` ` farc controls forty percent of the country , we control the other sixty . ''
michelle , who could have had her pick of chairs at any of the top universities in the country , instead worked for darpa - the defense advanced research projects agency - cooking up new cryptographic algorithms that could foil even the fastest computer , even used in tandem .
` ` severus domna has members in virtually every country around the globe . ''
besides being a former student he ran an information network that spanned several countries .
` ` i assume it 's because your network spans many countries including germany , which is , like england , a hotbed of muslim terrorist activity . ''
please tell me the truth - i need to know if you 're being swayed by anything other than what you think will be best for the country and for ci . ''
we run with this and we 're wrong , it 's going to cause the president and this country an enormous amount of humiliation , which we ca n't afford now .
` ` here is where my grandparents fled when your country bombed the shit out of the unofficial capital of the third reich . ''
none of these modern - day terrorist networks would ' ve existed without your country 's backing .
` ` i do what i do in the defense of my country , '' lavalle said stiffly .
` ` when a country is at war extraordinary actions must be undertaken in order to safeguard its borders .
this country will crack and fall if people like you are left to run it .
' you are in a position to be of extraordinary service to your country and to interests far beyond this country - exceeding anything you may have considered during your long and distinguished career . '
however , he 's recalled enough about medusa to be a considerable threat to the country 's interests . '
you ' ve made outrageous accusations against some of our country 's most dedicated servants - men who will never be permitted an unaccountable five million dollars - to this day unaccounted for . '
the mother country is marshalling its most persuasive forces .
we all play hardball now and then because it 's in the best interests of our employers - our individual countries , if you like .
it was the limousine , the lead limousine with the flags of both countries !
' your country of origin and passport number are on it .
the clientele of the east wing lobby was international , a mix of languages , of clothing from fifth and madison avenues , savile row , st honorfe and the via condotti , as well as the more sombre apparel of both germanys and the scandinavian countries .
there 's no legitimacy here , no territory to be defended , no honour of your country in question .
` it was that kind of thinking that lost you the country and # 65533 ; you , the leaders , not the people .
i ' ve read you , seen you , expounding on your esoteric interpretations of complex legal matters , assaulting every decent thing the courts of this country have decreed in the last thirty years , when you have n't the vaguest idea what it is to be poor , or hungry , or have an unwanted mass in your belly you neither anticipated nor can provide a life for .
i am an expert on immigration procedures , having studied the methods in many countries .
the phrase ` ` ... what you can do for your country '' was out of fashion , replaced by ` ` what i can do for me . ''
she 's not listed on any flight from any country coming into paris . ''
she 's not listed on any flight from any other country coming into paris .
i 'd do anything within my sworn capacity to save the lives of jason bourne and his wife , but i will not violate my oath to defend this country first .
in my country we figure those initials mean caught in the act , and i told him so ! ''
it 's a free country , and your training notwithstanding , you do n't have a franchise on common sense . ''
` ` i do n't think you want to compare the rates of alcoholism in our two countries . ''
i prefer the best wine to the most penetrating thoughts , although the latter -- in both our countries -- invariably leads to the former . ''
you brokered millions for us out of the bloc countries , rerouted , renamed -- christ , repainted -- ships throughout the mediterranean , the aegean , up the bosporus and into marmara , to say nothing about ports in the baltic ! ''
` ` find a neutral country that has no extradition treaty with washington , one where there are officials who can be persuaded to grant you temporary residence so you can carry on your business activities -- the term ` temporary ' is extremely elastic , of course .
` ` with all manner of restricted american technology , as well as armaments , matand # 65533 ; riel , spare parts for aircraft and weapons systems -- even the aircraft and the weapons systems them selves on various occasions through the bloc countries .
no , it was a logical extension of events , consistent with the needs of his country and , above all , the absolute necessity that moscow disassociate itself from both medusa and the jackal .
` ` the years since have been spent in many foreign countries promoting the interests of the great soviet revolution , an undercover commissar with a flexible portfolio that called for many trips back here to moscow and extensive research into the specific departments in which each of you holds a responsible position . ''
` ` a nondefecting american , an assassin hunted by every nato country in europe , inside novgorod ? ''
he 's operating from points unknown or unreachable , but obviously under the sovereign protection of a united nations country .
as i explained , most of the compounds include two separate and distinct countries , usually where there are common boundaries , cultural similarities or just to conserve space .
eventually holland foresees a quiet , unannounced economic minisummit , calling together various financial ministers of the nato and eastern bloc countries .
with the polls showing president morgan trailing badly in at least forty states , critz seized control of the campaign and managed to alienate the rest of the country , except , arguably , alaska .
your agency has been a constant embarrassment to this country .
every prominent news organization in the country was screaming for a place to sit or stand .
fortunately for backman , though he had no way of knowing and no reason to care , at the eleventh hour president morgan also pardoned an aging billionaire who 'd escaped prison by fleeing the country .
the two countries could swap pictures and learn nothing .
the first , the mother of two of his children , had remarried twice since joel , and her current husband had gotten rich selling liquid fertilizer in third world countries .
though the conference room was fifty steps down the hall from his own office , he made his entrance twenty minutes late , apologizing and explaining that he 'd been on the phone with the office of the prime minister of some minor country .
in a country where a three - hundred - year - old house is considered new , time has a different meaning .
but , at the same time , i am now a fully pardoned citizen of some country , not sure which one , but i have the right to be treated with a little dignity .
a cashforpardon scandal would electrify the country .
it 's the largest provider in italy , covers about ninety - five percent of the country . ''
instead of spreading the dirty work around like other countries , the mss turned first to a young man the cia and mossad had been watching with great admiration for several years .
which country would work best ?
there , representatives of the two countries came together in an informal setting to brief one another on the progress of the gradual shutdown of their respective bioweapons programs .
` ` running this country through public opinion polls is killing us .
and is there such a thing as high - tech in this country ? ''
yardeni would n't have had any problem smuggling the smallpox into your country . ''
how else could he hope to get the virus out of the country ? ''
after all , if a terrorist wanted to stage a biochem attack against us , it would be much safer to assemble the weapon outside the country , rather than here . ''
` ` the smallpox is in this country , mr . president .
since there is no known antidote , whichever country is infected must immediately shut down its borders .
a thimbleful is enough to eradicate any country we choose .
i ' m doing this for my country .
` ` you 're willing to bet the country on that theory ? ''
it is a poorly kept secret that the ministry - with the gracious help of our recent mother country - is undertaking an overdue scientific evaluation .
in your country , you have the term ` ` white trash '' ; he considers me ` ` black garbage . ''
in each country four died , with four corresponding - identical - methods of killing ...
the united states is a big country . ''
` ` france was a conflicted country in 1945 .
with three job offers from three of the most prestigious firms in the country , he did not need this interview , this firm .
milligan got four hundred an hour from a couple of his clients , and nathan locke once got five hundred an hour for some tax work that involved swapping assets in several foreign countries .
the venture will be scrutinized by the governments of at least three countries .
she had traced her ancestry to royalty in one of the old countries , and this had always impressed the coal miners in danesboro , kentucky .
the room filled slowly as tax lawyers from around the country gathered to hear the latest developments in tax laws that changed daily .
the firm has the lowest turnover rate in the country .
right now we have about two thousand witnesses living all over the country under new names with new homes and new jobs .
i sort of figured had more sense than to keep the cayman bank records in this country .
her uniform was impeccable , with two rows of medal ribbons showing service overseas in many countries and campaigns .
country by country .
` ` or no country .
you 're monitoring activities in these countries , are n't you ?
` ` we can mobilize every medical resource in the advanced industrialized countries and send them all over the world .
` ` as must every industrialized country . ''
the fearful eyes swept the room ; he had insulted his country .
he had a large family to support , and his country was disintegrating as he watched .
` ` in two countries where the virus had never existed . ''
i do not see how the cause could be a biological weapon in my country .
his gaze settled on bullet holes that had pocked a map of third world countries and shook his head .
do n't like to think about the money and power that can actually accomplish anything in that closed - off country .
more than entitled after his years of service to the goddamn ungrateful cheats and liars who ran the bureau and the country .
` ` blanchard will have a little over two billion dollars in payments wired electronically from many countries as well as america the instant the first shipment leaves the plant . ''
whoever it is does n't want to take over the country , he - or they - simply want to stop others from taking the money . '
welcome to our country . '
' there 's another bunch who wanted to take things in their own hands , blow up the embassy if they had to , anything to get their country back .
he has the country in the palm of his hand and , short of catastrophic errors , which his more reasonable advisers will prevent , there 's nothing anyone can do about it , ourselves included .
it is to use our resources to make this a better country , and through that process hopefully a better world . '
that does n't exclude our country 's strength , at least i would hope not . '
' you ' ve had an outstanding career and have been a positive force for your country , sir - also my country now .
' you ' ve had an outstanding career and have been a positive force for your country , sir - also my country now .
' the average tourist knew more about the politics and cultures of those countries than i did .
' it 's one language , the rest are simply dialects - ' ' i tell you you 're invaluable , and it 's no less than your patriotic duty to serve your country by sharing what you know with other experts . '
they 're messing around with a damn good system , sucking the blood out of every vein they can tap , proclaiming the patriotic holiness of their causes while the country sits by and applauds what it does n't know it 's paying for !
we 'll schedule a short ceremony showing him thanking you on behalf of the whole damn country .
but in that vein i 'll explain to the country - from a position of strength , not fear - that i wo n't permit full disclosure of the oman operation for reasons of counter - terrorist strategy .
' they 're carted off to oblivion - stored in warehouses around the country controlled by government custodians with armed guards and alarm systems so high - tech they reach instantly back to washington , alerting us here , as well as the departments of state and defense and the white house strategy rooms .
they had been conceived and perfected initially for diplomats in troubled countries where it was nearly as important to question assailants as to save lives .
it was thirteen months ago that inver brass had begun the search for a new vice president of the united states , the incumbent considered a pawn of the president 's unseen contributors - men who intended to run the country .
in short words , he must once again be convinced that his person and his abilities are needed - uniquely needed for the good of the country . '
he understands that it 's easier and far better for the country to replace one person than an entire council of presidential advisers . '
if kendrick 's convinced that it 's crucial for the country to have a strong vice president who 's perceived by our allies and enemies alike as a voice of reason within an imperial presidency - where the benign emperor frequently has no clothes - and that the world will breathe easier for it , then , in my judgment , he 'll again make the difficult choice and be available . '
' removed an obstacle that would have weakened the military strength of this country to an unacceptable degree - turning the most powerful giant of the free world into a pitiful dwarf .
further , and in the process , you want me to permit you to suppress extraordinary information involving a national tragedy , a terrorist massacre meant to kill a man the country owes a great deal to .
and the point here is that powerful people were instrumental in getting those killers into the country and supplied once they were here . '
' they 're both traitors , enemies of your government , of your country , to be precise , as your country was conceived . '
' they 're both traitors , enemies of your government , of your country , to be precise , as your country was conceived . '
' this country imperatively needs changes in an administration that will undoubtedly be re - elected . '
let them work unencumbered and let the country respond - one way or the other .
and a year ago , we send kendrick to oman and he does what five hundred professionals from at least six countries could n't do .
basically , we believe in a far stronger defence - oriented system of priorities for the country than you do . '
' i do in the long run , but in the short run excessive oversight and regulation can cripple the country 's defence with delays .
' no more so than your deciding for the country who should run and be elected to national office . '
rather than telling the country what you knew , you decided to manipulate it . '
' it 's necessary , for although our decisions are arrived at dispassionately for the good of the country , they 're not always pleasant or in the eyes of many even defensible .
years ago our immediate predecessors were faced with a government tyrant who had visions of reshaping the laws of the country .
it 's a litany of horrors ; of boardrooms across the country in constant collusion , of setting prices for outrageous margins of profit , buying influence in all sectors of the government , turning the nation 's defence industry into a grab bag of riches .
we keep telling the country that the soviet economy is a shambles , its technology light years behind ours , and yet every year when you produce a budget , you tell us we 're up shit creek because russia 's outperforming us economically and technologically .
' perhaps not , but your approval of recommendations makes damned sure who gets the rank that makes it possible ... and how about the country 's super spies , the cia and the nsa ?
the country needs him back . '
maybe they could be found under a truck or down on the tracks of a subway at an inappropriate time ... now you , on the other hand , everybody listens to you - look at the polls ; you 're the top cardinal of the country , granting the fact that langford jennings is pope - and there 's not a shyster in or out of sight who 'd take you on in the courts , much less the congress .
the respect of the country , even much of the world , is already yours .
third world countries , pressured by the world bank and the international monetary fund to sell off publicly owned assets , routinely sought bidders for telephone systems , water and power utilities , railways , and mines .
i built this company , i know what happens in every office and every construction yard in twenty - four countries .
it 's also true that his personal fortune rivals the gdp of many of the countries he has dealings with . ''
four men from four different countries .
the operation had taken place six years ago , shortly before marina resigned from her country 's intelligence services .
it was a time when athens sector was a center for networks run by the cia and by the kgb alike , when human assets were often smuggled through the bosporus strait , when complex gambits involving the neighboring countries of asia minor were launched from the aegean peninsula .
it was a pageant of a very particular elite , both political and intellectual , that had shaped the country , had directed its history , could claim some responsibility for both its achievements and its failures .
or had the don been subtly redirecting those views , prodding a shattered young man to rededicate his life to the service of his country ?
you may even think it is incumbent upon your country to do so .
` ` a ' variable ' who happens to have given three decades of his life to his country , '' collins shot back .
bigger than gdp of most countries .
he prayed that his every choice , his every act , would move his country closer to the day when its people would rejoin the ummah , the people of islam , and he could be their rightly guided caliph in more than name .
in bunkers carved into the rock were computers that stored the plans of electric generator plants , petroleum refineries , airports , railroads , military installations in scores of countries .
sold out the agency , sold out your country .
another inconsequential trip , by someone whose job it was to make such trips , hoping to raise the level of foreign investment in a country that was pining for it .
his program was designed to slow down that country 's brain drain - and prevent soviet scientists from taking up more lucrative employment in places like iraq , syria , and libya .
it served the country well when others sought to dominate it .
in my country , it 's considered you 're in the hospitality business . ''
when the red army took control of the country , you had another round of purges .
how many instances are there of that kind of ideological whiplash - a country switching from far left to far right to far left again , with nothing in between ? ''
we needed somebody with his capabilities , and his absolute loyalty to this country had never been questioned , even if his methods were . ''
` ` if the world ever found out that the u.s . had been surreptitiously manipulating global events - not to mention using echelon to bet against the currencies of other countries - it would be an absolutely devastating blow .
we 're privy to what goes on in these countries at every level .
` ` u.n . officials operate freely in just about every country on the planet , '' zinsou continued .
the secret had been passed down from one presidential administration to another , like the codes to the country 's nuclear arsenal - and scarcely less dangerous .
here was a country that had betrayed its closest and staunchest allies .
a country that had secretly manipulated the levers of government across the planet .
a country that would now incur the unmitigated wrath of billions .
thin leaders looked at fat leaders and entertained fleeting thoughts about their lack of self - control : no wonder their countries had incurred staggering foreign debts .
` ` the past is another country .
the handful of people at the table , mainly senior administrators and analysts from the country 's principal intelligence agencies , had made their separate ways to the blandly handsome building on sixteenth street , using the side entrance that was accessible from a private driveway and guaranteed that arrivals and departures would not attract notice .
they 'd also appeared at eight banks around the country , demanding account information on both the corporation and hale .
no accounts in the other seven countries had been touched .
` ` only from the enemies of this country . ''
the agency was a holdover from the reagan years , when it had been responsible for some of the country 's best intelligence coups .
her twelve agents had accomplished many of the country 's recent successes - ferreting out the treason of daniels ' first vice president , stopping the central asian federation , eliminating the paris club , even effecting a peaceful transition of power in china .
he held the president responsible for his unemployment and for an overall shortage of money in the country .
washington knew what the commonwealth had done for the country during the revolution .
all that the commonwealth had done for the country , during and since the american revolution , and he got spit on .
the first president and the second congress of this country legally granted us the authority to act , so long as it was directed toward our enemies . ''
` ` you 're the first lady of this country .
he was simply an american who 'd served his country until deemed too reckless to be kept on the payroll .
` ` that this country would be in dire jeopardy if we did n't spend billions of dollars every year on what you do .
that would not be good for the white house , the intelligence community , or the country .
` ` we simply stopped some presidential assassins from fleeing the country , '' he said .
third , the biggest tort firm in the country could easily lose this case .
as lawyers around the country collected the cases and put together their coalitions , the inevitable conflicts arose .
there are a million lawyers in this country .
making the list of the twenty highest - paid lawyers in the country was mr . clay carter , coming in at an impressive number eight , estimated earnings of $ 110 million for the previous year .
and they were picking up the leftovers because 80 percent of the cases had already found their way into law offices around the country .
but the second war was raging , and d - day soon captured the attention of the country .
` ` more to the point , '' she continued , ` ` maybe one out of every three people in this country will be bright enough to understand your medical connection .
they 're telling the president that aggressive action against lazarus could trigger violent anti - american unrest in their own countries . ''
` ` nichols just got wind of a resolution some of the nonaligned countries on the council are going to propose .
he 's a bright fellow ... maybe too bright , and his fundamental loyalties lie outside this country . ''
max speculated aloud , naming both the french foreign intelligence service and the country 's counterterrorist specialists .
as the violence spread through countries on five continents , not even the veteran cbs anchor could contain his growing excitement .
more and more countries were aligning themselves with the movement 's demands for an immediate ban on all nanotech research .
france and germany and some of the other european countries have been working on another nasty surprise for us , behind the scenes .
scofield beyond the american killer 's brutal decision , the most electrifying aspect of scofield 's cable was the fact that he was no longer in the service of his country .
its objective is the control over both our countries .
` ` because above all men in either country 's intelligence service , we can not be permitted to live .
` ` within recent weeks , '' said the russian , ` ` two men of peace from both our countries were brutally assassinated , each government led to believe the other was responsible .
` ` i ' ve memorized the names and the countries , '' replied taleniekov .
the count understands that this pastor has extensive connections in the opec countries , acting frequently as a purchasing agent for oil - soaked sheiks .
the matarese orchestrated it , using the clandestine apparatuses of both countries . ''
both countries , you see , had just gone through their revolutions ; each was a new , emerging nation .
i daresay i could name four or five other countries where its holdings would stun these same people .
you said you could name four or five other countries where trans - comm has heavy investments .
the laws of the host country . ''
every conglomerate must adhere to the laws of the country in which its divisions operate .
that 's what i meant about the other countries . ''
you see , mrs . appleton , i think it 's very important for this country , that none of this touch the senator . ''
taleniekov and he had believed that once the proof was in their hands the two leaders of both their countries could be reached and convinced .
or in the interest of the country . ''
what visitors did not know was that each attendant was a professional guard , in the main , former commandos from various countries .
` ` along with four attorneys from four different countries , '' interjected pryce .
we assumed that our names , our personas , if you will , had taken each of our countries to the brink , only the intercession of the soviet premier and the american president curbing the hotheads .
` ` with the absorption of rockland farms , atlantic crown vastly enlarges its markets so as to better serve our clients in many countries .
after all , we must be realistic ; we must advance our civilized countries , not let them erode . ''
montrose junior had been in too many countries to doubt that .
we shall control the economies , and therefore the governments , of sixty - two countries , including the seven most influential national capitals .
three other people were killed here in england within hours of amanda 's murder , and each was suspected of being part of a financial conspiracy affecting many countries and millions upon millions of people . ''
international conglomerates only have to satisfy the laws of the specific countries in which they operate .
when we have enough facts , evidence of a near - global conspiracy within the industrial countries , we can strike back . ''
where tracing is possible , only certain channels can be employed , channels that are within the laws of the country of receivership .
` ` probably dozens in as many countries .
hostile countries and warring factions have come together to put those fires out .
worse , we do n't want an eager second or third world country cutting a unilateral deal with the bombers . ''
the general said , ` ` so we ' ve maybe got some kind of new machine that can access and control all the world 's electronic software and hardware , including any country 's codes , encryptions , electronic keys for launching missiles , command structures , and instructions .
also too nosy , but then , as general henze had said , la porte was suspicious that something was up , and he had the interests of his country to protect .
they could be anyone from the iraqi government to a montana militia , from any country or terrorist gang in between .
from the number of languages i heard , i 'd say they 're from just about every country that has islamic fundamentalists .
his gaze still up on the stars , he said , ` ` you know , it 's obvious we 're all under the usual strict orders to play it close , tell nothing to anyone , especially agents of any other country on the same quest . ''
there was no shortage of countries in the third world that hated the united states and , to a lesser extent , britain , claiming great damage from their driving capitalism , that their brand of globalization ignored local customs and businesses and destroyed the environment , and that their cultural arrogance crushed sensible protest .
his gaze was intense , as if he were seeing every country , every ethnic group , analyzing every implication .
but i would n't be surprised if there were recruits from all of them , and we have indications some of the central asian tribes and countries could be involved as well . ''
how can a man devoted to his country 's history betray it ?
like sleeper spies or moles , terrorists often established new identities in target countries while maintaining entirely different lives elsewhere .
from what mauritania had said , the dna computer was going to reprogram an old soviet medium - range tactical nuclear missile and drop it on jerusalem , ` ` the heart of israel , '' erasing millions in that country as well as many others in neighboring nations , all arab countries , sacrificed for mauritania 's sick dreams .
` ` it sounds like a russian medium - range tactical warhead , probably to minimize damage to the arab countries around , but they 're going to be hurt , too .
soldiers move , stand at attention , march , stop , salute , and generally hold themselves differently , according to the country .
although the president knew that there were no such provisions for the rest of the country , that it would be simply impossible , he agonized anyway .
stratcom was the beating heart of the country 's defense , charged with the planning , targeting , and wartime deployment of strategic forces .
` ` and while dying for one 's country may have its points , let 's hope our islamic friends have made that option less necessary for us . ''
` ` an informal group of financial officials from the world 's richest countries .
he 'd come to discover this country 's past , not destroy it .
she 's so knowledgeable about this country 's history '' ` ` you seem to like her . ''
and notice the countries they picked .
if you analyze the current systematic conquering of the independent countries of the world you can easily find that , behind all of these aggressions , a pattern of unique power emerges that includes economy , military , media , and politicians .
there is no safer and more profitable business than lending money to countries .
by controlling the governments in the western countries , they control the whole western world .
if you follow global political policy you can easily see that democratically elected leaders of countries change , but policy follows the interests of the rich and therefore stays more or less the same .
the two - story shop was packed with information - thousands of books for sale , all arranged by country and period .
these allegations are hideous , and right now the whole country is looking at those damned pictures and wondering why we tortured an american citizen . ''
platt and rockland was a public company with twenty - one billion in stockholders ' equity , eighty thousand employees in thirty - six divisions in a hundred and three countries .
in a violent country without enough jail cells , surely such a simple offense from such a noncriminal could be handled swiftly with a small fine and a quick deportation .
he had friends in other countries , and contacts around the world .
given the importance of what they do , and the controversies that often surround them , and the violent people they sometimes confront , it is remarkable that in the history of this country only four active federal judges have been murdered .
at forty - eight , he became one of the youngest federal judges in the country and , with five kids , one of the most cash - strapped .
we 're approaching 2.5 million prisoners in this country , by far the highest rate of incarceration in any semicivilized nation .
he says , ` ` in this country , what 's the most common surname beginning with the letter b ? ''
i may not be the most heavily protected witness in the country , but i ' m probably in the top three .
there was a 90 percent chance i would be able to enter any country in the caribbean .
every pawnbroker in the country is now a gold trader , so you can imagine the crap that 's being bought and sold .
they rule our country , he said over and over .
keeley knows of several other lawsuits against great benefit now pending across die country .
policyholder suits are being filed around the country , and many more are expected .
eight of the largest tort firms in the country had allegedly put up a million bucks each to finance this showdown with the tobacco industry .
` ` there have been several of these cases around the country , and the tobacco industry has yet to get hit with a verdict .
if big tobacco loses this trial , then there will be an avalanche of litigation the likes of which this country has never seen .
it 's terribly important - important for us at justice , for the good of the country , and , of course , it 'll keep you outta prison for five years . ''
in four years they 'd lived in four towns , traveled to a half - dozen countries , seen most of north america , backpacked in alaska and mexico , rafted the colorado twice , and floated the amazon once .
he 'd love to start with the two of them and ask whose idea this was , such an ingenious , devious plan to study litigation , then follow it across the country , then plant oneself on the jury so a deal could be cut for a verdict .
last year our country spent six billion on medical costs directly related to smoking , and the number goes up each year .
' you also imply that heinrich kroeger is associated with , or connected to , a number of large corporations in this country .
speaking for this country , kroeger made fools out of a lot of prominent men .
' there are times when countries ... even countries in a state of war have the same objectives .
' there are times when countries ... even countries in a state of war have the same objectives .
to be able to defend our country is all we ask . '
his influence was felt in a dozen countries among scores of the industrial elite .
' my own country has lost two members , i ' m sad to note .
treacherous to you - to use mr . kroeger 's words - if they were known within your own countries . '
i have estimated three cents on the dollar - simultaneously , every bit of information scarlatti has learned of your questionable activities will be released to the major wire services in each of your countries ... you might sustain slander by itself , gentlemen .
bartlett handed her a sheet of paper with a list of names on it , followed by dates of birth and countries of residence .
now maybe your country , with its power and wealth , thinks it can do the same .
ben remembered the security expert who 'd lectured the senior executives at hartman capital management about kidnapping risks in third - world countries , drilling them on a list of recommended countermeasures .
were there others who had access to the names attached to those files whether in the justice department , in the cia , or in foreign countries ?
a swift search of the country 's arrival records would reveal that he had no documented arrival .
they could have been international businessmen from any country in the world , although in fact they were speaking dutch , which the video expert understood reasonably well .
our country is perhaps not the most progressive , in some ways .
oh , of course , they 'll tell themselves that what they do is for the good of the country , sparing the good name of the united states .
and the fact that the swiss have made a name for themselves in harboring tax fugitives means that other countries ignore swiss extradition requests as a matter of policy . ''
see , i like to get arrested in every country i visit .
more recently , you ' ve had some unexplained connection to shootings in that country .
physicians in austria , as in many countries in the world , are required by law to report gunshot wounds to the police .
men who , in combination , wielded control over assets that exceeded the gross domestic product of most of the countries in the world put together .
correct me if i ' m wrong , but anyone who visits me as an agent of american law enforcement is here as a guest of my country .
you have n't done that because you are no longer in the employ of your country .
every ' civilized ' country in the world has outlawed it .
no court in the country will allow it into evidence .
advocates all over the country are attacking these laws .
any jury in the country could follow the rationale .
there were two charts , both taken from u.s . law magazine , one listing the top ten law firms in the country by size , and the other ranking the firms by how much the partners averaged last year in compensation .
for thirty - two years , the judge had earned a chancellor 's salary , which was among the lowest in the country .
these lawyers are teaming up with other lawyers around the country .
miyer - brack was a swiss pharmaceutical giant , privately owned , with interests in sixty countries , according to the deposition of its american representative .
i ' m the new king of torts in this country , ray .
` ` if von schiissler 's a german patriot , as you suspect , he 's hardly going to betray his own country in the midst of a war .
as the chief of my country 's entire military - industrial complex , the dirizhor , as he 's called , holds vast power in his hands . ''
` ` you ' ve never compromised the interests of your own country , and neither have i. i suppose we ' ve both acted as ... as ... '' ` ` as circuit breakers , i ' ve always thought .
stephen had often reflected upon whether the vocation he had chosen a spy for his country , requiring impersonation and acting and the assumption of a cover identity had been his response to the falseness he 'd perceived in his father 's social whirl .
the security organs assumed that all diplomats were secretly spies after all , most of the soviet diplomats assigned abroad were spies , so why should n't every other country work the same way ?
there was nothing out of the ordinary about an american businessman stopping into his own country 's embassy .
any country that threatens him , he 'll attack and attack first .
but we have no interest in invading other countries . ''
` ` my country has no friends , metcalfe .
` ` the more our two countries know about one another , '' he 'd said , ` ` the longer this peace between us will last .
the capitalist ruling circles in all the countries of europe will , as a result of their mutually destructive war , become weak and unable to challenge the glorious rise of socialism throughout europe and the world .
` ` ambassador metcalfe , you are a great man in your own country .
we are talking about going back to an arms race that has already broken your country .
` ` they 'd wreck their own country to eliminate stalin ?
metcalfe knew what gerlach was really talking about : every time the nazis had invaded a country from poland and czechoslovakia to norway , denmark , and the low countries they would loot the country 's treasury , seize its gold reserves .
` ` there are more important things to judge a country by than its cigarettes . ''
` ` you , who have seen what our great tyrant has done to one of the greatest countries in the world , would ask me why i want to leave ?
whether you agree or disagree with hitler , you 'd have to be a fool not to see how he took a rotten , decayed country , overrun by jews and communists , and cleaned it up , built it into a goddamned powerhouse , the strongest , most powerful nation in europe . ''
the history of our two countries is filled with so many missteps , so many terrible errors .
a head of state making an unannounced visit to another country for no apparent reason .
using specific parameters vincenti provided , i secured a dozen volunteers from various health clinics throughout the country .
` ` we want the end result to be that the americans withdraw from the country as we take control .
hope the public health disaster was contained in countries that , by and large , none of them cared about .
but i was happy to serve my country any way i could , and i did .
the embassies belonged to new countries reacher had never heard of , but their fences were ok .
` ` geh , '' says the coulee country 's favorite investigative reporter , repeatedly poking the batteries at the foolscap .
` ` people i 'd invited in like it 's done in a civilized country with decent laws .
` ` my word , '' rainbird said , ` ` that if i disappear , such a shockwave of revulsion and indignation will run through this country within the month that watergate will look like the filching of penny candy in comparison .
i gave my country four years of my life and one eye .
a press conference would mean that the whole country would know about us .
if released upon an enemy , it could wipe out the country 's entire agricultural industry , devastating the land without a single shot being fired .
` ` the fbi has fifty - six field offices , and the dc field office is the second - largest in the country .
i know that you ca n't be put on trial for piracy , so long as you do n't attack ships belonging to your own country , that 's it , is n't it ? ''
the alliance between england and spain may well have been an uneasy one , but there were certain matters on which both countries agreed .
our two countries are at war , are they not ? ''
and there were others who said america was simply too big to be governed by us ; that it was a tinderbox , ready to go off ; that its people would grow tired of the taxes imposed upon them so that a country thousands of miles away could fight wars with other countries thousands of miles away ; and that when it did go off we might not have the resources to protect our interests .
and had n't it been pope alexander vi who 'd divided , in his great judgment , the southern continent of the new americas , through a vertical line , between the colonizing countries of portugal and spain by the treaty of tordesillas in 1494 , the same year the new disease broke out - for the first time in italy - so badly in naples ?
ezio wondered how far the bigoted king 's designs would have an impact on that country , where cesare had such close family ties , being the brother - in - law of its french king .
` ` he offered us the use of a couple of stingers , in case there 's a country we want to overthrow anytime soon . ''
i own judges , policemen , politicians , whole governments in some countries , and now i own you . ''
sure , the da 's office seemed to say , you walked into the plymouth bunker with enough illegal firepower to invade a country , but you brought a rich kid out alive .
` ` protecting this country . ''
` ` but plenty of recent studies have shown that it 's our coddling of pubescent children in this country that contributes to an extended adolescence and arrested development . ''
this whole time on the run , i ' m like you - i ' ve been advocating foreign countries , islands .
bunch of slackers without the guts to fight for their country .
` ` we do this or we dead , country . ''
you a country of boys .
` ` there are many ways to serve your country , mr .
` ` one that advocated violence , '' hoover said , and his voice was loud and strained , ` ` against this country . ''
` ` my point is , if you can jail a former presidential candidate for giving a speech , why ca n't you deport the most dangerous anarchist in the country ? ''
this country 's heading for one hell of a showdown , officer .
and if that occurs , this country will tear itself apart .
` ` since the war changed this country . ''
now how 's that dumb country supposed to ever get back on its feet ?
it 's what makes this country all that it is today . ''
but if you look behind the veil , you see how it 's been stolen by corporate interests to sell an ideal that is the antithesis of everything this country claims to represent . ''
you name the countries of this world , there 's probably a sticker on my suitcase for every one . ''
` ` do you know why baseball leagues are sprouting up all over the country ?
` ` maybe you can earn a hangover there , serve your country at the same time . ''
that 's what this country is built on .
and so the heroes of this country are not soldiers or athletes or even presidents .
` ` if i had a nickel for every time an actor tried to hold me up with stories of other offers during the middle of a show 's run , why , i 'd own my own country by now . ''
` ` this will be a summer of discontent , '' palmer promised , ` ` but not for this country .
` ` my current mandate is the deportation of every radical plotting against my country .
` ` this building is an affront to every value worth dying for in this country .
they 'll use that strike as a cudgel to fuck organized labor , irishmen , democrats , fuck anyone who ever thought of a decent day 's pay for a decent day 's work in this country .
they want troughs the size of countries .
respect for this country . ''
that affiliation is an affront to this country . ''
your country occupies theirs just like they occupy mine when they see fit . ''
the cubano fights for his country . ''
even insulated from it , joe was still as bewildered as everyone else by the elevator drop the country had taken in the last few years .
i ' m here to tell you that the reason prohibition will end is because- '' ` ` prohibition ai n't gon na end in a god - fearing country . ''
because the country needs all the millions it did n't get the past ten years on tariffs and import taxes and distribution taxes and interstate transport levies and , shit , you name it - could be billions they gave away .
and they 're going to ask me and people like me - you , for example - to make millions of dollars selling legal booze so we can save the country for them .
joe was sitting in the front office of his cigar export company - a fully legitimate corporation ; they lost a small fortune every year exporting superior tobacco to countries like ireland and sweden and france , where cigars had never really caught on - when irv and his daughter walked through the front door .
cuba , hit by the depression worse than most countries , was taking tentative steps toward recovery .
but all the great countries who 'd advanced civilization throughout history had done the same .
the father of their charge was one of those italians nursed in the memory of the antique glory of italy - one among the schiavi ognor fre menti , l who exerted himself to obtain the liberty of his country .
the republican institutions of our country have produced simpler and happier manners than those which prevail in the great monarchies that surround it .
their melancholy is soothing , and their joy elevating , to a degree i never experienced in studying the authors of any other country .
his son was bred in the service of his country ; and agatha had ranked with ladies of the highest distinction .
i had learned from these the relative situations of the different countries of the earth .
is not this a free country ? ''
back then i 'd only had to learn the major events of the war , and the leaders of the various countries .
cale had enjoyed battle in his youth , and while he could n't become a proper soldier because he could n't risk daylight , he understood they still hired mercenaries to fight in third - world countries .
` ` i ' m afraid while i was seen as a concubine , i was really playing puppet master with my lover and kind of ruling the country through him .
` ` anyway , he was only a duke , so it was n't like i was ruling a country and risking civil riots , but still i felt bad about it every time i did take control .
i spent the next fifty years or so cooking in royal palaces in various countries , extending my knowledge and honing my skills .
st . lucia was a british colony like canada and our two countries have a good relationship .
` ` by the ninth i would think she would be too exhausted to think of a new name , and certainly too fatigued to rule a country .
america was out of the question , and vampires were much more vulnerable in europe - where few countries had fol owed king henry 's example and integrated the supernatural set .
only one country knew anything substantial about preternaturals .
` ` one country under god , madam . ''
italy and the other conservative countries must be kept from excavating in egypt at al costs .
but affairs in distant countries can suddenly end up close to home .
old countries are blinking in the sunlight of the dawning millennium .
small countries were normal along this part of the ramtops .
frankly , we could hardly hope to rule a country if we went around killing everyone all the time , could we ?
' and ... you 're taking our country ? '
this was the way to run a country , he reflected .
i shall do my very best , for queen and country . ''
he was the type that traveled constantly , his coffin covered with stickers from countries and cities around the world .
the third one was embellished withstickers from countries and cities across the globe , and irecognized it as sebastian 's .
` ` yes , his is the one with stickers from different countries on it . ''
now by countries and weeks ? ''
` ` for blood , queen , and country , sir ? ''
for queen and country , the potentate had said .
` ` our petroleum and mineral rights in a country where most have very little is cause for concern and jealousy .
i do n't know the laws in this country , but when someone is murdered , the law and the press are notified .
we love , we worship , we work , we give service to our countries .
i work almost exclusively in the evening and night , as i deal with so many different countries and time zones .
you were heroically serving your country .
he had played out this same scene on so many battlefields , in so many countries , in so many centuries .
they had eight countries to patrol , and the malinov brothers would know how impossible it was to cover every inch of the rain forest .
jaguars have psychic abilities , so i knew that was how they were finding the ones in other countries and targeting them for kidnapping .
i know that ' little man ' is often used for boys instead of men in some countries . ''
his family had established ranches in the countries they patrolled throughout the amazon and the other rivers that fed it .
` ` you are a legal citizen of this country , honey .
` ` then i must apologize as i do not understand the relationships of men and women in other countries . ''
why seek death when you have a plan to rule every country ?
andre moved through countries like a ghost , drifting in only to pay his respects and pledge his allegiance .
` ` in some countries , when an item is made for a home , a small flaw is added because it is believed that if something is too perfect , evil will be drawn to the maker . ''
our country lost a true patriot , one of the best .
the japanese development of a synthetic blood that could satisfy the nutritional needs of the undead had made such a revelation possible , and in the past five years , vampires had worked their way into the mainstream of society in a few countries .
` ` you 're taking the history of my country , '' sean said , reading the spines of the textbooks piled on the tiny table that served as rue 's desk .
the third world countries were decimated in a frightening three weeks , and the u.s . shut down in four .
chase noticed he had company coming upstairs , extra security precaution , now that the country 's second highest in command was in the building .
` ` inside , you 'll find coins from countries all around the world . ''
` ` seattle 's making a run for murder capitol of the country .
i am a neutral country .
it 's been reported all over the country , probably all over the world .
` ` any chance of doing a history check in both countries ? ''
it was just as well he was one of the top special effects artists in the country , because he 'd never be able to afford his ever - changing looks otherwise and it always made me wonder how the hell he 'd survived the military 's strict rules for ten years .
the u.s . would have followed the third world countries into chaos if the hidden inderlanders had n't stepped in to halt the spread of the virus , burn the dead , and keep civilization running until what was left of humanity finished mourning .
` ` as am i , wife , as am i. i have killed many people in my day , for queen and country , for pack and challenge ; rarely do i get to say i am proud of that part of my afterlife .
if angelique 's testament is as they say , and you never formally adopted quesnel under british law , then her claim is valid and legally recognized in this country . ''
the true power of a country often lies not in the reins of officialdom , but rather , in the strength of the crime syndicates . ''
` ` my dad procures art for his galleries in several countries .
in some countries you could be jailed .
the guy had been an alum of columbia and applying for an internship at st . francis and manny had been on the recruiting team that had been convened to snag the bastard - goldberg had been a star , even back then , and manny had wanted to build the strongest department in the country .
it 's like some third - world country threw it out for prisoner abuse .
you could n't bang countries together .
so what we have here is a country that tries to run itself on the commandments of a god who , the people feel , may be wearing his underpants on his head .
to be honest , that 's how these countries work in any case .
` ` we ca n't have a country that turns back our mail coaches and keeps cutting down the clacks towers .
they keep you down and when they piss off some other country , you have to fight for them !
it 's only your country when they want you to get killed ! ''
there are more than six countries ranged against you , including genua and mouldavia and ankh - morpork .
all countries fight , but you brawl .
` ` would you agree that sometimes a country 's system is so out of date that it 's only the outsiders that can see the need for wholesale change ? ''
the little countries here fought because of the river , because of idiot treaties , because of royal rows , but mostly they fought because they had always fought .
you did n't do it to save duchesses , or countries .
more'n a third of the country 's high command .
your country is going to fall over anyway .
you do n't appear to be as insane as your country 's foreign policy .
` ` we are a proud country . ''
` ` from this desk here , '' he said , ` ` the only thing your country has to be proud of right now is you women . ''
i suppose you still have someone in your country who knows about the kind of international affairs that do n't involve edged weapons ? ''
most people in ankh - morpork had n't even heard of your country until the clacks went down .
there 's dozens of little countries round here selling one another hand - painted clogs or beer made from turnips .
and there 're other people , people who sit and think about the future every day , who believe it 's worth a little to be friends with a country like that . ''
look , we 'd rather prince heinrich was n't ruler of two countries .
a credit to the women of your country .
` ` for the good of our great countries , '' said heinrich , ` ` it is suggested that we publicly shake the hand of friendship . ''
plucky little countries seeking self - determination ... could be useful to big countries with plans of their own .
plucky little countries seeking self - determination ... could be useful to big countries with plans of their own .
` ` then on behalf of our country , i would like to thank you for protecting us , '' the president said .
` ` i ' ve played hostess at a lot of events , and i ' ve met people from strange countries and cultures .
she wanted to hear about the countries i 'd visited , the people i 'd met , the adventures i 'd had .
sell it to as many countries as he can , to spread the word and increase the chances of the story capturing the attention of vampires and vampaneze .
the other held a colt lupis revolver , the silver - bullet - slinger out of america - only the best from that most superstitious of countries .
` ` the only one i ' ve met in your country so far , '' answered mr . macdougall , sounding unbelievably rude - even for an american .
i 'll go somewhere and do something for other people ; i 'll work in third world countries or try to save an endangered species .
` ` wind energy is a powerful renewable resource that could have a huge impact on our country 's future ! ''
the turn actually began in the late summer of sixty - six when humanity began dying of a virus carried by a bioengineered tomato that was supposed to feed the growing populations of the third - world countries , but it was on halloween that we celebrated it .
` ` there are always new countries , new decades , new situations .
` ` nothing about a country that used crystals for power . ''
they were wonderful , often full of colorful postcards and odd pieces of currency from the countries where maharet lived .
walk through the museums of all countries ; it is religious painting and sculpture that dazzles and humbles the soul .
` ` yet what has been the price of that faith which galvanizes countries and sends army against army ; which divides up the map of nations into victor and vanquished ; which annihilates the worshipers of alien gods .
she saw the old names , too , of continents and countries and seas , written in gold script on the sheet of glass that covered the three - dimensional illusion of mountains , plains , valleys .
the misery of even one country was more than the mind could endure , were it described in even vague detail .
nobby '' s face was an open book , albeit the kind that got banned in some countries .
the last thing we need is more of them entering the country !
the hat , ivy no doubt felt , went with the egyptian aesthetic , and it was her way of honoring their host country .
i think florence knew many things by that time that would only much later be learnt in france and england , and which are not known in some countries to this day .
she just keeps humming tom jones tune as she flips enough pancakes to feed several small african countries .
what are the odds that every single year across the country , one team and one team only has a coach who dies under bizarre circumstances right as they 're heading to the play - offs ?
i travel a lot to different cities and countries where we have staffs . ''
he owed both of them a payback large enough to get the country completely out of debt .
when you come upon these with their gun belts , and their vow to kill themselves along with the entire population of a country , it 's best just to ... kill them on the spot . ''
the words differ from country to country , from ephesus to delphi , to the northern steppes .
bombs can be sent without pilots from one country to another to destroy even the biggest cities with the highest buildings .
esther belkin , my lost one , was mourned by thousands who had never known her , her story broadcast to every country which could receive the cable news network , or , as it was mostly known , cnn .
struggling little countries vied with larger and more powerful nations to buy up legally or illegally the armaments and explosives of crumbling empires .
it was a world of empires , nations , countries , and gangs ; and the smallest gang could dominate the television screens of the entire world with one well - planned explosion .
he goes to other countries , he asks for reception by dictators and establishes temples in countries that ... and then all this about terrorism .
he goes to other countries , he asks for reception by dictators and establishes temples in countries that ... and then all this about terrorism .
the maps were dazzling and filled with pulsing neon colors , countries done in scarlet and yellow and rivers drawn in light like lightning .
the great unsalvageable world - the world that alexander could n't save , or rome , or constantine , or the president of this country , or the united nations , or all the weak fumbling liberal kindhearted peacemakers of today who do nothing but preside over massacres ! ''
you will kill the balkan countries .
` ` but we want to spare all other european countries .
` ` and you think the president of this country is going to take your hand for this ? ''
` ` the temple of the mind in every country must be stopped .
the temple will annihilate the peoples of whole countries .
i watched the television endlessly as the temples were contained and destroyed in various countries .
the family 's huge ; branches exist in almost every country in the world ; she 'd spent most of the first decade of the new millennium sitting in law offices and bank offices and building libraries and archives so that the family would survive without her . ''
the names we found came from different countries and centuries ; all they had in common was that they did n't tell us anything .
though only fourteen years old , charity was already widely considered unmarriageable , even in a country where men outnumbered women .
not the cops , or military , or even the leaders of the country where the monastery was located .
we were able to sneak right back out of the morgue - a happy coincidence for us , an unsettling lack in homeland security for the rest of the country .
in that moment , in this lighting , i had a brief flashback to the disturbed teenage boy who seemed to relish pulling back his upper lip in the courtroom , the boy whose fanged smile had made front page headlines across the country .
` ` you 're a guest of our country .
she touched the piece of amber in her pocket , remembering amy 's fascination with this country 's history .
` ` i ' m sorry , but i ' m not bothering the leader of the country 's vamps to see if she can find out who your friend had a date with . ''
yes , madigan was a prejudiced prick who 'd royally screwed tate over , but if being intolerant and screwing someone out of a well - earned promotion was a crime , this country would need to build a lot more jails .
our country has enough problems as it is with human terrorists .
bones had mastered the art of seduction before this country even elected its first president .
you 'll be flush inside of two months while providing an invaluable service to your country to boot .
` ` every other person in this country 's armed .
if you are a man or a woman with no country , who do you appeal to when you 're in need ?
the worst of our kind treats his people better than your countries treat their citizens . ''
when i ' m president , this country will have a major overhaul .
any previous rulers were of high interest in any country right now .
i ' ve strategically placed three trucks throughout the united states in long - term parking garages in case i ever need another vehicle in this country , not counting the ones i have at my other homes .
i do n't even know what country it originated from .
true , he had traveled the world many times over , seen countries and kings rise and fall , but what had he ever accomplished ?
the rise and fall of kings and countries , the decline of nations , devastating plagues and wars without end .
with the passage of a hundred years , there would be new inventions to explore , new dynasties , new fashions , perhaps a new language , new countries , new methods of communication and transportation .
they were actually bringing them in from other countries . ''
` ` it will take this thing less than one week to finish off all of manhattan , and less than a month to overtake the country .
oach country has boon guarding its flank and its intornational profilo , trying to avoid a moltdown of travol and commorco , which -- as i undorstand it -- is , in fact , oxactly what oach countryshould be sooking .
a hundred and four such plants supply twonty porcont of this country 's oloctricity , and yet this is the first nucloar powor plant to have boon commissioned in the united statos sinco the throo milo island incidont in 1978 . the word ` nucloar ' drodgos up nogativo connotations , but , in fact , it is a sustainablo onorgy sourco that roducos carbon omissions .
matt said it was in appreciation for what he 'd done for the country so far and patted ashe on the shoulder .
now , he and his mercenaries had been shut out of farus , whose king was busy setting up trade with the countries farther south , specializing in fish and fish oil for lamps .
the value of the tile alone could have fed a third world country on earth for several years .
it is now legal to have multiple husbands or wives , and in some countries , group marriages are also legal and accepted . ''
he could destroy countries with you , cara mia .
they 'd made an attempt on the vice president already ; if that had succeeded , and then they 'd succeeded in this attempt on the president and the others , the entire country would be in chaos .
` ` cara , you can not take responsibility for the unrest in those countries , '' gavin said .
he laughed and said that the others depended on donors who were paid in some of the poorer countries .
ecological groups were accusing chinese companies of not working hard enough to bring china in line with other countries on greenhouse gas legislation .
the speech was a good one , concerning the economy and other issues facing the country and how the u.s . figured into the global scheme of things .
if lissa had n't been available to help , the country might now be in crisis .
even followers from other countries were joining the movement .
i squint - they 're flags , half a dozen of them , from sol - earth countries .
` ` but the truth is that the librarians control the information in your country .
but ... well , how many people from other countries have you known who could speak your language perfectly ? ''
silvery armor , rectangular face , a chin that could destroy small countries if it fell into the wrong hands .
and today our country is gorging itself on pie and casseroles , and we need to be a part of that . ''
he has entered ( for lack of a better reference ) an art world epcot center , each country 's pavilion beckoning him forward .
larry king nightly in seventy countries worldwide .
it is equally unfortunate on a global scale that things are heating up between our two countries and that randall and i , who now sit and eat and drink together , could yet end up on opposite sides of a great battle , each trying to kill the other .
why would a country like ours , which so prizes the so - called purity of its women so much , have them wear something like a dress ?
the republic had taken the country through nearly three decades of indoctrination and propaganda before it was named scion in 1929 .
eager young tourists were brought in by the hundreds from non - scion countries , ready to be sent back as advocates for anti - clairvoyant policies .
the scion system was used by nine european countries , including england .
other countries would be excused for not sending their inquisitors , but not england .
not all countries used nitekind to execute clairvoyants .
when this ... unpleasantness ... between our countries is over , you must visit our estate in avignon .
he twines his fingers before his face and rests his chin on his hands and says , ` ` well , right before christmas in 1807 , our president jefferson signed into law an act forbidding all american shippers from trading with any country that also trades with great britain or france . ''
still , it rankles me ... the shame , the shame ... and it enrages many in the service and many in the government , and if our two countries once again take up arms against each other , it will be in part because of the chesapeake - leopard affair .
` ` in spite of our recent difficulties , our two countries are not officially at war , and considering the brotherly love we have for each other , i hope with all my heart that they never shall be ! ''
` ` states or countries ? ''
whenever my mom makes pancakes , they are usually the shape of states or countries .
now , ` ` it 's a free country '' has to be the lamest reason ever invented .
we drive through the city and down a street lined with the flags of many different countries before we get out of the bus , climb a set of concrete stairs that lead to huge old - looking columns , and then into the franklin institute .
he described each country or city and what he liked and did n't like about it .
i stared at him blankly , like he 'd just asked me to recite the capitals of every country in the world .
the civil war turned this country against itself , oftentimes brother against brother .
the stars and stripes was folded at the bottom of a whole stack of newspapers - from about as many countries as i could name .
twelve thousand seven hundred and fifty - four dollars and three cents in coins , from six countries .
and i finally understood why paris had risked his country and his blood for helen .
several countries were on the brink of war .
those countries on the verge may make war just because we ' ve released him .
i thought when i first got here that all these girls were just bits of fluff , but i ' m finding that they are pretty political and this country ai n't easy with itself in some things .
if i had my own country , guys would swim in long pants .
not a guy destined to be a billionaire , or the next prince of whatever country that still has princes and such .
it was a little bland , a lot hot , and though their hotel ostensibly had air - conditioning , it had ceased to function some time in the night , which they had not noticed , since the nights actually were cool enough for curing ennui and populating countries .
and so , the incidents : explosives planted in prisons , and city halls , and government offices across the country .
now , more than ever , the country needs its symbols .
fred says that half the country 's business is conducted in golf clubs like this one ; there 's a reason , he says , that the consortium made golf the national sport nearly thirty years ago .
like i said , this is a civilized country . ''
that was the first year that a national system of ranking was established , made consistent across the country .
we were n't supposed to talk about other countries , or even know their names .
but , the damage was not contained to one region or one country .
the idea of tilling soil and growing food was for peasants in third world countries .
it meant that after he was dead , he did n't care what mess he left behind for his country to clean up .
she was going to be the inspiration for something that destroyed cities ... countries .
this is for wiping out another country ! ''
a missile that would wipe out half a country .
when they flee the country , the hunter follows them until the next country has been alerted and can take over the hunt with one of their own guild .
we 're innocent until proven guilty in this country , and the defendants have yet to be convicted of any crimes .
according to corrado , it was one of the best art schools in the country .
` ` are you giving me the it 's a free country spiel ? ''
i mean , the fact that i live in a democratic country does n't guarantee my life will be problem - free .
not only was bex not paying attention to madame dabney 's anguished cries and the laws which govern the operation of motor vehicles in this country , but - and here 's the weird thing - liz was n't freaking out !
` ` we owe it to your country . ''
not even the sight of mr . smith appearing in countries of the world ( cow ) with a jar of coins , telling us to make change for a dollar in eight different currencies while factoring in exchange rates , could make me stop obsessing about that door and the secrets it was masking .
mr . smith asked an hour later , but i ' m pretty sure i speak for the entire sophomore class when i say that we were far less interested in the countries of the world than we were in what was going on in our own school .
as the governor of vermont and his wife took their places , i could n't help but notice that one of the most powerful men in the country looked absolutely terrified of the woman with the clipboard .
i saw the new face of mr . smith , our countries of the world instructor , who is one of the more paranoid government operatives on the planet and chooses to prove it by getting a new face every year during summer vacation .
macey was in the junior level countries of the world class , so she sat right beside me as mr . smith talked for forty - five minutes about the pros and cons of getting your cosmetic surgery at cia - approved facilities .
` ` besides , '' she said playfully batting her eyes , ` ` my father is potentially the second most powerful man in the country . ''
as we walked closer to the hotel , we passed correspondents reporting live for every news outlet in the country , and i could n't help myself - i thought about boston .
between them they 'd probably mastered a hundred identities in a dozen countries .
` ` patricia , harvey seems to think we 'll only have one shot at this so ... '' our countries of the world teacher motioned as if to say let 's hurry this along .
like what was going to be on our countries of the world final and exactly how much fudge grandma morgan was going to make me eat over winter break as soon as she saw how skinny i was .
` ` good morning , ladies , '' mr . smith said , even though he 'd already seen us in countries of the world .
` ` your country needs you . ''
` ` i mean my daughter was flown to the far corner of this country only to see the ambassador killed and have the gunman turn on her . ''
crowds stood between us and the long row of flags from all the participating countries .
he looked like the dorky boy who 'd been standing in his father 's shadow , on the verge of becoming the country 's first son .
we adhere to the honor code of this institution and the laws of this country . ''
you ' ve kidnapped me to this country that wants me to be a citizen .
` ` she 's not a third world country . ''
` ` is n't this a free country ? ''
there would n't be anyone left to protect our country .
` ` he 's one of the top real estate developers in the country .
i ' m proud to be able to protect my people , my country .
how can they know the truth -- that some of the countries surrounding them would like nothing better than to destroy their country -- and still live carefree lives ?
i ' m not sure if it 's because it hurts to recall that week of training or if it 's because he desperately wants his country to live in peace but does n't see how that 's possible .
we found each other but live in two different countries .
i love the passion you have for your country and your willingness and dedication to protect it at all costs ... '' i cup avi s cheek in my hand .
i know , i know , i ' m not doing my country any favors by playing dumb .
getting to see all those different countries .
it sounded like the kind they have in american action movies , and the guy i was traveling with commented on how each country had its own siren sound .
` ` we should change our names with every new country , '' adelina had whispered when she was signy and we were in norway , where our ship landed after months at sea .
at the end of calle principal , i stare at the school building , hating the front door and the windows , angry at all the time i ' ve spent inside when i should have been on the move , changing my name with each new country .
they think they 're keeping their country safe .
it 's the sixth tallest building in the country .
' setrakus ra has also been supplying us with iridium , a chemical that 's incredibly rare on earth , and we ' ve made scientific breakthroughs with it that will make this country billions of dollars .
' we are doing what 's best for this country . '
we ' ve played this game so much i do n't need to ask her which countries she 'd like to claim , or which territories she 'd like to fortify .
as a country . ''
` ` i do n't know if you can change a country , '' jasper says .
his mind had a hard time grasping names of places , or remembering countries or rulers , how the world was organized .
for one thing , i know she did n't take kindly to my rule of no smoking at any time in officers ' country , as it has become known .
this , of course , enrages the united states government and increases the growing tension between the two countries .
after all , we are all of us , yes , me and you , too , only poor sailors , sent out on the wild and wasteful ocean by our countries to do their will .
things that your country might someday thank you for . ''
` ` my country has done nothing but abandon me to the streets , deceive me , denounce me , hound me , and finally run me down like a dog .
what country is that ? ''
` ` you will do whatever is necessary for king and country . ''
it 's funny , ai n't it , i muse , as i pick out half a dozen fancy embroidered handkerchiefs to the extreme delight of the shop owner , that these three countries , britain , france , and america - sometimes friends but most often enemies - all use red , white , and blue for their colors ?
` ` i have served my country and i made a tidy twenty francs last night as well . ''
i am a traitor to my own country . ''
know that i would not keep company with a base traitor , one who sells out his country for money or position .
he is my contact out here on the field , and is , therefore , a traitor to his country , yet he is going to march out with us as a lieutenant in the light cavalry and risk his life for napoleon .
i was sent here as a spy to benefit my own country , and here i am with a message that could change the outcome of this battle .
` ` now that the country 's all broken up ?
the elevator door opens on the ground floor and we 're greeted and escorted out by hotel security and i suppress the urge to sit them down for a good honest discussion about our country 's founding principles of civil liberties because that would take away from my time with nick .
we make meetings and do n't get lost in other countries .
` ` i hear in some countries every time you do that , they chop off a finger . ''
` ` listen , i ' m an american and fight for this country , but that do n't mean i ignore my mexican heritage like it 's somethin ' to be ashamed of . ''
` ` people in other countries probably do n't , though . ''
men , i swear , no matter what the country , no matter what the culture .
sailing in company with her was a small brig , flying colors not generally associated with any known country , that was unloading broadsides into the flanks of the san cristobal with both impunity and great rapidity , distracting the spanish ship sufficiently to give us a much appreciated breathing space .
` ` last time the people fought , '' prof said , ` ` the epics slaughtered millions and the country collapsed . ''
so now , do tell me : what country are we at war with in the twenty - first century ? ''
until not so long ago , hair of that color was enough to get you burnt as a witch in many countries .
` ` that would be really great for the obesity epidemic in this country , '' i say , raining on jett 's nacho parade .
besides , nerds are the ones who run this country .
i tend to avoid it , but there 's something i need , so i braved throng of people who have five hundred dollar phones pontificating about the water shortage in third world countries and keep my head down as i head for the cd section .
you ' ve notified multiple sectors , which means the entire country now knows .
adam says the reestablishment had its hands in every country , ready for the moment to bring its leaders into a position of control .
he tells me how there are multiple headquarters across what 's left of the country .
she was english on her mother 's side and austrian on her father's - they 'd been generations removed from the mother countries and both only childs to boot , but she 'd wanted to see if she could track down any distant relations .
each region of every country is appointed a regent and under him a team of judges to handle smaller and more menial concerns .
i was in the middle of the desert , surrounded by sand dunes that rolled across countries .
lucan 's usual protocol called for his dignitaries to be sent back to their home countries , or near their home countries , at least in the same region .
lucan 's usual protocol called for his dignitaries to be sent back to their home countries , or near their home countries , at least in the same region .
other countries do n't treat their grisha so well as ravka , '' he said grimly .
then he muttered , ` ` we all know who 's running the country . ''
hey , in some countries , goiters are considered very fashionable . ''
i ' m trying to keep a country from falling apart , not steal your best girl . ''
` ` is it so hard to believe i might actually care what happens to this country ? ''
once he realizes what it really takes to run a country , i doubt he 'll be able to run from the capital fast enough . ''
armed soldiers kept watch from the old battlements - a good precaution for a country at war , and a deadly reminder to the people below to keep things orderly .
the sun summoner 's power was a valuable bartering chip in ravka 's attempts to forge alliances with other countries , and i was frequently asked to put in appearances at diplomatic gatherings to demonstrate my power and prove that i was , in fact , alive .
` ` it 's because you actually care about what happens to this country , '' i said .
` ` a country free from tyrants and kings !
but when it came to them asking me what year it is or who the current prime minister of the country is , or well basically anything about myself - i could n't answer because i do n't know .
the burqa , however - women have worn that in many countries for thousands of years .
` ` tha ' one there is the columbian fountain - macmonnies , the guy who designed it , tol ' me it 's s'posed to be a symbol for the country and how much progress we made since columbus came .
your country would want this .
i was so fixated on winning that bet with brazil that i never thought much about any of the other countries , but now that i ' ve lost , it 's easy to imagine .
foreign countries .
i cleared my throat , ` ` okay , '' i laughed a little , nervous , ` ` i have dreams of becoming a physician , of donating my time to countries where medical attention is needed most . ''
so far fire comprises representatives from the north american alliance , russia , the european union , the united states of africa , and mexico , all countries that have suffered catastrophic damage from the sun flares .
how could a man who looked so bored and useless be responsible for not just the fate of several lives , but of his entire country ?
most were from eyllwe , one of the last countries still fighting adarlan 's rule .
` ` you know that the situation between our countries is n't pleasant right now .
and how could he someday rule a country whose soldiers had been trained to have so little compassion for human life ?
to fight for the one thing that was more important than the fate of her country : the fate of the world .
while you are there , you will also seize their naval and military defense plans - so that once the country is in chaos , we will be able to navigate their impenetrable barrier reefs and take the country for ourselves . ''
while you are there , you will also seize their naval and military defense plans - so that once the country is in chaos , we will be able to navigate their impenetrable barrier reefs and take the country for ourselves . ''
if some a**hole on the radio was saying that all immigrants should go back to the countries they 're from , you 'd pay attention .
for one thing she was n't supposed to be there , and for another the admiralty said the country would run out of brass if they give a medal to every woman aboard those ships on that day . ''
we are honest privateers and take only the cargoes and ships of enemy countries .
i ' ve always wanted to learn about other countries ' fiber arts history .
` ` to protect our country , preserve freedoms , uphold the honor of the corps . ''
in a 2008 report , the doctors explained that three patients had been euthanased between 2005 and 2007 ... ... at the time of writing the article , the doctors were enthusiastic about the potential for organ donation in countries where euthanasia is legal ... ...
39 - connor the man with proactive citizenry said that unwinding was at the core of the country 's way of life .
part seven landings our country is challenged at home and abroad ... it is our will that is being tried and not our strength .
and , since there is such disparity between wealthy and poor countries , there is n't much chance the illicit trade will end anytime soon .
` ` about half the states in this country have a measure on this year 's ballot that will allow the unwinding of violent criminals , '' he had told hayden with an unpleasant yellow - toothed grin .
the authorities are a bit agitated , you know ... ... and i am being sent to the war zone to do my duty to crown and country .
` ` avery came up with this song to help me remember where the countries were . ''
do n't forget i was the one who swam with sharks and eels and monsters of the deep to enrich my country in her time of need !
it is ironic - you risk your life to save your country , and when you are successful , you find yourself out of a job .
school is its own country , he seemed to be saying in all that he was n't saying .
finally , when some foreign countries decided they wanted to be paid their part of the debt , things began to bottom out .
i want to believe there are enough people in this country who agree with us and want to do the right thing .
our country has been attacked from within . ''
to do otherwise is against everything this country is about .
it 's been a good forty years since i last went to kansas , and i imagine it 's changed like this country 's changed - sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse .
one woman wore a shirt that said the oval office is no place for a sodomite , while another guy wore a cap that said this is my country ... do n't mess with it .
we will show our opponents the power of peace , and send the world a message that we are a country that loves peace above all else .
i know it 's a free country , but nobody should say those things .
on our screens , we could see other people across the country saying it , too .
i owe it to my voters , to my country , to our democracy , and to my faith in justice to actively and forcefully defeat any efforts that seek to undermine the results of this election and the will of the people .
i wondered if the country could survive that , or if we 'd go back to being brainwashed by products and false wars and individual conflicts .
we must remember the truths that our country is meant to hold as self - evident .
the alteration we seek is one that returns us all to our unalienable rights and to the great democratic nation that this country can be .
only top high school players in the country are admitted .
` ` he was kind of busy protectin ' our country , '' i say , although that 's only half - true .
he was busy protecting our country most of the time , but he did teach me how to throw a football .
' all countries excepting greece is getting visited some time or another , ' the bfg answered .
' it has a hundred different countries .
' for the last ten years we have been getting reports from nearly every country in the world about people disappearing mysteriously in the night .
they 're for new countries .
the author every country in the world that had in the past been visited by the foul man - eating giants sent telegrams of congratulations and thanks to the bfg and to sophie .
my protective screen against magnetic bombs is a tried and proven success , to the glory of our country and science and the lord . ''
free from both countries and the richest of all of them .
the extra guards , the electronic security ... it cost the corporation a fortune just to convince the mexican government to allow these national treasures to be taken out of the country . ''
that was where arthur had skimmed the cream off the top of countries i 'd never seen .
greedy rich guys like him are why this country 's in so much trouble . ''
the whole country would demand answers !
what better time to try out these alleged monsters than when the country is in chaos ? ''
if she could hardly stand up to amithy , how could she ever be expected to fight for her country ?
besides , worst case scenario - if you 're right and it 's all of north america - there are other countries .
if one guy 's broadcasting , there 's got to be another , and there are people in other countries , and then we 'll have a better picture . ''
that guy from england said there were enough all over the world to knock out just about every country . ''
by which i mean , i went on to make narkotika famous in a few different countries and then pass out in my own drool .
currently without country .
i was a man without a country .
greenmantle had always liked the idea of being a mysterious hit man , but that career goal invariably paled in comparison with his enjoyment of going out on the town and having people admire his reputation and driving his audi with its custom plate ( grnmntl ) and going on cheese holidays in countries that put little hats over their vowels like so : e. ` ` what do you want from me ? ''
more than one country for every year that i ' m alive .
by making every village everywhere reliant on the greencloaks and the nectar , they denied the power every country already has .
` ` in most countries . ''
he was intense and focused as he assessed the threat to his country .
and until the dragon 's terrible death their minds had touched , like two countries with a shared border .
` ` we represent the richest countries in the world .
i could tell all the rich countries to feed the poor ones and outlaw war and tell them from now on every penny they used to spend on weapons they now had to spend on finding cures for diseases and making cars that burn clean fuel .
` ` paraguay was just a random country , '' i said .
when it rained , there was a leak in the corner , just above the old , yellowing map , which was warped and bubbled from moisture , and which depicted cities and countries that had long ago ceased to exist ; then mr . elston would have to come , stomping and cursing , to set up a bucket between the boxes .
they belonged to no country , thus had no passport and could never leave that place to study overseas or work .
again this is what our country has descended into .
our country is the laughing stock of the entire world , and if its not , then the rest of the world is worse off .
well , yeah , china manny started to list the countries , but tainer cut him off .
of course he had heard of medilux , his father had been dealing with them , one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the country for years .
he did , but to many countries , and for a very long time .
after completing his education at a private school malcolm joined his countries small navy and was promptly sent away to england to train as an officer cadet at the britannia royal naval college at dartmouth .
it did nt do much for the countries failing economy , but it certainly filled his coffers quite quickly .
he had been superseded , and unfortunately the only person in his country who knew anything about yn 246 was the new president , and he hated boats , he had much better things to spend all his new found wealth on , so the engines and machinery were mothballed , the hull and superstructure was cocooned and the whole thing was left to quietly gather dust , but the dockyard had no problem with that , they had half expected it to happen .
john , you probably know better than i do the history this country and the whole world lived through at the end of the twenty - first century .
he had learned over his radio that when the president finally signed the cheque for all the broken glass in the government owned greenhouses in portugal , the country would be debt free ( he had remembered spain but forgot all about portugal ) , and a message direct from his commander in- chief made it clear that any more broken glass and the repairs would be financed out of his pay cheques .
prices and shortages became critical ; governments in the worst affected countries could no longer cope and began to fail .
unfortunately as we grew the global economy , we stripped many countries of their ability to be self - sustaining so when this crisis hit it was like a string of dominos as one country fell it took down another setting up a cascade .
unfortunately as we grew the global economy , we stripped many countries of their ability to be self - sustaining so when this crisis hit it was like a string of dominos as one country fell it took down another setting up a cascade .
the coast guard , on the other hand , is a bastard child part of homeland security and already had a mandate to operate within the country .
he said , captain collins welcome to puerto rico , i must apologize that it has taken so long for us to meet , but i have been kept busy with the affairs of running my country .
that 's not to say we do n't welcome warm relations between our countries .
i ' m sure the united states will be amicable toward your goals and i look forward to a future where there is cooperation and warm relations between our countries .
believe it advantageous to support mr . vellas position as leader wish to invite him and party as would go far cementing relations between countries .
i said , sir it is only fitting that you be seen leading your country back to prosperity , my commander concurred so consider yourself the guest of honor .
i believe government has encouraged the growth of banks as they need partners who will felicitate bond buying in order to finance their growing deficits , however , this too is unraveling as countries titter on the verge of default .
before you know it all that remains of this once proud company , is a rusting empty shell of a factory and its trade name stamped on a package along with the phrase made in china , mexico , or some other emerging country .
they now shun politics which is a shame for it leaves the field wide open to zealots and crooks that by their very nature lack the skills and scruples necessary to bring our country back to a state of prosperity .
just how much of the wealth generating assets can systematically be stripped from a country before it collapses ?
illegal immigration is the same we have no idea who is coming into the country .
scale it back up to the size of our country and there is absolutely no difference with just this exception .
we have to decide if we want to maintain a viable country or just exist on an undefined piece of dirt .
we have allowed this to go on unchecked for so long that there is such a lobby of illegal immigrants in this country that they are now able to openly usurp authority and dictate immigration policy to both state and federal government .
there should be no amnesty offered it is an affront to those patiently waiting around the world to legally immigrate to this country .
deport any individual who is discovered residing in this country illegally using whatever means it takes if that includes so - called profiling so be it .
i felt it my duty to try in some limited measure to ascertain if these individuals had the potential to pose a danger to me or my country , after all these years i ' m still left with an uneasy feeling about them .
for the last forty years , this country has been ravaged by many of the unprincipled individuals we have elected .
the way , i look at it , is , a statesman puts the interest and welfare of country and citizen first whereas a politician puts self and party before the welfare of citizen or country .
haiti is a prime example of what lay in store for more and more countries , where some event man - made or natural shatters the infrastructure which is already weakened and overtaxed .
the likelihood is as the world population grows this trend will continue eventually overtaking even first world countries .
germany has always placed great emphasis on manufacturing , it allowed them to ride out the global recession with a growing economy and low unemployment , if you stop and think about it , countries , that were making things , fared better in the recession than those who primarily bought or financed things .
how we can overcome the intransigence of individuals , institutions , and countries is beyond me for it appears to be ingrained into the human genome .
it may seem trivial at the moment and be heralded as the proper thing to do , yet when a country begins suppressing freedom of speech and expression or stifles honest dialog it starts down a slippery slope .
if other countries do not subscribe to a level playing field , it should nt be seen as an excuse to take advantage or to emulate them .
governments should concentrate on the critical business of the country and leave those hot button issues that ca n't be resolved to anyone 's satisfaction on the back burner where they belong .
in third world countries pleasure and happiness can be hard to come by , but its not as rare as one might think .
oh , they d argue that this is a free country , continued gilbert .
yes , i know , originally he was only interested in stopping the spread of slavery and he considered starting a new country for former slaves after emancipation god knows we heard that enough last night .
people around the world look to this country for leadership ; we represent a great experiment .
rick smiled broadly at the thought of three young girls being entrusted with enough money to buy several small countries and broke into a chuckle when it really hit him .
ill read : jews had been vagabonds a very long time , moving among nations and countries .
after one hundred years of money and manpower from the developed countries had been more than matched by a century of corruption , new disease strains , and tribal and national wars , the rest of the world had looked elsewhere than africa to ease its conscience and do its good .
chapter ten of my discontent from time immemorial , dissidents and false friends have waited until a leader has left his country to mount a coup .
wall street was to be sacrificed to expiate the capitalist pride and greed that had cost the country years of economic well - being during the great foreclosure exposure of 2008 - 2016 .
as she took in the view , iaocomo and emerald sloan , who owned a generic pharmaceutical company that specialized in std remedies for fourth and fifth world countries , came out to say hello , then went back to their office , which prissi remembered as being almost big as her fathers apartment .
a physicist by training , he was unable to reconcile the political climate of his country with his personal observations .
they have as much oil as the arab countries , but are so backward in their ability to extract it , that it ca nt be profitable to export .
we hear that people in your country hate the government .
if it were nt , every country with a hint of a claim would have descended like locusts years ago .
you contract with some poor country that needs the cash to launch from there .
true , dr . atkinson allowed , and developing countries who do nt share our prosperity wo nt sacrifice the chance for it by putting restrictions on themselves for what could be considered abstract theory .
then we guarantee our own long - term strategic independence from oil - producing countries , clean up the environment , and produce a whole new industry for america to export at the same time .
they only attack wealthy countries , because wealthy countries have choices , which we do not .
they only attack wealthy countries , because wealthy countries have choices , which we do not .
besides , they know that we will not play games with them the way the western countries do .
it was supposed in his country that as a man who studied the mechanics of the physical universe , he would have dismissed any though of a higher power as unscientific and superstitious .
is it the custom in your country to repay hospitality with treachery ?
his country had made it abundantly clear that he was no longer needed , or wanted !
he served his country well .
the ultimate answer to them all was simple ; when a president of any country placed himself above the laws of that country , he ceased to be the peoples president and instead , became their dictator ; immune to the laws of the land , the laws of humanity and the laws of the creator of the human race and everything that dwells upon planet earth , whether that creator is a being , spirit , myth , or simply evolution .
the ultimate answer to them all was simple ; when a president of any country placed himself above the laws of that country , he ceased to be the peoples president and instead , became their dictator ; immune to the laws of the land , the laws of humanity and the laws of the creator of the human race and everything that dwells upon planet earth , whether that creator is a being , spirit , myth , or simply evolution .
she should have blown this away by now , but this time her thoughts became more and more directed towards the present crisis confronting the country .
the numerous and uncanny similarities between the issues that propelled the country into war during the 60s and the forces that were leading the country inexorably towards becoming involved in a similar military quagmire today caused her to reread an article , a new call to resist illegitimate authority written in 1969 and published by a still existing anti - war protester group .
the numerous and uncanny similarities between the issues that propelled the country into war during the 60s and the forces that were leading the country inexorably towards becoming involved in a similar military quagmire today caused her to reread an article , a new call to resist illegitimate authority written in 1969 and published by a still existing anti - war protester group .
what blindness causes so many citizens of this country to ignore the plight of their fellow humans ?
their lives had moved on , so why should they want to be part of her crusade to save a country on the verge of making another catastrophic mistake ?
all the dandelions together again for one more last assault on those same out of control and unresponsive governmental institutions that continue to deceive the citizens of this country yet today over thirty years later .
it occurred to her that if individuals of his intelligence and dedication had abandoned the causes of their generation , then what future did this country have ?
that is except for the british and a few more countries that are dependent on the united states .
most other countries believe its about the oil , and many americans agree whole- heartedly with them .
all of this because some ambitious neo - fascist governor had grandiose political ambitions that necessitated him sucking up to a man who turned out to be one of the greatest frauds in the history of the country , one mr . j. edgar hoover , director of the fbi .
if you had , we might not be on the verge of our country getting into another big mess .
first , allison if you will , apprise me of the primary reasons why you think this country is about to go to war , and also , why we should not follow that course of action .
where s the upside in getting the most powerful country in the world mad at him ?
if we halt our discussion right at this point , i think we will agree that what our country is proposing to do is pure folly , if not criminal .
this country depends upon copious amounts of oil , every day , every hour , every minute .
now they have other big customers like china , india , the european union , or japan who want the oil so one of those countries can replace the u.s . as the preeminent industrialized society in the world , and they simply want to ration their oil so it wo nt run out so fast .
at the same time , our country is being surpassed , not by one , but by no less than three economic entities that are soon going to have a greater gross domestic product than ours .
most of the personal wealth of this country is invested in suburban communities that are totally dependent on cheap oil for their existence .
the ripple effect would be felt over the entire country immediately .
today , other countries use our dollar to transact business across the world .
foreign countries produce products and no matter who they sell them to they receive dollars in exchange .
for foreign countries , the most important function of this financial arrangement is its use in helping to buy oil for their own use .
first , the european union came into existence with every intention of competing with the united states for the benefit of the member countries of europe .
as the european union finds its footing , the euro is becoming more respected and more popular as an alternative safe haven for countries trading on the world market .
over the years as our deficits and our national debt have increased to such staggering amounts , foreign countries took notice .
by the way , the countries that brokered this deal with iraq for the european union were france and germany .
united states domination , which is considered by many in the power elite to be the only way to ensure the american way of life , rests on three things : its overwhelming military superiority , especially on the oceans ; its access to the planets primary sources of remaining fossil fuels ; and its control of world economics via the role of the dollar as the worlds reserve currency which provides this country with a source of funds we can no longer live without .
we are in the painful process of ceding the role as the worlds leading manufacturer to china and india as well as other countries , which relegates the united states to the role of the worlds banker and policeman .
what i am saying to you is there is no turning back for this country if this way of life is important to us .
if this was true , how could a government , in good conscience keep this information from the citizens of the country ?
i told you earlier how i thought average people would react if after the fact , the president stood up and admitted that we no longer could expect to have access to the single resource our country depends upon for its existence .
assuming that the great majority of americans have no interest in reducing their standard of living so that other emerging countries could feed upon the fatted calf , we are talking about being proactive and doing something to avert a crisis early on .
the raw materials that will permit us to continue at this extravagant pace , which ca nt go on forever no matter what , are located on the other side of the world and owned by countries that do nt like us anyway .
not only that , but now there are several other countries that want to try to live lives of excess just as we do , and they are presently trying to gain control over these essential resources .
we wo nt steal these resources from the countries we save as the great warrior nations of the past did .
they direct what and how the media , through ten and twenty second sound bites , provides most of the news people get in this country .
they are now saying our troops are going into the country one way or another to make sure we take control of those weapons of mass destruction that no one , except the administration , is sure even exist .
even if sam is right about most of the people being unwilling to live with the consequences of losing access to the oil , we need to be held responsible for our behavior as a country .
if its to be our destiny to plunder the earth to ensure that our country can support a lifestyle that is way beyond the ability of the rest of the world to subsidize , then lets at least stand up as a country and admit it .
perhaps allison was nt the only one who wanted the leaders of the country to deal with its citizens in a more forthright manner .
why then does one out of every ten persons in this country go hungry , especially when over sixty percent of the adult population is considered obese ?
often she was told that the real problems with this country had nothing to do with economics but instead were caused by a break down in moral values such as homosexuality , abortion clinics , and schools teaching evolution to our children .
the reasons these poisons are used is because they are economically expedient and supply high yields of crops while reducing the costs primarily to the large multi - national corporations who control most of the food production not only in this country but increasingly around the world .
here in this country , the large corporations are holding most of the cards and winning most of the battles in congress .
i personally am in the process of reengaging my time and energies in areas that have long - term interest to our country .
a bunch of incompetent politicians who up to this point displayed much more interest in the well - being of the huge multi - national corporations than they have the citizens of our country and have the gall to place the responsibility for paying for their own political ascendancy as well as ineptitude in foreign affairs onto the shoulders of the brave men and women who joined the military to protect their country , not serve the misguided and selfish interest of the current administration .
a bunch of incompetent politicians who up to this point displayed much more interest in the well - being of the huge multi - national corporations than they have the citizens of our country and have the gall to place the responsibility for paying for their own political ascendancy as well as ineptitude in foreign affairs onto the shoulders of the brave men and women who joined the military to protect their country , not serve the misguided and selfish interest of the current administration .
they saw the images of bombs exploding over the city of baghdad , and now the guy in charge of our country confirmed that the war was on .
what kind of a christian lies to his fellow citizens and then uses the good offices of his country for the purpose of engaging its military forces in the wholesale slaughter of human life for the personal benefit of his corporate benefactors or to ensure that millions of pampered and abusive consumers of the worlds increasingly scarce oil reserves are assured of having an ample supply to keep their suvs on the streets and jets in the sky taking them away to weekend vacations in vegas or cancun ?
as the poster child for all that is supposedly fair and good and right in the world , destroying the lives of thousands of human beings for the purpose of securing natural resources for the future benefit of our country is , also , a bad thing .
our heavy handedness in our insistence upon what forms of government other countries establish , and how much of their natural resources they made available for our insatiable consumer appetite was wearing very thin .
the one single thing the u.s.a . was doing better than any other country around the world right now was pissing people off .
simply put , allison and many other citizens preferred that our country stop killing people or making the ones they do nt kill angry .
why would people give a rip about foreigners getting angry if they believe our country holds the sacred position as benefactor and protector of the free world and deserves to have access to the essential raw materials required to allow our economy to function at this exaggerated level ?
try as they might to convince themselves that our country is justified in taking more than our share , or taking something by force that we feel we need or deserve , in the end maybe they are afraid because they know at the bottom of their soul it is nt the right thing to do .
i felt they betrayed the soldiers our country had sent to war .
in the first instance , the operative phrase was when the troops are defending our country .
who in their right mind would not support the individuals who go forth to preserve the existence of our country and its citizens ?
while one certainly does not want harm to come to our countrys soldiers , one can not exhort our military to carry out the unjust policies of an administration that has expropriated the resources of our country for the ultimate benefit of a select few in the government and corporate elite .
it was not allisons intent to diminish or disparage this dedication and commitment of the men and women in the military , but it was her intent to prevent these brave soldiers from being used for purposes other than the legitimate defense of our country .
the way to do that was to get the images of thousands and , hopefully , millions of people protesting our participation in this unlawful pre - emptive invasion of another nation on screens around the entire country .
exhilaration best described allisons response to this public outpouring to the gross abuses of power by the leaders of the country .
this country can not function as it does without our government securing and protecting the natural resources we have to have .
we must have military forces placed strategically around the world or other countries will take these scarce resources for their own use .
its our lack of morality that our country should concern itself with .
clearly then , she deduced , the leaders of this country must spend their time sitting on their behinds because thinking people do nt do the crazy things our government does .
allison overheard sam telling bobby that this is exactly the sort of activity people ought to involve themselves with if the country ever expected to have a chance to be less dependent on foreign resources , starting with oil .
we foolishly elected self - serving leaders who pandered to our baser instincts , while we insisted on driving gas guzzling vehicles that keep us at the mercy of every country in the world holding oil reserves .
that s pretty much all i have to say , other than i think sam has some good ideas as to what we have to do as a country to fix things .
not , though , before letting people know that violence was close at hand , waiting for an excuse to inflict more pain upon the thousands of ingrates who had the effrontery to stand up and say it was wrong for their country to kill civilians in far off countries .
not , though , before letting people know that violence was close at hand , waiting for an excuse to inflict more pain upon the thousands of ingrates who had the effrontery to stand up and say it was wrong for their country to kill civilians in far off countries .
how can the officers of giant corporations and their stockholders who have families , jobs , hopes , and dreams permit the systematic destruction and impoverishment of the entire middle class of wage earners in this country by allowing corporate officers to receive obscene and unjustified salaries while ensuring the few fortunate stockholders that double digit returns for their retirement portfolios are right around the corner ?
how is it that the average american knows more about professional sports , what s playing at the movies or on television , what celebrity is in rehab , how much a new suv costs , what the neighbor lady or man is really doing on those nights when they are supposed to be working late , and who has been listed as filing for bankruptcy in the local newspaper than they know about how much money their government is borrowing from foreign countries to pay for bogus pre - emptive wars that are going to eventually have to be paid back by our children ?
why is the great chasm separating the rich and everybody else in this country and the world growing larger every year ?
why does a country that produces more than enough food to feed itself and most of the world and has so many obese people allow so many members of its population to go hungry ?
although we constantly bitch about it , our taxes are but a fraction of what other developed countries collect from their citizens .
we spend more money on military preparations than most of the other countries in the world together .
i want people to know we do nt have to stand by quietly , too afraid to say anything about our troops being used for purposes other than the defense of our country .
the governments of most countries subsidized private industry to distribute and maintain the units for everyone at minimal cost .
our country will help you , john said .
your country is helping its friend england first , he said .
with the military underfunded , underpopulated , and sitting on their asses stateside , the country had nt been prepared for what was about to come .
no one expected the two countries to become the threats they eventually became , and nobody had anticipated what was about to happen next .
the rows of gun shelves were lined with numerous weapons from all sorts of countries and manufacturing companies .
the country is far from unified , or civil .
they were space worthy countries capable of supporting millions of passengers .
thankfully our country recognized their sacrifice and quickly adopted a procedure that allows them to become post - humus citizens , but it is not an easy or quick process .
of course , they all knew that the job they did in service of their country was dangerous .
i had hoped to be able to give his family something more than just the flag of a foreign country .
this is the least that country can do to show its gratitude . ''
a country that did not even call one of the bravest men he knew its own .
this country was going to acknowledge the bravery of manuel hernandez and his family .
this country owed its defenders that muchto call men like manny its own .
yet that country was slow to recognize the sacrifices of this family .
well , today that country has recognized manuel jesus hector hernandez as its own . ''
i ' ve been a mercenary captain , a corsair , a kozak , a penniless vagabond , a general -- hell , i ' ve been everything except a queen of a civilized country , and i may be that , before i die . ''
of the many centuries he d wandered the planet , country after countless countries watching the continents being discovered then the inevitable world wars and the rich as they made their millions , only to lose the lot in the great depression of the 1930s , mans nature remained barbaric to the bone .
of the many centuries he d wandered the planet , country after countless countries watching the continents being discovered then the inevitable world wars and the rich as they made their millions , only to lose the lot in the great depression of the 1930s , mans nature remained barbaric to the bone .
but it is n't her fault , poor fellow , and in everything except birth she would do credit to my country , and that is the greatest compliment i know how to pay any woman .
or did this select group ( including entire freaking countries , apparently ) just have it in for me ?
however , what if we recruit in another country ?
` ` i have n't exactly made a study of this , but i ' ve seen carts and such in backward countries before , and kind of remember the same thing .
it was a time of change where countries had made peace treaties and every continent had its own solar power satellite to provide its own people with energy .
it was a new age , and with it a new language was forged to make countries connect with one another easier and this language was named evereux the tongue of networks .
did you not study how that corporation developed the worlds economy and united all countries through its solar and electrical engineering , announced roy a bit ticked off .
its better this way with a country or a couple spouses between us .
i have 22 years old , i think i am enough major in every single country on this planet !
how many countries are there ?
to allow one of their own and a daughter of such a high magus to be married to someone of another country is unheard of .
the idea of no army to defend a country was strange to rica who had come from a country that was the leader of the free world .
the leonacra do not have a country .
in my country the ladies do without chambermaids .
only , as our gascon was not easily intimidated -- or rather , thanks to a great pride natural to the women of her country , she did not allow one easily to see what was passing in her mind when that which was passing at all resembled fear -- he placed herself haughtily in front of madames the guards , and waited with her hand on her hip , in an attitude by no means deficient in majesty .
' there will be , in all times and in all countries , particularly if religious divisions exist in those countries , fanatics who ask nothing better than to become martyrs .
' there will be , in all times and in all countries , particularly if religious divisions exist in those countries , fanatics who ask nothing better than to become martyrs .
said d'artagnyn , who had no doubt the accusation came from milord , ' a man branded by the justice of the country ; a man who has espoused one woman in france and another in england ; a man who poisoned his second wife and who attempted both to poison and assassinate me ! '
i heard burning flags is invitation to war between the conflicting countries .
you are an honorable man , and i m certain you will respect the sacred laws of our country .
he d joined the hitler youth , the german air force and eventually the german secret service to serve his country , but for some reason that he did nt entirely understand , he d never joined the nazi party .
then why was he seeking to betray his country for a jewish girl ?
time was running out for germany and any other country that opposed the allies and especially america .
you have unique talents , lieutenant , and frankly , your country needs those talents if it is to survive the next few years .
the only glory is doing what you can for your country .
every country has prisoner of war camps .
it is enough for you to serve your country .
for the past decade , he continued , his voice quiet , almost conspiratorial , i have been fighting a war within my own country , a war for dignity and honor .
there seemed to be way too much information leaking out of the cable television sets in the country these days ; information that formerly took the lives of spies to obtain .
his computer was the reason jay - l was able to do any of the things that he regularly did now , like play golf with presidents of countries ; not university presidents like the one he just left outside before talking to mariss , who suddenly spoke and snapped him back to the present .
he could push most countries around .
so shall we get back to the treaty between our two countries ?
you signed a legal treaty with a sovereign nation to give you the ability to spy on every other country in the world .
you stood up on television and told the leader of another country to disarm , or else .
as i was saying , sir , if you go to war with me , ill turn the u.s . into a third world country .
you fuck with me , and ill shut down every computer in the whole fucking country .
and after she turns your government and your economy into a third world country , shell turn over the details of our secret treaty .
those guys got elected the first time by convincing the american people they were the ceo ticket they said they d run the country better and more efficiently than the other guys .
and that incompetence cost the entire country , every one of us , well over three - hundred billion dollars in an economic hit .
which works out to about a thousand dollars for every man , woman , and child in the entire country because we could nt keep the levees up during a storm that we knew was coming .
no country is gon na launch a preemptive strike against the u.s . because a computer glitch opens a door on a missile , whether they re armed or not .
you ll be responsible for making your country glow from nuclear fallout .
your country will be lucky if it does nt fall into civil war and split apart .
i spent the best part of my life protecting this country and defending the constitution , only to have it called a goddamn piece of paper by the man who was supposed to be telling me who to shoot .
this group was persistent if nothing else , and given their presence in two countries thus far , it was safe to assume they possessed ample resources .
` ` i ' ve met few men of your country , but they always promise great entertainment and pure friendship .
how can a revolution , by definition a huge shift in a country 's government , occur while the king still lives ?
people began to grumble again , and other countries had changed their governments .
nothing waits for the country 's call . ''
if they 're still working on cutting the railroad between the country 's two biggest cities , i imagine they wo n't have lines connecting the two either . ''
` ` i ' ve trusted him with the defense of the country for more than a decade .
i can not offer that same assurance of their loyalty to you , for there are students from many countries studying here .
russia did n't coddle their women like other countries , she pointed out angrily .
without a king who knows his place as the father of his country , people grow unruly , unrighteous , unrepentant .
they will begin landing troops within the next few hours to stabilize the country .
in her country , such a scarf is passed from mother to daughter and shaykh zaad snorted and spoke scripture as if lecturing a child .
she decided long ago that if called upon to launch her missiles , she would refuse , allowing the country she loved to be obliterated .
do what is best for your country .
socrates told them a man who had enjoyed the benefits of his country his entire life , lived under its protection , and prospered through its gifts , has no right to begrudge anything that nation asks afterwards .
this country is not a bunch of elected officials , or government structure , or bureaucracyit is you and i , us , all of us working together toward something larger than ourselves , for the succeeding generations .
when they attacked the jp , ethan could come in to help the jp and finally seize everything to combine the two countries .
each member of the raising was the national beyond human hero of their individual countries .
before wwi started , twelve people , one each in as many countries , were mysteriously granted superhuman powers and a very slow aging bioinorganic chemistry .
during wwii their fights went from being just for their countries and within their country to outside their countries for the worlds freedom .
although there are treaties , in many countries , vigilantes in costumes have appeared from time to time , with some people believing they may just be one of the original beyond humans or at least the descendents of those who first gained more than human abilities .
this was a very common twisted thing that happens in many countries .
these laws are also one of the few issues that are a blister boils on the rest of the world as well since a good deal of countries are following the united states lead on this .
most people think he is just an urban legend anyways or just a bunch of fake stories created by people within houston to stir up interest from the rest of the country or maybe that he s even a u.s . government propaganda ploy to try and keep even criminals from trying to enter the city .
the dawgs of war are a team created to protect the united states from country size threats .
i admit , at the time , i thought my actions in dallas would result in the best outcome for your country and the whole world .
this became bigger and bigger until it mushroomed into a horrific war with the countries of russia and china .
without the horrors of nuclear war , the u.s . and countries around the globe would certainly have enjoyed a much more happier and fulfilled existence .
the fbi does not have separate offices in foreign countries , they must work out of the u.s . embassy , and as such their offices are called legal attachs or legats .
he was ashamed of his conduct while working for the cia and wanted to do something worth while for his country to honor the memory of his slain brother .
he lost a family , a country , a people , and a future .
the only thing i knew for sure was he was nt president of this country .
i have not only to lament , in common with the british navy and the british nation , the fall of the c - in - c , the loss of a hero whose name will be immortal , and his memory ever dear to his country , but my heart is rent with the most poignant grief for the death of a friend , to whom , by many years intimacy , and a perfect knowledge of the virtues of his mind which inspired ideas superior to the common race of men , i was bound by the strongest ties of affection , a grief to which even the glorious occasion on which he fell , does not bring the consolation which perhaps it ought .
having thus detailed the proceedings of the fleet on this occasion , i beg to congratulate your lordships on a victory , which , i hope , will add a ray to the glory of his majestys crown , and be attended with public benefit to our country .
all over the place all kinds of countries you are a sensation .
53 54 steiner and the hypnotic cue with a few days to kill until i did my show in tel aviv , david arranged a tour of the area , as he always did in new countries with time to kill .
other kingdoms and countries followed the same formula to one degree or another , collaborations and marriages were formed to the benefit of rulers and their wealth , all in the name of the wealth of the nation .
these smaller meetings are conferences of different types which take place over several weeks between various ministers and directors in the countries where the b.g.members corporations are dominant .
but the human animal has also been influenced by the genesians , and this accounts for all of the things we have been able to express through kindness and compassion , love and sharing , for example , the poverty caused by the corporate plundering of the resources of poorer countries in quest of power and riches has given rise to the need to create charities .
their opinions were the complete opposite of nantucket where the majority would be revolutionaries : the colonel and his friends were ardent supporters of king and country .
i am , sir , and your uncle has little influence here : italy is or usually is a free country , replied richard .
we have a whole planet full of countries to work with .
no country will give you a single dollar if they think it goes to a unilateral response , no matter how necessary .
the moment it passes the vote downstairs , troops from both our countries will be boarding transports . ''
the modern countries of the americas may never have existed if the norse had managed to get along better with their new neighbors , mrti thought as the small lcd screen showed a sweeping panorama of the captured beach before pulling back to show the massive invasion fleet .
many countries were becoming openly belligerent about the debt loads that had been assessed to them in support of fleet construction .
the last thing the world needed right now , or so they had been told , was for countries to stop paying their allotted share for the defense of earth and france was only one of many countries teetering on the brink .
the last thing the world needed right now , or so they had been told , was for countries to stop paying their allotted share for the defense of earth and france was only one of many countries teetering on the brink .
one country at a time , using our own resources against us .
the un has fabricated the threat of alien invasion as a justification for taking over the countries of the world .
sap deployments were drawing troops from more than twenty nations and they were intended to augment the police forces of countries where unrest was threatening to shut down the governments .
he had no hope of keeping track of who ran which country but they all seemed to know who he was without introduction .
i can hardly talk to the leader of every country while ignoring my own , and he does seem decent enough .
how long before other countries are able to do the same ?
it is the same regardless of what country you happen to have the misfortune to be in , and regardless of what nationality deliverers it .
he emerged as a homicidal radical who began plotting attacks on the countries he felt were ultimately responsible for murdering his family and pressuring the jordanians to detain him , the united states and israel .
but he genuinely felt that he was serving his country in the capacity for which he was uniquely suited .
the truth is that there s concern that nuclear weapons have entered the country .
security depends on software and reciprocal agreements with foreign countries .
i requested this time tonight to acquaint you with facts about a matter threatening our country .
angela finished , i would expect an attack at morning rush hour , so the middle eastern countries would still be awake to get the news .
his country would have to absorb a little more dope through florida .
the men were all american citizens from sleeper cells around the country .
the only way to identify the sender was through cooperation with the website provider , which was difficult with friendly countries and impossible in hostile areas .
he had one message forwarded from outside the country .
king cobra at exactly 1300 hours in washington , steven k. sayar , assistant to the president for national security affairs , received an email message as follows : dear mr . sayar , as the advisor to your president , you have a duty to protect the people of your country .
you should know that many more missiles are in your country and will be used shortly to kill even more americans .
both state and treasury personnel had worked through the night to secure cooperation with as many countries as possible , sometimes using outrageous commitments or threats of retribution .
there was no truth to the story , but a shockwave of resentment shot through the country , hardening resentment against the u.s . , and cooperation of the government dissolved in an instance .
as i m sure you all have speculated , the cia has human intelligence resources in a few key countries .
in any event , he has asked for our help escaping the country and , in exchange , is prepared to disclose everything he knows about their intelligence programs , including their spies throughout the western world .
okay , rachael approached me for advice about extracting a foreign official from inside a foreign country .
i do nt know , but its just too damned coincidental that two top guys in both countries , with the right profiles , are surfacing .
rachael , you ve both bled for the country and earned the right to ask for anything , but i guess i m a little surprised .
its not just endangering our country by not using him .
her primary concerns were counter - drug operations in colombia , along with the constant threat of leftist activities in the remaining countries .
initial efforts by cartels from the producing countries to bypass cardenas were bloody disasters , leading to his virtual monopoly of drug distribution in the states .
unfortunately , the country was already engaged in foreign wars , and the war on drugs had been raging for over thirty years .
she responded , look , lieutenant , i m as upset as anyone , but mexico is a sovereign country and diplomats have to work it out .
in mexico city , the ambassador called on the president of the country .
this is a poor country , and the druggies can buy a lot of immunity .
i guess we ca nt treat mexico like other countries .
john could nt believe peter was talking to the top intelligence official in the country .
everything i ve done , i ve done for my country , said coplawyer .
she avoided the rows of heavily - armed tarasanka military vessels , pausing only briefly to wonder how such a small country managed to find enough sailors to maintain such a large navy , and headed towards the merchant ships berthed where the rose had been all those weeks earlier .
nithotep was no warrior and it would be difficult for her to inspire her country through war .
no plot could ever succeed with isis ruling the country .
his approximated voice came through every device , in every country , and in every language .
world governments set about developing new weapons , computer systems , and methods to infiltrate other countries .
atedor was using the church to smuggle illegal contraband and weapons out to foreign countries .
u.s . forces were beginning to leave iraq and several politicians in iraq and the neighboring countries wanted to expedite the americans departure .
designed and manufactured during the last decade , it had already been ordered and would take a couple of weeks to be delivered from around the country .
it seems that their monopolies are growing all over the country .
with three loans from congress , production of the fuel started up again , but the production cycle was five years , and the country would nt have new supplies for another two .
ryan had argued in congress that without a space programnasa only had plans to send out one or two exploration vehicles in the near futurewhatever supplies the country still had would not be needed for several years .
you are nt the best pilot in the country , and you re also a decade or so younger , mr . noble .
these are the rules of a free country , our free country .
these are the rules of a free country , our free country .
november brought the unwelcome news to ryan that a new president would be running the country the next year ; this meant that the project had lost its best , perhaps its only friend in government .
the country now knew who would lead the nation for the next four years , and ryan spent time on many phone calls to friends trying to figure out what this change in leadership meant for his program .
this country has been led to believe , correctly or incorrectly , that first place is the only place , and any american or american team taking second place or lower has not met expectations .
the new president is already acting like he has absolute control of everything in this country , but in reality there are dozens of projects and scenarios playing out he is unaware of , many of which are within washington and the pentagon , where men are striving for more power than their ranks of office .
and my friend the former president wo nt even know about it , nor will the good citizens of this country .
the opportunists who want to capitalize on those things which could bring great advances to humanity are not burdened by conscience ; they do not care about the welfare of the country , its citizens , or who gets killed in their quest for power .
* * * ryan decided to tell the air force that he had a couple of potential investors that wanted to be part of the program , both from countries friendly with the usa , and they wanted to meet .
what i can divulge to you is that i will be speaking to a royal family controlling one of our friendly countries ; and this agreement could be a real plus for our country , to tie in a more reliable source of oil .
what i can divulge to you is that i will be speaking to a royal family controlling one of our friendly countries ; and this agreement could be a real plus for our country , to tie in a more reliable source of oil .
we are to meet in a third country , turkey , to discuss a possible $ 10 billion investment , a substantial sum for me to continue my work .
as of this morning , the united states of america is a free country , and i do not need to be inspected by any government agency on a whim of theirs .
i know we have had our differences in the past , ryan , but this time the country needs these fine men and women back in nasas new development program to send astronauts back to the moon in a decade .
it humbles the french navy to see that a small crew of men could capture a pirate their own country had chased for decades , and upon conferring for a few minutes , they agree to sign the treaty .
half the country has aids , other half is waiting to get it .
hell , it is still that way in most countries .
horrible foreign policy , horrible domestic policy , the country has fallen apart in the eight years he held office .
we once had a revolution in this country to throw off unfair taxation .
vanilla was condemned by the judge at 10 years of prison for attempted murderer , and she was still saying that she did nt want this to happen , because she was believing and respective the island tradition to sacrifice angell literally , for the locals to have rain , and why ( after her sayings ) the prosecutors punished her when she was loyal to her country .
oneill thought about the likelihood that any country could do without a navy and dismissed it as unlikely .
the power contained in each dollar is enough to power a third - world country for a year .
everything from which country wins a world war to how much butter you put on your toast yesterday effects the drops direction .
michael made many new friends from various different countries .
i am known in many countries and they are afraid to touch people like me , '' and dad showed them some photographs of himself with various other restoration experts from all over the world .
but the robots congregate in other countries and cities as well and can easily entrench themselves in a normal country although , its more difficult for them to gain a foothold in these places .
they had all expected to cooperate in rebuilding the framework of a shattered country .
tell me what s it like in all dem countries , he said .
best to avoid business disagreements while in foreign countries .
after inspection , the items were loaded onto various horse - drawn wagons for delivery to shops in the city and to warehouses , ready for trading with other countries .
production there had increased and the emperor had allowed unused silk to be traded with many more countries including those that bought cotton cloth from the vandals .
eldrick was not a war - like person and wished to negotiate with the darkspears so that both countries could share the geysers .
the walls beside the entrance were covered in gilded images that appeared to represent the countries of the other worlds dragons , serpents , tigers , sun - like icons , volcanoes , sea animals and polar bears amongst others .
there stricter in foreign countries that are not in the eu , are nt they ?
however , when my country came under attack from allied nations , we turned to you for help .
an assassin , someone who served your country , and someone whose training would require him to be away from his family and home .
i will make no oral or written statements disloyal to my country and its allies or harmful to their cause .
` ` if you want to know who did this thing , '' he asked before stepping away , ` ` find the other men they ' ve left to rot in the federal and military prisons around the country . ''
that means that while you are innocent in the eyes of your country and your navy , the trial by media is likely to continue . ''
after all , we have waged war with one country or another for centuries .
she knows a show of forgiveness toward me will help strengthen our country , but she s not about to ignore all the charges brought against me .
she knew very little about either country .
to this day i thank the lord above this great country decided it d probably be impossible to imprison everyone who reneged on their outstanding debts .
its only common sense a country who fought a bloody war for independence would pick its own names for the national pastimes it enjoys and football , make no mistake , is americas favorite national pastime .
entrepreneurs are an amazing group of individuals because they see what others do nt , namely , a way into your pocketbook previously untapped and for a country based on capitalism its the single most admirable trait a citizen can enjoy .
if we ve got an obesity problem in this country would nt it make sense to skip the easiest skippable meal ?
whatever was going on , inside america or in other countries , strykers investigative services and his security monitoring services , were gathering intelligence 24 hours a day 365 days a year .
you deserve better than a country that has forgotten you !
mi5 , the cia , and every high security level service in all countries knew if stryker had operatives in the field , the information or persons will be located at all costs .
terrorist friendly countries knew stryker was a mad man when it came to retaliation and would not stop at anything until he exhausted his wrath or he felt he had taught them a lesson .
no country wanted to be in strykers cross hairs !
do we know what groups and countries they are affiliated with ?
now what i have to do is determine what level of a security risk you are to our country , and why you are involved in the hacking of classified information .
i put my soldiers asses on the line everyday while the weak - kneed politicians , who run this country , just fuck it up more !
everybody believed that the president was the most powerful man in the country , or as some thought , the world .
it is a highly classified position that allows me to move undetected throughout all levels of our government , allowing me to watch for things that may have gone unnoticed and could cause problems for our country , the man explained .
the president made a mental note to investigate this man and his so called position , to see if a greater threat had been created for our country , than terrorists were .
why , the continuing security of our country , sir .
if a difference turned out not to be in the cards , then he caused the destruction of whom or what he was fighting , if destruction made a difference , then the destruction was acceptable , if not , the destruction removed a future problem for countries , the world or for stryker .
we need jonathan to go on the offensive , forcing the leak out of hiding , and with him , those that are helping him betray our country !
this man is working behind the scenes , supposedly for the good of our country , but i can not verify his claim .
only high classed billionaires and president of our country get to meet up with the head of the magicians and that is also in 6 years time , when the new president is elected in our country .
only high classed billionaires and president of our country get to meet up with the head of the magicians and that is also in 6 years time , when the new president is elected in our country .
will i be a prisoner by the government for lifetime or will i get death penalty for going beyond laws that will bring up trouble for the country from bad magicians ?
you changed the government of a country -- you caused a revolution . ''
` ` i ' ve never heard of that country before . ''
you are nothing but a traitor to your own country and a menace to ours .
despite being a possession of one of the richest countries in the world , france , since 1667 , french guiana was over 97 % forest , with few cities and a small population , 38 % of its 100,000 inhabitants living in the capital , cayenne .
sometimes just over a mile wide , this fringe was like a thick skin protecting the three countries , where nutrients carried from the amazon has allowed the spawning of a heavy mass of life , mainly small fish and shrimps .
` ` he probably disabled all of the digital recorders in the country or something .
so , thinking i can kill some bad guys and protect my country with the usual propaganda that does nt mean a damn thing anymore , i went willingly .
with increasing concerns against our overwhelming success we were sent on another mission , not realizing we were betrayed by the very countries we had been chosen from to protect .
over the next two years i randomly chose each country that supplied my family .
i have no country .
some french units fought hard against the invaders while others gave a half - hearted resistance , recognizing that the americans and british were fighting to restore freedom to their country .
the soldiers of every other country in the world had to fight for a year before the soldiers learned to fight and survive on the battlefield .
he d vaguely explained it as an import business , bringing merchandise into the country for resale .
what craft saw was an illusion , it had to be , for what it showed was a check made out to craft and sons signed by the man himself , the head of the federal reserve of dallas , a reserve which controlled the banks in the southern half of the united states , a country with an unlimited credit - line and the ability to print money from thin air and in the line where a monetary figure was to be placed there was nothing , only a blank space .
texas found itself on the opposing side of virtually every country on the planet .
the two countries were wary for reasons particular to their own status .
mexico was more than willing to wait out the whole conflict because they felt certain they d eventually prevail in the world court and texas could nt advance its agenda because the rest of the country was slightly worried about invading a nation which held a thirty percent stake of cultural heritage in its own population .
get the two countries fighting limited battles and while they were occupied hold a war of clans .
no other country can grow coffee ?
no , nick , other countries can grow the bean but well there s just something about south american and french coffee which sets them apart .
the one which actually made us a country .
throughout the middle ages , during the time of mankinds great awakening the countries of england and france traded places at the pinnacle of power .
if , for some odd reason the two countries could nt find common ground to fight then a backup plan had been devised where canada would become mexico and france would swap with spain .
as the population grew and the country took on super - power status the need for her sultry calls of joining the union were not viewed as beneficially .
it was due to the eightys he believed , the height of the cold war between the soviet bloc countries and those of the western persuasion .
it appears the representatives from the various countries are at odds with each other .
the television showed the various countries with implied interest in the proceedings .
they probably did nt need to , the countries appeared to have gotten the point and were revving up for some good old mayhem but they d had a plan from the start and felt they might as well follow through with it in case some strange quirk of fate appeared on the horizon and the peoples of the world decided to get along for a change .
furthermore , the country in question was also one which professed to be based on the rule of law .
which countries are involved , tim ?
well , its the united nations , nick , so pretty much every country is involved .
besides , the man in front of him had been utterly invaluable to him and his country after the war waged by the madman in the mustache almost had their entire race removed from the worlds roll - call .
he understood the nationalism which sprung from the hearts and minds of those who fought for love of country because he was in the midst of it himself .
well , nick , it appears the free - loving countries of the world are not so free with reproduction .
my understanding is the countries on the other side of the divide are proliferating at an alarming pace and currently hold a two to one edge over our side .
i m not exactly sure what the man meant but he said the country who could produce the most body bags was going to win .
you see , we ve got a whole bunch of countries who seem to think a whole bunch of other countries are on their land or something like that he said , nodding once and saying nothing else .
you see , we ve got a whole bunch of countries who seem to think a whole bunch of other countries are on their land or something like that he said , nodding once and saying nothing else .
why did the letorque buy tickets to countries in latin america ?
it is a gratifying commentary on our judicial system that the jurisprudence of this country is rich with applications of this guaranty as proof of our fealty to the rule of law and the ancient rudiments of fair play .
at least no court of justice in this country would be warranted in assuming that the power to violate and disregard them a power so repugnant to the common principles of justice and civil liberty lurked in any general grant of legislature authority , or ought to be implied from any general expression of the people .
through it , and within the field of economy it regulates , congress attempts to translate national aspirations for economic independence and national security , rooted in the drive and urge for national survival and welfare , into a concrete and tangible measures designed to free the national retailer from the competing dominance of the alien , so that the country and the nation may be free from a supposed economic dependence and bondage .
political law , 10th ed . , p. 114 ) ; and analyzing the concern of the members of the constitutional convention for the economic life of the citizens , in connection with the nationalistic provisions of the constitution , he says : but there has been a general feeling that alien dominance over the economic life of the country is not desirable and that if such a situation should remain , political independence alone is no guarantee to national stability and strength .
while the national holds his life , his person and his property subject to the needs of his country , the alien may even become the potential enemy of the state .
the alien resident owes allegiance to the country of his birth or his adopted country ; his stay here is for personal convenience ; he is attracted by the lure of gain and profit .
he undoubtedly contributes to general distribution , but the gains and profits he makes are not invested in industries that would help the country 's economy and increase national wealth .
this arguments overlooks fact and reality and rests on an incorrect assumption and premise , i.e. , that in this country where the occupation is engaged in by petitioner , it has been so engaged by him , by the alien in an honest creditable and unimpeachable manner , without harm or injury to the citizens and without ultimate danger to their economic peace , tranquility and welfare .
all that the treaty guarantees is equality of treatment to the chinese nationals ` ` upon the same terms as the nationals of any other country . ''
but the nationals of china are not discriminating against because nationals of all other countries , except those of the united states , who are granted special rights by the constitution , are all prohibited from engaging in the retail trade .
we do nt even know what country this money is for well , does it matter ?
maybe in this country we can use that money that we found .
she tried to convince herself that parents are out there somewhere and that the kids were probably playing a game , in which they had a chief , and an assembly room , and everything it was probably just their school , like model united nations where they all pretend to be ambassadors from different countries under the direction of their history teacher but the uneasy feeling did not leave her completely : the way they got into this place was very strange , and it was still very unclear who these people were .
so basically in our country everyone learns to fly .
in other countries on earth time may be displayed differently .
the majority of the maps ryan could immediately see delineated countries whose names he did not recognize and probably had not existed for centuries .
this has allowed our country to survive through countless attempts at invasion , from many enemies .
there is little our countries share in common he said , but you certainly make a fine vintage .
even the leader of this country is black .
i was asking what are you doing in this country ?
and i know its true because there are old men begging faceless , affluent white guys in the state capital for the well - deserved compensation they collected for decades while sweating in a factory making products for people who did nt have the foresight to see that the countries they made fun of were gon na surpass them in nearly every aspect .
when we did nt have all these social networks to let us know how stupid our country was .
it goes against everything this country stands for .
i mean how could somebody feel comfortable reducing an entire country 's women to some perverse fantasy based off of stereotypical mannerisms ?
he s alluding to the fact that the city has been in financial disarray , but its okay because its common knowledge across the country .
oh , our mall is destroyed and we have no more toys though we could just shop at the stores down the street our girls and our boys are bound to make noise but they should be thankful for shoes on their feet cause third - world countries do nt have the joy of water that s clean and clear christmas is in a recession , this year .
' straight off the boat from europe yesterday i give you doctor le clerc , personal advisor of europes royal houses , carrying a remedy that has saved lives in thousands of countries .
it seemed strange that all of that had come out of a period in history that was relatively short - lived as far as historical periods go also , i found it strange that the people who helped create and define that culture were mostly imported from other countries .
many of the people could nt have been more than a generation or two removed from their countries and cultures of origin , but were almost unrecognizable as the progeny of such .
he was no longer interested in the laws of this country .
fighting for old world kings over old world countries for old world reasons .
that s what they do in the sticks in other countries .
i look on the region not as individual countries , but regions , tribes and families .
i have the knack of sensing these nuances and fortunately certain people , in various positions and countries have noticed this , and i am stating to make inroads into possibly something huge , if we can keep the politicians out of it for a little while longer .
after we were all seated they started to congratulate us on facilitating this world changing forum , the consequences of which would save thousands , if not millions of lives they assured us , and transform their countries , and due to our selfless acts the final meeting could now take place in three days time .
not without causing a population explosion of apocalyptic proportions i thought , then tried to think of a country that required full on snogging as the requisite form of greeting , but unfortunately the moment slipped by .
after a bit of hunting he found a printout of a web page headed the best non - extradition countries to become invisible in a tongue in cheek web site , but beggars can not be chooses - searched around for a few seconds , found what he was looking for and circled it as well .
now that we had unlimited funds at our disposal we started to think seriously about our future , and one night we did a what if search for which countries do not have extradition treaties with the uk on line ( the same one as us i thought ) and spotted the maldives , we had both loved it , both our wives hated it , and after a lot of research ( including what currency i though ) we plumbed for it , it is perfect .
zimbabwe actually sells surplus food to other countries as well ; this is no basket case african economy like some of the others .
as she stared at the stained ceiling , alternately she picked out patterns , countries and faces in the grime and then fretted on the twin uncertain futures she and her baby would face .
the news was on the small tv in the study and it was talking about countries not having enough money and something bad the banks had done .
someone was talking about how people did nt trust their governments anymore , dylan was nt sure what a government was , but his dad had told him they were the people who ran the countries .
they seemed to be countries , but none that dylan recognised .
people from different countries probably looked different and had different cultures .
there is nothing much to the island ; the port is only here as it is a good resting place between the two countries .
what country is this ?
the other countries do nt have forests ?
have your lessons focused on a specific country or continent ?
this is commonly happening in all birds and human cults and countries .
the general de peacock was too important to directly approach woodpecker so he arranged that a third party , the lowest possible caste bird , tell him that all the furniture and medical equipment sent from other countries by the birds devoted to the guru bird white eagle , had to be refurbished and made to look new and uniform .
in foreign countries , the use of electrical machines spoiled carpenters .
chief engineer , having over thirty years of experience in birds civil engineering , strictly followed the building plans , created desired shapes , but skipped gaps as in his understanding expansion happened only in foreign countries .
the cost of fuel was not a problem , as generous donations were continuously pouring in from many birds countries .
the dvds and cds were endorsed with an instruction that if anything happened to him all information should be given to fantasia central government corruption commission , all available investigative journalists ; local and international and birds interpol , in all countries where colony had branches , authorities and obviously press , equally mainstream and independent .
general in charge powerful and arrogant bird de peacock , firmly convinced of his unquestionable status and freedom to use at his discretion money donated from many countries to the birds colony charity with the firm belief that it would be used to elevate the ill suffering from unhappy birds , offered as a generous gift to his relatives , who were getting married , a substantial quantity of ornaments made by his favorite local birds 22k golden in color metal .
he flew to a few continents and visited many , many countries , pecked trees in need of repair and contemplated on the wisdom he gained in his past and imagined a thrilling future .
then he went to the beach where a few birds and humans were swimming in radioactive water , which was sent by sea currents from the friendly nation of pan - ja where their no - clear re - actors were destroyed by a mysterious one - way tsunami as punishment for helping enrich hura - nium for the black listed country ran - i .
predator eagle country fiat currency is not accepted as a means of payment .
now i do nt have to tell you how dire this situation is for our country .
the line i liked was to get the real size of a country , you have to measure the hearts of its leaders .
manufactured in countries all around the globe it is in service with armed forces in conflicts around the world .
not just in the us but in other countries too .
thousands upon thousands were buried in mass graves along the countries of the world .
what one country did the others would follow .
i have faith that there will be pockets of survivors in other countries but there will be no way to reach them .
to strip and divide the wholeness of the planet into states and countries for administrative purposes seems logical , but to do so to divide its peoples is not , and we must find ways in the coming century to do away with these concepts and begin the long march towards a united planet .
it was n't born with countries .
but we ca n't see that - all those dark lines so neatly drawn between each country - they seem natural to us .
there is a growing feeling that perhaps it is time for countries to lose their shapes .
would it be another military sniper that worked for another country ?
as a result , we have no negotiating power with the south american countries .
she had to be at home and keep things normal while the rest of us were serving our country .
it is only awarded to people that have served their country with daring actions and fearless bravery during top - secret operations .
if arbephest knew anything about peremes , it was that he strived to make his country appear perfect when in the presence of other leaders , anything that might disgrace it was most unacceptable , even though he had done nothing to attain its glory .
talias essence was his own , he fought for his country as when a mother fights to protect her new born in nature .
his men charged forth to uphold the oaths of their country , presenting an unstoppable barrier of death that accelerated above all other things in wiping a battle field clear of life .
believing they can simply sack our country ?
my country needs me .
is this how the new elite of our country looks like ?
this country won its independence some years ago and it was proud of it .
every newspaper in the country continues to lose money each quarter , and as a result of consecutive years of corporate cost cutting , the average reporters workload gets stretched thin .
its just sad to think that the media really is manipulating our country .
gerry countered that he needed a job and as long as our country is teetering towards another economic depression , why not keep playing baseball ?
its totally decaying the essence of our country , james said .
` ` have problems remembering , '' ... ... .. '' what has been said , '' ... ... '' immediately , '' ... ... '' i say again immediately , '' ... ... '' obtain a copy of the minutes , '' ... ... ... '' and study them carefully ... ... .now ... ... .we must adjourn ... ... .. and begin the task of running the country ... ... .the minister for defence lachlan peabody ... ... to my office for a meeting please . ''
he photographed documents , downloaded masses of computer files and planted tracking devices in all the mobile phones and lap tops , was extracted from the country by special services in the middle of the night from al - zawr island , the same place american special services marines had used to extract al ahmadi jacobs father in years past , al ahmadi was still incarcerated by the americans .
there were shelves too , most of them lined with books from exotic countries .
i ve got plenty of schooling , sergeant , and with the lord protecting us , ill be able to serve my country in its hour of need .
the objects had been stolen from his tribe in the late 1800s during a time when the various european countries had divided the continent of africa into spheres of influence in an effort to control the rich land .
i ve read that industrialized countries waste over two hundred million tons of food annually .
the portuguese were their chief competitors in these endeavors , but by the end of the century , practically every country of any significance was in the competition , thirsty for new sources of wealth .
with a bold stroke , he purchased louisiana from napoleon in 1803 for fifteen million dollars and overnight doubled the size of the fledgling country .
precisely , son , he s the president , not the emperor , and in this country , that means every citizen has the right to question anything , including hair - brained actions by our president .
frankly , i doubt that anyone from this country will ever lay eyes on it , at least , not in your lifetime .
chapter 15 no escape if they overpower us , we fall sacrifice at the shrine of our country , and we hope posterity and our country will do our memory justice .
but such was the lot of great men : he had to preserve his country against these backwoods rebels .
the problem is not good or bad , but in hong kong i was unhappy , i felt my character should be suitable for other countries , so i have to seek for a place more suitable for development of my career , coupled with the fundamental neither visited many places , wants to enlighten me on the outside world . ''
global believers into more radical action , especially in some third world countries .
said somehow , these countries began to refuse red cross , world vision and other humanitarian organizations usual aid , and returned all donations which originally for poor children .
when they saw the foreigners , turned out to be angry , complained about developed countries enjoyed selfish luxury , ignored their situation .
they kept the believers watch some developed countries fragments of life , then inserted the concept into these uneducated .
threatened to kill all of the people living in these developed countries , building a new world .
unfortunately , the rest of the world , in particular , many third world countries had been in the trap of this mystery religions , sitting at the brink of civil war !
reporters discovered the uploaded photos on jackson s facebook , confirmed that the flying statues appeared in africa desert , but they still could not understand why the idea of this mysterious religion was quiet difference from those established in developed countries .
` ` our messengers also recently collected a reliable intelligence that helped launch the eternal religion , americans jackson , has passed worldwide countries nuclear warheads password to them , and the american himself is the world 's top professional hacker , can have the ability to invade any computer , now becomes their assistant .
even more incredible was that all the country 's missile defense system unexcused failure , while defense minister jackson still heard nothing !
countries around the world relied on advanced defense equipment caught in a bitter struggle after another , some of the relatively less developed countries but weapons could prevail , perhaps was not so dependent on high - tech !
countries around the world relied on advanced defense equipment caught in a bitter struggle after another , some of the relatively less developed countries but weapons could prevail , perhaps was not so dependent on high - tech !
after a month , the eternal army continued to reinforce , the countries originally prevail turned into situation worsened .
and he also proficient in pretending , easily to change to another identity as the founder of earth eternal , but mysteriously land invasion and paralyzed most advanced countries global defense network .
u.s.a . government suggested to form a joint military from whole world , initiative against enemies , this suggestion endorsed by most countries .
originally china and japan declared neutral country , and now could not be spared by the devastating attacks .
if you do nt know how this country operates , you just define whatever you feel like concerning us .
i m afraid she knows also every aspects of this country as if she striped down our system ; this means that she knows the central commanding bodies , treaties with foreign nations , imports and exports goods , energy supply , manufacturing facilities , logistics , reserves , escape routes , secondary protocols , distribution network , removal procedures , mobility , security , military forces and other miscellaneous details , said titto .
and the commanders , they are just ensuring the public that they care about the people and sacrificing for what is right for the country , and all that political bullshit .
the country had declared the end of the war , celebrating verons rise to the power .
we gathered today to witness the execution of the last infidel in our country !
that she will do what is good for this country ?
no , admiral , i m guessing maybe he fled from this country .
for hundreds of years after davids rule , his descendants warred with surrounding countries for the right to govern all of israel and expand its territories .
we all have to put our personal wishes aside and do what we can to aid our country .
but other countries are not doing so well .
the creatures , after they have been released , began to sprout all over the countries , making a breeding ground .
at the time , karl was investigating the mysterious attacks that were happening inside the country .
but those genetically modified creatures which have invaded our country are said heston .
my small part in this grand play is simply to be a bridge ; a liaison to help relations and cooperation between our two countries .
get yourselves knee deep in every fight this country has ever had .
what are the chances of two people from our countries meeting and falling in love ?
he would have to back that horse in the best interest of both countries .
i do nt want to wait until your country and my country are holding hands .
i do nt want to wait until your country and my country are holding hands .
soon the whole country will be in turmoil .
the country plummets into four years of war that will cost six hundred thousand american lives .
i was totally confused ... calling from the gunroom on my cell phone to my friend chris i found out the medal of honor was our countries highest military award .
libraries in france , germany , japan , turkey , spain , heck there s 192 countries in the un alone , not counting the vatican city , kosovo and even tinkers taiwan , now called taipei ?
it was 1997 , and while the country took a chance on a new government , brainwashed by tony blair and a theme tune by a keyboard playing physicist , my parents had decided our family too needed a fresh start .
forging in us pride for our country , but also a sense of respecting the points of view of others .
i had taken a test and scored in the top five percent of the country of those that had taken that particular test that year .
then she would know the agony i felt just because i was a mexican in this country .
i personally think it 's treason what la mgra does to defenseless people of the sun to uphold racism in this country . ''
` ` it 's at a television network that has the most racist attitude toward latinos in this country .
and considering the shape that america is in today - bargaining and borrowing from every other country - someday may be soon . ''
i will take over your country and all the others , make no mistake , because no one in your stupid country will be clever enough to demand for my head if their beloved president and all his cabinet ministers are missing .
i will take over your country and all the others , make no mistake , because no one in your stupid country will be clever enough to demand for my head if their beloved president and all his cabinet ministers are missing .
it was as if war had been unexpectedly declared on the country .
` ` we believe their conduct reflects formation to counter a nuclear attack on their own countries . ''
introduction in the summer of 1970 , the country of brazil triumphed in the world cup football tournament that was held in mexico city .
it was the first sign of the new government alonso had spoken of that had taken over the country .
but all of them had what rego was looking for , the country of origin of each ship .
the host country was playing the ussr .
the woman started to trace her finger down a chart that listed countries and rates .
they were facing uruguay in the semi - finals in what would be another classic match between two south american countries .
to control all space - gate - related or otherwise significant technology in the country 's possession .
if i can get to the fountain , ill get what i need , and then ill be powerful enough to be recognized by my country as a national treasure .
this paper folder contains one sheet of paper with all the countries of the world .
i see only the names of the countries of the world .
the other winner from foreign countries throughout the world died the next day after winning the pageant , therefore the contest was terminated there .
i am displaying the attached osp detector map for the world , the wall changes and then shows the countries of the world with red dots and numbers .
how many world countries are represented at the miss international starlit pageant last night before the fireworks , susy - q ?
there were 196 countries from the world present at the miss international starlit pageant last night before all were killed in the bomb explosion .
for 300 years , european countries forced africans onto slave ships and then transported them across the atlantic ocean .
during the early nineteenth century the united states received thousands of immigrants from foreign countries throughout the world .
the same world history books stated around 800 bc the phoenician lived in colonies around eastern mediterranean coast , now lebanon and israel that traded with the countries of egypt and mesopotamia and the new city blocks in greece and italy .
the world countries of south africa , france , and rome might hold the treasure and maybe our withholding some accidental deaths from the public .
it really did nt matter as long as a few remained to assist in rebuilding the country after the dragons are expelled .
the whole class burst in excitement when they heard the name of a dance group that recently won in hataw , pilipinas ! , a high - rating dance show which searched for the best dance group in the country .
what can they do in this country ?
this novel concept of a checking account spread against the countries from england to the colonies in north america and by 1700s in the country of england , paper , serial numbers , and what object appear ?
to reach your country , i will have to die first , that is what the die - hard rebels philosophy is about .
i have a feeling that fulfillment of my request will benefit the country or at least postpone an imminent disaster .
today he is with us , and tomorrow with another agency or in another country , which is our enemy .
we can assume the soldier aims at destruction of the object that harms the country , another employee ventured his observation , rather than escalation of a conflict .
the lily pageant will broadcast the international competition with all the beauty queens from the other foreign countries in london , england next month .
take the past ancient royal mating rituals of the countries great power world countries of great britain , france , and spain , all royal males always married a virgin dating as far back to the ninth century keeping the jesus strand viral and alive .
take the past ancient royal mating rituals of the countries great power world countries of great britain , france , and spain , all royal males always married a virgin dating as far back to the ninth century keeping the jesus strand viral and alive .
in 1789 george washington and members of congress walked to church after his inauguration in new york city to pray for the newly formed freed country .
this assignment should have been given to a clerk for all the action he was getting , but , brian reminded himself , he must remember what that formula could do to his country if it got into the wrong hands .
across the country , viewers had different opinions .
what would the statistics look like for the other parts of the country inhabited by 1.2 billion people ?
its still a mystery how rogue was still standing after everything that went on inside the country .
why did he pick okaya of all countries in the world ?
no one knew how this feud started , but it was never going to end between our two countries .
however , i no longer owe my allegiance to my country so i have no reason to draw arms with you .
perhaps , a truce between our countries would soon be possible through us .
how was it possible that they took over so many powerful countries in such a short period of time ?
in some way they were almost like rogueans and that s why our two countries never got along .
we both had powerful militias and our countries had been constantly fighting for more than three hundred years .
nope , our countries did not work together , just happened to be coincidence on their part .
king colostas mistake was that he split his army into two and made them to attack the two countries at the same time which played to his disadvantage .
if those two countries fell then there would a less countries strong enough to fend off the rainku .
if those two countries fell then there would a less countries strong enough to fend off the rainku .
did that mean i had to go through every country searching for him ?
what did he know anyway about other countries ?
at least she would have been in a civilized country . ''
why did it have to be such an unhealthy country that required a battery of vaccinations ?
they had confirmed the reports and said that hope surged through the country .
they were absolutely elated at the reunification of their two countries .
i mean people change and countries change , '' i tried to reason with her .
as if somebody who lives in another country becomes automatically a double agent .
they are all laughing their heads off as countries like australia bend over backwards to have climate control , sending companies broke with heavy taxes to force them to produce less pollution .
it was how it was for me , nothing much has changed except in industrial countries , the smog has thickened up considerably and they have no intentions of doing anything about it .
in the twelve months i visited twenty - two countries , staying at youth hostels .
a paranoia grips our country and the intelligence community is on the verge of anarchy and chaos .
one man remained for beretta to kill for his country and one to kill for himself .
an idea came to him and he reached to the back cover of their road map , where the countries of europe were listed with their flags and pointing at the union jack , he said , me ... english .
` ` i hate to do it to , '' hudson lied , ` ` but the interest of the country comes first .
and you look awfully calm for a man trying to figure out how to save his country and his girl .
` ` you do n't think i would have tried to save my country if it was too much trouble ? ''
its the first time in history every leader of every country will be gathered together in one place , and they pick the center of hick town ?
the man was a spook , wanted in seventeen countries for treason .
larson knew nothing of how to run a country , how to enforce the laws , and especially how to reel the power he commanded .
with contacts to both the united states and now great britains weapons needs , lord nemesis had the information he needed to build his army better than either country .
across the world , regardless of color , country or faith , the worlds population aged fifty years .
he , general ricard , would be known country wide as the ultimate warrior and the trouncer of renegades .
civilization began with small tribes which eventually lead to many civil wars , but eventually four countries were formed , each bound by race and ruled by their strongest fighter , known as the warlord .
the soarians set the standard for the modern world and eventually every country , though different , adapted a civilized society .
up to this point , the other countries had not been concerned about the blood shed in flaria until drakearon arrived on their own front steps , purah said with a hint of disgust .
on april 23 , 2037 , worldwide aggression peaked , and several countries exchanged long - range nuclear ballistic missiles .
that makes him among the most powerful in the country .
a surge of righteous nationalism swept the country as patriotic songs , plays , and art enjoyed a resurgence .
this will help stabilize the country , legitimize your rule , and give the gossips something to talk about besides me . ''
the entire country would then fear the same thing happening to them , and demand the government pull front line troops back in useless static defense positions .
i ve made out my last will and plan to legalize it in every relevant country .
england did n't blow with the wind like most countries , so he did n't regret not poisoning the indian who won so many medals for the english .
also , i have servers in thirty - six different countries .
lots of night time office work in one of the country 's largest financial and insurance capitals .
starting tomorrow morning milk cartons all over the country will feature pictures of drug lords with appropriate caption , name and address . ''
she hates the channel tunnel scheme because she says ` ` it will allow communism to seep into the country '' .
this story caused me to recall my encounter with the cid after giving a gnome to queen juliana , ' they 're into these occult ideas , too , ' i realised ; ' maybe the entire top echelon of the country thinks like this .
all of tomkins advances toward uniting the country under one king would be wiped away at a stroke .
it is a role that could , perhaps , be developed between other countries than the highlands and its neighbors .
well falkyr , if i may be so informal , shall we drink to a new era of dialog between our two countries ?
perhaps it is you who should consider representing your country as an ambassador here in riversea , and then making a marriage with prospects .
and what would people really think of someone setting up a new country on their doorstep ?
fisher is a separate country .
and what horrible crime against the queen have you committed that these people want you out of their country so badly ?
there are active groups in at least five countries , possibly more .
then arria tried to conquer all of the other countries , nearly succeeding in creating an empire that would rival what corrica had , before that empire , too , was reduced back to the original country of arria .
the za desert is not an official part of pakka , though pakka and other countries claim parts of the desert .
he had hoped for more information about the other countries , but he supposed that this had been a simple geography lesson .
the time that doomba has had to nearly take control of our country , and yet , despite the many opportunities that he s had , he has failed to take over .
the world that was separated and partitioned off into different countries and cultures , which were similar to each other in some ways , but not in all .
it was self - mutilation on an unfathomable level to pretend he was a traitor of the country he loved so much .
you are a scourge upon your country .
for a man who claims to be loyal to his country , you are overly concerned with a tarkan , the major answered coldly .
well , that is one of the things that happen when you have many decades of corruption as happens in every third world country , but great colombia was more stable than most , the country started as an experiment made by simon bolivar back in 1819 by merging a few of the countries of old , the country was divided in three territories or departments which were venezuela , cundinamarca and quito .
life was respected , at least more than in most third world countries , the oil income was so large that the country managed to survive almost exclusively on the income it produced .
it should have been more than enough for the country to grow , but somehow the politicians always managed to channel all the excess resources to their little greedy pockets .
it was one of those few , but wonderful things the previous governments had done for their country .
i found out as well that he keeps close contact with a few caribbean islands ' leaders and some other people from different countries , there is the rumour that they have plans to take over south america and convert it to communism .
now we are going to convert this country in an egalitarian society .
be careful traitors to the country and its people !
let 's take our country together with cabrera !
cabrera has already taken the presidency and started making many changes all over the country , he does not know about it , but he is affecting all of us , including other creatures of the night .
because changing hearts and minds , shifting the values of a country , altering the course of history was a profoundly personal thing .
not everybody wanted a country to start accepting its minorities , a world to stop going to war .
while i talked of influence magic being able to alter the course of a country , i was nowhere near that level of power .
wrong time to talk about the weird and wonderful things she was going to have shipped from other countries ; agent jacob fairweather was still standing right there to my left .
that was about states rights and keeping this country together .
you ca nt tell me that the reason why this cycle continues is not because racism is alive in this country .
the message in her first chapter of truth was that corporate america regarded it as a constitutional right to take the country to war whenever that war looked like good business .
and then i claimed you have been deceiving and humiliating the entire country for years because you were really a semonite from the north .
they are greater in size and richer than most countries , and the citizens of america are the owners of this neoempire .
hostile diplomatic relations between the two countries at every level of government did nt help this process .
tell , does my friend look like famous person in your country ?
they still are in developing countries .
we need to spread the proven message to every person in this country .
the common people are now in control of the country .
we covertly install rulers whom we deem to be friendly to ourselves in countries where we perceive a threat , not caring whether the new regime is beneficial or not to the country itself .
we covertly install rulers whom we deem to be friendly to ourselves in countries where we perceive a threat , not caring whether the new regime is beneficial or not to the country itself .
the second investment the british made was in organizing infrastructures and expanding the expectations of the people in those countries which came under their influence .
wherever they went the british laid down tracks and countries benefited .
we can do this by taking on the responsibility of empire and changing our foreign policy , by investing both our ethos and wealth in poorer countries of the world where life is a daily trial .
what if there were whole countries over there ?
teths world had not known a war in the eighty years since the original chancellor kavich had defeated the last of those dukes and unified the country .
it 's a historical building and supposedly one of the country 's first shopping malls , '' maryann answered .
there were no phones or radios , not even a telegraph as some secluded countries still made use of .
all that gleaming armor , those dashing young men , each a paragon of masculine honor and pride , all with the unquestioning obedience that makes a good soldier , tends to make people proud of the country that can create such men .
and would it not be a desirable thing to have an understanding of all the countries of the world and the secrets they contain ?
we demonstrate and instruct without books and distinctions , the ability to speak all manner of tongues of the countries we choose to be , in order to draw our fellow creatures from the error of death * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * during the middle ages , the churchs stranglehold kept the masses in a twilight realm between the practical realities of survival , the hope of heaven and the threat of hell .
i was incredibly lucky to have landed the job i had six months earlier ; there were maybe a hundred dramaturg positions in the entire country .
she 'd tell alex stories of royalty , what the kings and queens were like , the messes they made of their lives , and how they ruled over countries .
she advises all the countries of the world . ''
each gateway opened the way to the three respective countries .
they were now , in spirit , all one fleet , having one object , bearing against one enemy , ready to defend but one country , and that country was the entire earth .
he had not been given a foremost place in the congress , but when the name of his country was pronounced he rose by his chair , dressed in a gorgeous specimen of the peculiar attire of his country , then slowly pushed his way to the front , stepped up to the presidents desk and deposited upon it a small box .
above this immense space , rising in the centre to a height of more than a thousand feet , was anchored a vast number of balloons , all aglow with lights , and forming a tremendous dome , in which brilliant lamps were arranged in such a manner as to exhibit , in an endless succession of combinations , all the national colors , ensigns and insignia of the various countries represented at the congress .
let it suffice to say that when it broke up , in the small hours of the morning , it had been unanimously resolved that as many thousands of men as mr . edison might require should be immediately placed at his disposal ; that as far as possible all the great manufacturing establishments of the country should be instantly transformed into factories where electrical ships and disintegrators could be built , and upon the suggestion of professor sylvanus p. thompson , the celebrated english electrical expert , seconded by lord kelvin , it was resolved that all the leading men of science in the world should place their services at the disposal of mr . edison in any capacity in which , in his judgment , they might be useful to him .
there were still countries that turned their noses up at inter - racial and same - sex couples .
but he is currently a threat to the smooth - running of the country .
the slouch , as the papers finally settled on , did not affect the whole country simultaneously .
their job was , as the prime minister put it , to attack the problem at its root by assuring that all capable bodied individuals return to the industries that support the country .
that letter , sir , is a forgery , and i now leave you , only much gratified at the incident which has procured me the honour of an interview with a gentleman , whose name will live in the history of his country .
all the work - shys and the liberals and the poofters and the jews are a cancer , gnawin at the vitals of a once great country ... you d prefer it if britain became part of a neo - nazi empire ?
what this country needs is firm discipline ; an iron hand that will put an end to rampant , degenerate liberalism and poor racial hygiene ... really ?
he had missed most of her junior high years while serving his country in afghanistan .
we are traitors according to the laws of my country , yet we did what justice and love demanded and thereby kept the masters laws though we broke the laws of men .
so be it highness , i shall simply have to find my own country where rationality is the order of the day .
you are born with a destiny , fight for your country with your sword , king raligion thought .
i mean the split from goldoria was sixteen centuries ago , but the two countries have found an excuse to squabble ever since , like brothers arguing over a favourite toy .
i hear , whilst i was dormant , that human magicians managed to annihilate two countries !
each country had its own character and goals .
these often conflicted with the other countries .
the incidents with the ahk separatists in feergrus and dealing with the rava coast trading company showed that factions inside each country also caused problems .
the northern countries will be drastically weakened .
it had allowed the two countries to come to an equitable trade balance .
he kept a small collection of the coin of each country in a few different pouches .
between their control of the majority of the continent 's prime farmlands and the required militia training of the majority of the men , agon was a country that no sane nation would attempt to take on in a direct military confrontation .
only the great devis lane would be traveling to aid our country and know of the code word .
devis briefly shifted his face to the one that many of the feergrus thought of as his real face , it is an honor to aid my country .
his ultimate loyalty was to his country .
he had slowly weakened those that might stand in his way , manipulating entire countries into war or out of it .
please list the cities and countries where you have lived , with years of residence in each .
maria wanted everyone to see what caleb had done for his country .
if you are arrested in a foreign country we do n't want any enemies finding these logs .
you win wars by making the other poor dumb son - of - bitch die for his country .
he imagined controlling every country whose image had been inscribed upon it .
in school , they had watched a movie called the man without a country .
it was about a man who had committed some crime , and no country would accept him .
she was the girl without a country .
he was a man with high - powered lawyers he d been arrested for various offenses over the years , in several states and three foreign countries , but nothing stuck .
well , not exactly , not in this country , but strake had experience with the extraordinary police powers in some other countries .
well , i also do n't want to be , or have my country be , the one who lives a life of strife while forcing others to submit .
it seems that my country is leaning that way , or at least those in charge of it are .
i can not allow them to continue , and i can not stay in a country that would do such things . }
give the country an enemy , a common fear , and see how quickly they unite against it .
the reason is that i have little time to spend trying to govern your country .
one last thingthere have been accusations from certain leaders of the united nations , claiming the virus was created by terrorists , specifically targeting countries the u.s . supports .
well , there s been a string of violence and rioting in other countries as well .
in ancient times , people with your powers could rule entire countries .
when the ensari civil wars ended in 1.147 , the countries eitaph and naruga were formed , marking the beginning of the second era .
the stealth was the latest and fastest model in the country .
the monarchs and governments of many neighbouring countries paid tribute to it , often in the form of slaves , usually young , lithe female slaves , as is so often the way of these things ... but the question is , how exactly do these historians know ?
he started wars with neighbouring countries , believing in his madness that his long held allies had the object that he desired most , and truly believed belonged to him alone .
` ` but , the giants , they are n't citizens of any country .
how many countries ?
i ' ve had calls from all over the country , even the national enquirer , offering me vast sums of money if i reveal how i really did it !
there are entire countries that will not do anything to help defeat silva despite the fact that her plans are to conquer all of our lands , aleesha said in anger .
it will require crusaders of every country and in every generation to face threats that seem insurmountable in danger that can suffocate their very lives .
lots of it was a review of the national response to the big one , the earthquake that leveled southern california in january , and nearly two hundred representatives from crisis aid and intervention superteams around the country were here for that .
if he guesses wrong and we lose half the country hell never forgive himselfhow could it get more personal ?
in the hall the sick of many countries and tribes lay intermingled .
this city will go downhill drastically when its flooded with a ragtag of warriors from whichever countries their leader has decided to add to his empire today .
i lie day after day listening to the cries of the sick and wounded of many countries .
the gardener was able to set outside many plants he had gathered from other countries .
country after country has fallen , whole peoples are slain and scattered , animals slaughtered and fields burned .
they showed me lyria , the fall of the court and of a million other countries like my own .
remember that the countries are not dead yet there will be bands of rebels and refugees scattered about in hiding .
such a person would be a symbol to the masses at the very least , helping to unify the remaining powers of their shattered country .
yes , their countries were at war and during times of war people died , but morenne had attacked edrinor , not the other way around .
i did nt find any evidence linking the artifact to egyptian origin , and neither did the egyptian department of antiquities , which meant the country could nt place a national claim on it .
lou , once a proud navy seal serving his country , was like many other vets returning home to find no job or place to live .
there were small red dots , mostly located in developed countries , but every continent had some .
how many crimes against mankind are being committed in other cities and countries around the world , and who s going to take care of those ?
are you saying you do nt see the beauty in the sacrificial death of the noble thoroughbred feline for his country ?
liberty now has a country - marquis de lafayette the next few days were marked with intense celebration .
the queen of two countries ?
and of two countries !
it is very dangerous if there is a lapse in the leadership of the country .
each country and continent were covered in them .
at one time they topped the charts simultaneously in twenty eight countries .
our countries are at war , and the revolutionary spirit of america and france has the king frightened .
they had all pretended to be lesser nobles visiting from england to decrease interest in the strained relations between our two countries .
she clearly saw that the first consul would rise to power , and his continuing reach would engulf many countries , putting all at risk .
you may be intentionally disabling your aequitas enchantment which makes you a liability to this country , morgan said in a chilling tone .
the world is shattered , and all countries are beset with war , and it feels as though there is naught i can do to save them .
back to the countries i miss so dearly .
they were originally military experiments by the country 's old sovereignty ; before they turned on them and took over the country .
circling this tome and laying haphazardly across the table were piles of encyclopaedias , note books , scrolls , half melted candles , ink wells and strange looking wood - carved artefacts from different countries .
the empress of ffremettr may be spiteful and manipulative to other countries but the magicians in her land would not share her traits when it came to their calling .
and why would they be using lorosa , or premo for that matter , to destroy a country that they themselves could remove quicker , easier and more thoroughly ?
fuck , is it still a free country ?
these goats are a pack of liberals that want to weaken this country and sell it from under the white mans nose .
you know , that s the damn problem with this country .
what s what yours country done : free !
you country needs you .
what s the name of the country ?
at the end of his thirty minute talk , when entropy walked onstage on the other side of the world , only a few hundred trades had passed and the prime minister smiled , a happy man , proud of his country .
no other country or king would dare keep a member of the order waiting !
they were also to advise any ruler that requested it , in the defense of their country from external threats .
the waitress gave me a quizzical look , ` ` what happened to our country ?
whatever our country was , its now gone .
awesomecon was billed as the biggest board game , role - playing game , video game , sci - fi , anime , fantasy , and comic book convention in the country .
i swore shocking them even more , there is something called freedom of religion in this country !
certain graffiti express bitterness toward the host country .
i would think a demon would have to think as carefully as any country in this world about inviting in a 3rd party 's army when it 's own army is hard pressed .
this , unfortunately , means that no country stands before us .
eastern countries seek out the ladonean empire for protection .
the countries we take are usually in turmoil .
ryeland replies pointedly , our books say the ladoneans take countries and destroy cultures .
` ` how can i be expected to govern a country without secrecy ? ''
he 's not the only highly experienced cardiologist in this country .
` ` that 's the one and only pastor d. ananias faust who started ' blackdust shepherd 's faith ministry ' ten years ago on a budget of less than ten thousand dollars with a congregation of less than twenty people and now he earns an average of about four million dollars a year in revenues off of what is now his congregation of about twenty thousand followers locally and another fifty thousand across the country over the internet .
there were several large united states commercial passenger planes that were hijacked by terrorists and flown into important u.s . buildings so all of the airports were closed down across the country to keep other terrorists from hijacking more planes .
the freedom to choose was one of the first lessons in the garden of eden and the freedom to choose to believe in god and his goodness or to not believe through freedom of religion as one of the primary foundations of our country is what makes the united states so very special and great as compared to all other nations .
this is one of many reasons people here in the u.s . are seeking for long - term , high quality , effective solutions to fix the healthcare problems in our country . )
these are found more often in other countries ( often founded by americans ) to help women and the success rates have been extremely high for both the women becoming financially self - reliant plus the reliability of the women to pay back the loans on time .
there are very few microcredit programs in the u.s . designed for domestic benefit ( for americans ) but the more americans become financially self - reliant the more money will be available to help strengthen both the u.s . and those of other countries .
helping more americans to become financially successful in honorable ways while encouraging a philanthropic spirit will help the u.s . to remain a leader in charitable donations that go to help other countries and peoples all around the world ( of all of the countries around the world that donate to other countries globally , the u.s . donates the most money .
helping more americans to become financially successful in honorable ways while encouraging a philanthropic spirit will help the u.s . to remain a leader in charitable donations that go to help other countries and peoples all around the world ( of all of the countries around the world that donate to other countries globally , the u.s . donates the most money .
helping more americans to become financially successful in honorable ways while encouraging a philanthropic spirit will help the u.s . to remain a leader in charitable donations that go to help other countries and peoples all around the world ( of all of the countries around the world that donate to other countries globally , the u.s . donates the most money .
recent estimates are that the u.s . freely gives away approximately 75 % of the total global donations provided by countries for other countries worldwide . )
recent estimates are that the u.s . freely gives away approximately 75 % of the total global donations provided by countries for other countries worldwide . )
s & p 500 ( standard and poors 500 ) often used as a substitute for the market when judging the performance of mutual funds or investors , the s & p 500 is the most representative index of large cap , united states companies , including all the large publicly traded companies in the country .
you have served your country , i say automatically .
sometimes he d see postcards from countries he d never heard of or cities he d dreamt of .
bentley , i said , papers are downsizing and consolidating all over the country .
sometimes i dream of things happening in other countries .
he did nt know whether these people were a top - secret government black ops branch or some private organization or organized criminals or even agents from another country .
if khalil was to be believed , the professor had gone on academic sabbatical from his job teaching biology at a prestigious university elsewhere in the country just for the pleasure of tormenting sam on a regular basis .
we must do something to help this country , regardless of what happens with the princes intended oath or not .
they returned to the main audience chamber and the lady said to the glum prince , i have reconsidered your position and perhaps you can have your wish and we may even save your country in the process .
i will send one in your stead who will try and right the wrongs afflicting your country at present , you will give him your full cooperation , and then we shall discuss your oath .
ithamar was not the worst of countries in those days in its treatment of its peasants but the taxes were high and common men had few rights in a conflict of interest with the nobility .
we 'll still trade , no matter who runs the country . ''
you are asking me to make it my responsibility to be some guardian to this country .
this country deserves a name such as mine on the throne , he said as he walked through the commercial district , listening to whispers and gossip .
this country is going to be in deep shite once the new king is crowned today .
they claim he will know how to lead a country because he is the only one that has a family among his siblings .
the south country will kneel before us if they refuse to call truce .
let richard carry on the mission that sargf had for this country .
i will save this country , said the hooded man with lust in his voice .
a depressed king meant loss of control over the country .
you stand before the king of this country .
once we return victorious , i will be an icon to this country .
i assure you that no one in this country knows about the pendants .
the people of ironside snuck into other countries and studied other societies closely .
they kept a record of each country and their development .
anyone from outside countries would kill to live in a city like this .
however , i fear that ironside will become as corrupted as the rest of the countries .
he will serve this country .
despite the law of slavery in this country , i will make an exception .
to necros if someone is trying to destroy the country .
the laws in this country do not allow slavery , saron interrupted .
the king does not want to see anyone at the moment , especially traitors to this country like you , answered the knight from down the hallway .
i can not allow your wrath upon this country .
in the upcoming novels , more countries , races and magic will unfold .
we are in a democratic country there is no such thing as royalty .
currently there are several monarchies throughout the melayu realm , some are independent countries like malaysia and brunei darussalam , and others are cultural heritage sanctioned by the indonesian government .
naturally they had other friends too , from different faculties and different countries .
naturally we can not have our minister of finance living with his parents , our country will be a laughing - stock in the eyes of the world .
because of your popularity with the younger and higher educated generation of the country .
she knew that this is all a ceremonial procedure , because ever since the press release last week , practically the whole country know that she was going to be married to ali .
the economy will collapse , the government will collapse and eventually our country will collapse .
and the sultan is not ready to release his absolute control over the country .
as the ruler of the country and its religious leader , he needs to make sure that his family upholds the proper moral conducts .
` ` mita , the problem is , i as the sultan of this country , i am not only the head of the government , but i am also the religious leader .
` ` then , if i married his brother it would have the same effect , because his mother is the daughter of the second richest man in this country . ''
professionally managed a poultry farm could be a potential source of export for our country . ''
her mother was there on the vip seat , she was sitting with several foreigners who paramita deduced that they are representatives of foreign countries in jothar .
just thinking about it gives me a headache , ali maybe my nephew , but i still want my direct descendants to rule this country . ''
send me to jail or execute me for my insolence towards the king of this country !
what i am excited about is the chance to give to the country by being the future minister of finance once pangeran kadir retires , of course i have to spend one year as his deputy minister to learn more in - depth about the country 's financial matters , but i ' m happy about it . ''
i think every citizen of this country knows that prince abdul kadir is a ladies ' man .
` ` well as the future sultan of this country , what woman would n't fall at his feet ? ''
and i ' m sure people will start pointing fingers at me because , i ' m just a small - time model , and you 're the crown prince of this country . ''
` ` so the story goes the country 's crown prince , who has several wives , and this wife bore him a son and heir to the kingdom .
the side of a professional at work , of an economist who is working for his country and his dreams .
` ` well , of course it will bring a huge impact towards my father 's power over the country .
then she added , ` ` you know uncle if you were n't trying so hard to kill me you would be my hero for what you 're doing for the people of this country i did n't think that you had the same political view as i do . ''
there were no individual rulers , no separate countries , nothing as interesting as it was on earth .
they said that such drops were being constructed all over the country .
helika and a couple of other observant countries have already banned mum from entering the country on pain of death .
the world voidmark committee has confirmed a few things but were not releasing the news just yet every country around the world has agreed to coordinate .
a boy with a meek but kind face speaks haltingly , europids well , the countries actually most of our stories say that magic is gaias blood .
mate , every year that domremy flourishes is mud in helikas face at least as far as other observant countries are concerned .
this interpretation can mislead ; the gypsies are excluded from the collective national conscious of all countries for the same reason the weather , the mountains , the rivers and the animals are they are not seen as participatory elements in any nations image and identity .
one with just the countries filled in ?
coffer street , johanna said at once , but you wo nt get them with the countries filled in .
but people in pencier were far more concerned with the going - abouts of their actual neighbours than countries hundred of miles away .
the whole idea of having a country based on reflective philosophy at all came from a peoplesmeet .
his name was roger bacon , a man so famously charming , that he had somehow managed to get along with leaders of both reflective and observant faiths , and even more fantastically , had somehow wrangled the protection of both countries for his fledgling village .
asclepius coffey was in a very difficult position diplomatically stuck between loyalty to the country he called his own , and the helikan partners in enterprise who had invested in his dream .
most of the tiffs between the two countries were usually sparked off by the empires mistreatments of its reflective citizens .
before the voidmark , the blood census had been intended to allow for an unprecedented level of access into reflective conditions in the country , without the heretofore - required military intervention .
both countries got to keep their respective faces and everybody was protected and happy .
and now fifteen hundred were dead , and the delicate little overtures both countries had been making were almost certainly as dead .
and since the whole country would go to arms if they emperor told them to there s no thinking going on .
i do know of several countries with fewer people than that in them oh , were moving .
the pretty queen was all save my country , hero .
i ve no idea why , and i seriously do nt think either country can afford a war right now .
the people of many countries revered king rogaway , for he had saved them the agony of a war .
we have been liberating a country .
entropy will separate the country deeply , they discuss it .
he kept his country with an unprecedented peace and welfare .
in my country , mister evan told her , i would have had him killed .
nobody had demanded it of the sidhe , but we did n't want to be forced out of the last country that would have us , so we 'd sacrificed some of what we were in order to become more ... human .
not in the united states , of course , we 're too civilized for that , but there are other countries , other newspapers , other magazines .
i looked into aisling 's face , but could only truly see his eyes because he wore a veil wrapped around his head as some women did in arabic countries .
the constitution of our country says that all men are created equal , but it 's a lie .
because not everyone in america agreed with president jefferson 's decision to bring the fey to this country .
he shook his head , spilling his hood back , and revealing a veil like some of the arabic countries make their women wear .
also , given the current climate in this country , what would they do if they discovered i had been using alien mind powers on potential presidential candidates ? ''
` ` senator hartmann is surely the moral heir of the roosevelt - holmes clique that almost destroyed our country in the forties .
there are still enough people who would oppose a religious figure running this country .
you see him as a one - note candidate because you 're obsessed with wild cards , but leo speaks for a lot of simple americans who are worried about the moral decay of this country . ''
` ` ... and we do n't like what 's been happening in this country .
is that anguish something that we wish to see translated to our country ? ''
that this country should exist as our founding fathers planned it .
` ` the bad times are coming for wild cards in this country .
in civilised countries , there would be a call to arms over a man striking a woman .
` ` in other countries , over the years , people recognized the places of power .
` ` you will be doing your country a service by turning state 's evidence . ''
everything is made for export , to other arab countries , to europe , to america .
` ` you know , '' says the man in the light gray suit , when his drink arrives , ` ` the finest line of poetry ever uttered in the history of this whole damn country was said by canada bill jones in 1853 , in baton rouge , while he was being robbed blind in a crooked game of faro .
they may share certain cultural signifiers - money , a federal government , entertainment - it 's the same land , obviously - but the only things that give it the illusion of being one country are the greenback , the tonight show , and mcdonald 's . ''
this country needs its legends .
but this is not a country that tolerates gods for long .
they looked , above all , clean , and they wore the kind of dark suits that , in some countries , are worn by minor government officials .
` ` the svarts want that human country for some reason . ''
she looked at her opponent and asked him in her somewhat choppy english , ` ` is this not free country ? ''
it remains , in this country at any rate , a potent influence .
in any case , he could not help privately entertaining the hope that once at home , back at their post on the channel and engaged in the honest business of defending their country , temeraire might , if not give over his goals , then at least moderate them .
a mutiny of dragons would terrify all the country , and surely injure the cause as much as promote it ; and fix the ministry in the prejudice that dragons were not to be depended upon .
` ` mercy is a great virtue , '' mustafa said finally , ` ` and indeed it would be sorrowful to mar relations between our countries by unhappy and false accusations .
` ` no , i will not kill you , or your captain , who binds you to his country . ''
and nigeria 's not the first country to hire a dodgy mercenary ace . ''
michael understood the arguments , or thought he did : industries were shutting their doors throughout the industrialized countries ; rapid inflation threatened the world economy ; in the u.s . and other countries , cars were being abandoned in the streets ; hundred of thousands could n't get to their jobs and thousands more were being laid off or fired every day ; the entire transportation system was under immense stress ; there was talk of a burgeoning worldwide depression .
right now they 're in the shadowhunter home country , working out some very delicate peace negotiations .
behind him was a globe , made of beaten brass , that did n't look quite like other globes she had seen ; there was something subtly strange about the shape of the countries and continents .
is primarily a source country for the trafficking of women and girls internally and to the united states ( often through canada and mexico ) , japan , hong kong , guam , australia , new zealand , canada , and western europe for the purpose of commercial sexual exploitation .
if we do not stem the tide , they will consolidate their control over the country , and drugs will be the least of their crimes . ''
that 's too general a description to convict anyone ; it applies to billions of men across the country .
mercado libre was similar to ebay , only it served latin american countries .
the benefit is that it 's close by , and the countries are smaller .
in most third world countries , they only require a minister or another official to sign an affidavit , saying you were born there , on that date . ''
xops had gotten out of control under matthias 's rule and that man had to be stopped -- but the organization was n't entirely evil and did perform a necessary and significant service to the country .
as gerry 's father had been an eager participant in macarthur 's rebellion , that late gentleman 's commitment to country and duty was perhaps in question , but the argument at least distracted the boy from his tears .
` ` i must be flattered , '' hammond said to laurence , ` ` but i hope it may not be considered neglect of any possible service to our country that i do not pursue the offer ; i doubt very much she would be willing to come back with me , if i did . ''
it 's only the future of the country that 's at stake . ''
she 'd realize something like that would push the country right into his hands .
` ` then why do n't countries move ? ''
apart from that event , eidolon has been a solid corporate citizen , employing thousands of people in dozens of locations around the country . ''
the last thing she wanted was for him to learn more about lucia garza , and what she 'd done in the name of causes and country .
` ` and after this country ? ''
change countries and your name and , if you had the right manner , the world was your mollusc .
he spent his first day of freedom carefully composing messages to the other small countries along the coast .
every free country along the coast .
most of the countries along the coast hated one another , not in any personal sense , but simply on a kind of historical basis .
none of the countries in the fleet hated the others worse than they did omnia .
the only captain who did not , in fact , think that he was commanding the fleet was fasta benj , a fisherman from a very small nation of marsh - dwelling nomads of whose existence all the other countries were in complete ignorance , and whose small reed boat had been in the path of the fleet and had got swept along .
` ` do n't see how he could be a spy in his own country , '' said argavisti .
you can think up a better way of ruling the country .
royalty has to deal with entire countries who get belligerent after one drink , and entire kingdoms who have broken off diplomatic relations after what the crown prince said about our sharon .
some people have inspired whole countries to great deeds because of the power of their vision .
' last i heard , this thing had been banned in eight countries and three religions said they 'd excommunicate any soldiers found using it !
around it are those countries which , according to history , constitute the civilized world , i.e. , a world that can support histor - ians : ephebe , tsort , omnia , klatch and the sprawling city state of ankh- morpork .
people think that 's how a country is supposed to run .
warlords had n't run the country .
one sun mirror , as he welded the tribes and countries and little island nations together , had wanted a room built which said to chieftains and ambassadors : this is the biggest space you ' ve ever been in , it is more splendid than anything you could ever imagine , and we ' ve got a lot more rooms like this .
it 's because of a little thing we have in our country .
they say that it 'll hit us on hogswatchnight and the seas will boil and the countries of the disc will be broken nd kings will be brought down and the cities will be as lakes of glass , ' said the man .
' exporting these weapons to other countries , ' said lord vetinari .
' and mr goriff comes from elharib , and the two countries only stopped fighting ten years ago .
' after all , just because our countries are at war is no reason why we should not respect one another as friends , ' said lord rust .
' it is always useful to face an enemy who is prepared to die for his country , ' he read .
well ... that sort of thing makes countries uneasy .
personally , i like the little tribes and countries , even their little wars .
sometimes i dream that we could deal with the big crimes , that we could make a law for countries and not just for people , and people like him would have- ' ahmed pulled him upright and patted him on the shoulder .
' i ' m not the man to shirk when the fate of whole countries is in the balance , ' he said .
rincewind had eaten in many countries on the disc , and sometimes he 'd been able to complete an entire meal before having to run away .
' i see what you mean ... ' ' i was just thinking ... supposing someone was in a country who should n't be there ?
possibly the spot was between a couple of ribs and the force was applied via a dagger , or between two warring countries and applied via an army , but the important thing was to find that one weak spot which would be the key to everything .
more of the ambassadors from other countries had arrived at the university , and more heads of the guilds were pouring in , and every single one of them wanted to be involved in the decision - making process without necessarily going through the intelligence - using process first about seven committees , he considered , should be about right .
they 're like little countries ... there 's people !
you probably are the rightful king of some country , but they found someone who looked like you and did a swap .
it was a betrayal of sybil and the future watch and even of his grace sir samuel vimes , who had to think about the politics of distant countries and manpower requirements and how to raise that damn boat that river division kept sinking .
the vizier , whose name was nine turning mirrors , had some very clear views about who should run the country , e.g. , that it should be him , and now the boy was getting big enough to ask questions like ' do n't you think the wall would look better with a few gates in it ? '
may this message go swiftly to all corners of my country , that all men may know of your unfortunate condition and derive instruction thereby . '
foreign countries are , well , foreign countries .
foreign countries are , well , foreign countries .
' they run this country , do n't they ? '
she was pretty certain things like countries did n't have minds .
' why ... prithee ... you need to finance your ambitious programme for the country . '
we do n't even think about other countries less than three thousand years old .
it 's not for nothing that advanced mathematics tends to be invented in hot countries .
' you were tiny countries in those days .
some countries had experimented with the idea of the sacrificial king , long ago .
that was something only silly subject people did , in other countries .
i'l not risk sending them to a country i know nothing about with ren .
i know how the males of my country ' help ' females .
they 're still an important piece of the country 's history , but have very little power governing it . ''
` ` i 'll take three countries and two states , '' i answered , crossing my arms .
but some men might be found , willing to take service with you , and such an arrangement made possible ; if there were peace between our countries . ''
the old english word for ' slave ' in general remained theow , which was used of slaves in other countries or of other origin .
the country does n't .
( now superseded in civilised countries by other firearms . ) '
' welcoming ambassadors from foreign countries , ' said mr potts .
turning me into some kind of fool in front of the entire country ? ''
she throws back her head and shouts , ` ` whole country in rebellion ?
below them you have your national wardens , who control entire countries , and beneath them sector wardens , regional wardens , local wardens , and staff .
if anything , men who held the power to destroy whole countries might have a greater tendency to it .
in this country a similar holocaust- '' ` ` over a thousand babies every day , '' dalton said .
' but they would like your country , so i just wondered . '
i do n't know anything about this country . '
many are my names in many countries , he said .
she had not heard of that country .
there are also occasions on which a mother 's love for her own children or a man 's love for his own country have to be suppressed or they will lead to unfairness towards other people 's children or countries .
now at last i can do what i always wanted to do - my duty to my country . '
poorly trained or not , weak of character or not , mocked or not , you are all this country has .
now we just need to keep this country in one piece .
its practitioners spanned many countries and peoples ; they believed that there was only one god , and that there was only one right way to worship . ''
would - be queens and kings did not run away and hide , and give their countries over to insane tyrants like my cousin cel .
` ` and in a properly governed country i 'd know how to deal with you .
then his own land reeled downwards and backwards and a great wall of water pushed its way up between the two countries and cut each off from sight of the other .
it was he who brought all your nation into the country .
at aubreyville high school , rosie had gone steady with the boy who had married her a week after her graduation , and they had formed a country of two ... one whose borders were usually closed to tourists .
if we went to war against one another on american soil , they 'd exile us , and we were out of countries that would take us .
` ` it was either give up more of our power or be exiles without a country . ''
this is the last country that will accept free sidhe , without restricting our culture , our magic , us . ''
it 's the difference between a country declaring war and a small rebel faction striking out . ''
they will be banished from the last country that will have them . ''
they can be exiled from this country for that . ''
` ` and there , '' said busby , ` ` you see again what the institute is already doing for the country .
we 'd a job to make him understand that ransom is n't the king of this country .
have n't you noticed that we are two countries ?
their secret country was real .
i expect to find aslan 's own country .
it was not a country that welcomed visitors .
it sounds the least phoney of these countries .
` ` will you tell us how to get into your country from our world ? ''
13 ) he is only ' a traveller from far countries ' ; and the fact that the story he told to veanne of his earlier life ( pp .
other countries .
it 's a friendly country ! '
for a moment they stood in silence , laurence still resentful , and as unable to form a reply as if yongxing had spoken in his native tongue , baffled entirely by a description of the relations between their countries which should lump christian missionaries together in with smugglers and so absurdly refuse to acknowledge the benefits of free and open trade to both parties .
` ` if you will not be persuaded by consideration for lung tien xiang or for yourself , will you at least serve your country 's interests ? ''
` ` you will permit that i make myself known to you , i hope , despite the unhappy state of affairs between our countries , '' de guignes continued .
one forgets the names of all these little countries .
one might have anticipated some awkwardness from the motley company : the larrakia elders , the macassan fishermen , merchant captains from three countries and their first mates , all in their respective best ; their hosts in their formal robes .
` ` i do not see how one small country can complain if it does not rule all the oceans of the world , even those which are quite upon the other side , '' he said , ` ` and after all , have we not heard that java is only on the other side of the water here , and the dutch are there , and our friends ?
in many countries , holding the weapon like that would be an insult , but southerners were known to be peevish and ill - tempered .
what if she created multiple bonds between their countries ?
but other countries have no such memories .
if she 'd taken the throne , she 'd have gained its lands - and become the only person to have holdings in both countries .
if something were to happen to you , there is a good chance that either lorstrum or bertome could make a play for both countries . ''
your countries need you .
i , however , wo n't chain my country to the wall '' .
any document like this must give a way to settle such things ; you must set up a way to punish an infraction save for the other countries to enter all - out war .
` ` if rand persuades them , does that allow them to keep the countries they have now ?
it also looked far tidier than bryne 's camp , which had been nearly destroyed and rebuilt , and which included people from many different countries and military backgrounds .
he had cobbled them together under captain joni shagrin out of a mix of seasoned veterans from the cavalries of other countries and those soldiers from the tower guard who wanted to join this elite fighting force .
maybe a few small countries , too .
was i in a country where women showing hair was a crime ?
acd stood for the arcane crime database , a federal clearinghouse of all magic - related criminal activity in the country .
yellow words trailed across the bottom of the screen , listing countries .
` ` what 's going on with those countries ? ''
` ` they 're the countries that the un has lost contact with , '' mrs . siders said .
the countries to the north , like norway and sweden , had n't been heard from since half past eight .
this depression was dragging on and on , and although their new president , franklin d. roosevelt , had done some mighty high talking in his campaign , no one knew when the country would be back on its newspaper - soled feet .
there are plants here from other countries as well .
does not the preacher in this country ask the pair of you if you consent to the union ?
for his country , he intercepted .
we have to keep our country safe , mal .
we have to be loyal to our country , he explained , as if speaking to a child .
to a country she was willing to risk everything for .
it is the health of the country we should be concerned with , more so than individual disease .
no , i d rather die defending my country .
after his death , english kings continued to rule both countries , making the french kings increasingly angry .
this gave him the right to rule both countries from one throne , but the french had had enough of english tyrannical rule .
a country needs to have a strong leader .
our king does nt have the capabilities to lead this country .
that s one of the reasons they are trying to take our country .
i came to your country from the clouds .
in answer to your question , french is the name of the language of our country .
but i ca nt believe that our nobles want this country to fail .
glaring directly at them with her green eyes full of anger , she speaks with courage , i have come here to help france become a united country ; it is only through me that this will happen !
my soldiers are better trained and equipped than your soldiers are , and our country is superior to yours .
our country still needs a great commander like you .
i think that they should be stored in separate cities , possibly even separate countries .
it will cost enough to bankrupt a small country .
most of the country saw him as much like sarah palin , a failed governor whose out of control mouth was their downfall .
james s. mayfield , secretary of state for the republic of texas- ` ` the true policy and prosperity of this country ( texas ) depend on the maintenance [ of slavery . ]
it 's the same with your great hoggishness for countries .
enslaved within my own country ?
but we must stamp out this murderous trade that is costing innocent lives and also costing the country a fortune in revenue , which only profits our enemies .
at least the free trade agreement between both countries has reduced the scale of smuggling from what it was , say , thirty years ago .
the weapon of choice was religion to cause neighboring countries to take sides .
this country is what you see and hear on the monitor - an orgy of discontents satisfied by buying something new to throw out the used and to repeat the process until they did nt know what they re doing .
that s what s going on in our country .
with $ 16 trillion just hear it again we owe sixteen trillion dollars to other countries , to other people .
do you have an extra $ 18,000 to give to your country right now , to bailout the politicians , and whoever is in washington that caused this mess ?
the president today is just a cheerleader , and even worst , a puppet to the real owners of our country .
from the outset , the country was founded on liberty , not democracy .
a poor democratic country , which has not monetary wealth to distribute to its people is not democratic but autocratic .
our country is obligated under current law to mandatory payments for medicare , medicaid social security and other social programs .
we can not change the economic dynamics of the country .
i merely did my duty as a soldier protecting the interests of my country .
this country runs a trillion dollar plus checkbook .
do you really believe this country wants to elect a wall street financier as the president of the united states ?
we have a lot of trouble around the world , as you see , the middle east in fames , and what s going on in this country with gas prices and the economy ?
and i m here to talk about a positive solutions that confronts this country that include everybody from the bottom up .
do you have $ 18,000 to give to your country right now , to bailout the politicians , and whoever is in washington that caused this mess ?
i actually have experience on tackling the toughest problems that we have in this country , and that 's the growth of entitlement spending .
but we need to start dealing with it now because our country is facing fiscal bankruptcy .
number one , i said today that we 're going to cut taxes on everyone across the country by 20 percent , including the top 1 percent .
you 're never going to balance the budget on the back of a highly unemployed country .
i mean , just think there are foreign aid packages that are huge , and when the member votes for it , they do n't said , well , this money is going to a , b , c , because i love that country , but it 's the principle of the way the government works .
an alternative strategy must be in place within two years or our country will not survive as we know it today .
i want our country to survive the next 100 years for the benefit of my future children and their children and yours , and theirs , theirs and theirs .
at the current rate and without a definitive policy to attract students to the doctoring profession , by 2025 our country will face a 200,000 shortage of qualified doctors .
as the current tax codes are written , a us owned foreign company pays no u.s . federal taxes and only pays taxes in the country they are domiciled in .
and definitely not federal tax reform advantage because they like the arrangement of the middle class paying the bulk of the cost to run the country .
i m afraid what is happening to our country .
from the outset , our country was founded on liberty , not democracy .
we need to pay back and make our country whole again .
he was not only a smuggler he was a spy , as well , making a fortune out of the betrayal of his country .
in the middle east countries saudi arabia , kuwait , jordan , iraq , egypt , oman etc .
after the news about the earthquake in the philippines , the chinese newscaster broadcast news events in other countries : iraqs president saddam husseins threat to send hundreds of thousands of troops and hundreds of tanks to its border with kuwait ; the decision of the soviet union and hungary to accept the north atlantic treaty organizations ( nato ) offer to establish diplomatic relations with the alliance ; deployment of the united states planned space based missile defense system in 1993 , popularly known as star wars ; the decision of the united states to withdraw recognition of the cambodian resistances coalition against the vietnamese - backed government of hun sen ; and the threat of south koreas opposition parties to resign from parliament and attempt a merger to challenge president roh tae woos government .
imagine , even blankets and clothes that have been donated for the earthquake victims are ending up for sale in fairview , and eggs that have been donated by other countries , are being sold in pampanga !
she thought of the toll of the invasion on the already faltering economy of the philippines , a country heavily dependent on middle east oil .
the philippines was one of the countries which contributed to the united nations forces in korea during that time of conflict .
norbert is a graduate of the national defense college of the philippines ( ndcp ) , the topmost armed forces school in the country , where he was conferred a masters degree in national security administration ( mnsa ) and the rank of lt .
this creates a complex psychological mix of amnesia , apology , and defensiveness whose exact proportions depend on the country and the political views of the individual .
yet the breaking of faith represented by this overgrown cemetery reminds us of the truth that so much of modern officially approved culture tries to deny : you can ultimately , only dependat best -- on those with whom you have something profound in common : family , co - religionists , nation , country , in ever - larger concentric circles , like gravity the forces that bind becoming weaker over distance .
it would be silly to use such things to condemn an entire country for its antisemites just as to point to individual jewish communists does nt prove jews are treacherous or disloyal .
rabbis were part of a far - flung intellectual network in which books and ideas passed from country to country , even continent to continent .
rabbis were part of a far - flung intellectual network in which books and ideas passed from country to country , even continent to continent .
it was nt that the poles had nt tried hard to revive their country .
alexander was himself a reformer who , if he lived , probably would have led the country in a more democratic direction including fairer treatment of the jews .
polands new leader jzef pisudski wanted to recapture historic polish territories and lead an alliance of new eastern european countries to balance off both germany and the ussr .
for his part , pilsudski and his social democratic allies thought antisemitism dishonored poland and undercut its desire to be a respected country enjoying international backing .
yet , after all , they are nt going to turn over whole countries to his tender mercies ; the germans have far more to offer him .
nominally , the two countries have signed a non - aggression pact .
the two countries are to reestablish peace and order in keeping with their national character as they divide up poland .
he was the manufacturer of internationally renowned shoes , name known and respected in several countries for quality .
on july 30 , 1941 , the two countries signed an agreement which , among other things , said that all polish prisoners would be released and those who so wished could join the polish army .
israel gitlitz joined the army of the country that bore his name and was killed in the war of independence in 1949 .
in germany , they were separated , put into dormitories , and set to work with captives from a dozen different countries .
but these deeds also had their cost , being seenand magnifiedby poles as well as lithuanians and other nationalities caught between germans and russians as proving the thesis that all jews were communists and enemies of the countries where they had been living .
matters remain very delicate today for jews who still live in those countries .
in writing about why african states failed , richard dowden , the leading journalist specializing on the area , concludes the chief cause was the lack of a common nationhood in concocted countries created by forcing together hundreds of different societies with their own laws and languages .
` ` but i ' ve almost forgotten my country 's manners .
` ` and some countries in europe use fireworks in battle , majesty .
you 'd better get the firman signed , before the country starts coming apart .
furthermore , as the protestant countries began to venture into the indies , the political usefulness of having portuguese priests near the ruler of india became increasingly obvious .
then , through an act of international espionage , they stole a secret industrial process from the catholic countries that gave them the key to unimagined wealth .
the low countries do n't want war with england .
it is a damnable great ceremony of my country . ''
he had done more to endanger spain 's fragile economy than all the protestant countries together .
how dare they deal that card when what really should be feared was the racial turmoil dividing the country and the conspiracy of deceit that was driving the nation deeper into a war of consequence not worth its cost ?
and the country 's in no mood for a conservative right now .
his blade had shaped the fates of several countries , though many people would never learn his name .
we are warriors , born to lead our country to a better future .
i try to make a stance against the norman parasites on our country .
you see , until 1834 most gold coins produced by the us mint were only briefly in circulation before they were melted down and traded for silver with european countries where they were worth far more .
he had already decided that the war was a win - win situation for him he would either remain in this country or defect to the victor .
someone from a different country might think i m ugly because i am very different from the way their people look .
but i ca nt even see what the other countries look like .
i wonder if this country is not actually run by the lawyers .
or indeed any foreign countries .
the difference between a french naval officer and a merchant ship captain who was not paid to fight for his country became apparent .
it was no surprise that the news was received with deep despair , and while the judaeans mourned the loss of its king and country , the other communities cautiously distanced themselves from us , fearful of our reaction and of the imminent risk of mutinies and rebellions .
you have contacts with other countries through your tsydon family connections , so many of us also appreciate your strong character , said general simon halely .
the stars on the middle of the sky were organized in a shape of a balance , in its common shape of those days ; ( it is still used nowadays in the periphery of some mideast countries , where electronic equipment has not arrived yet ) .
( at those remote days , as well as fifty years ago , in most countries of the globe no tooth treatment had existed ) .
( nowadays dictatorships in the arab countries begin [ only begin ] to fade .
regardless , both countries now celebrate the economic and social contributions of workers with a national holiday on the first monday in september each year .
find out about life in other countries .
coinage was in use , and there is abundant evidence of continued trade with other mediterranean countries .
everyone in this country has a phone .
i know that lin is involved in ... in the politics of her country .
she used to say she just could nt compete with a whole other country .
millions of dollars go missing in this fucked - up country every week.its all arranged .
they ve dropped more bombs on this country than were dropped on germany in the whole of world war 2 .
they do nt understand that dying for their country is more than just honourable .
he does what so many prisoners in so many countries at so many times have donehe starts scratching on paper .
he defined it as that cluster of cultural symbols that holds a country together , what others also call the religion of the republic .
what other country could pass so much critical legislation as fast as ours has ?
but you guys see an imperialist pig behind every decent citizen in this country .
it is true harvard thought his theory too controversial and never gave him tenure , but he found a more welcome home in the heart of his country the university of virginia .
the united states could have been a continental country .
there are points in history , sir , when our two countries share events .
then you know our countries did not share beginnings .
that is too bad , because he was the one historian in your country who understood what my ancestor had accomplished .
first , i said , i know that while our two countries have been constant competitors and sometimes combatants , new france had no concern for us in 1673 .
in the end both our countries broke their power , but yes , as it turned out the termination of the mississippi in the gulf hurt them very badly .
here are all the countries and all their customs .
this intimidated any nobles who might care to object to his policies , and kept neighboring countries on their best behavior .
we were a country without space .
i want to see the world through jolliets eyes , and learn how he sees past events between our countries .
whatever he was negotiating seemed to involve half the government officials of the country .
one country , indivisible .
they had the wrong latitude for the river that was to mean so much to both our countries .
it seems sad , does it not , to be an ambassador to part of ones own country .
the objective in either country is the same .
i was interviewing the ex - president of the country .
both our countries learned to fear and respect the iroquois .
even if i no longer published slash and burn history , could any thesis i established be equally valid on both countries ?
if the traffic continued this way for very long , canada would be two countries before any political action was taken .
shawn , your country and mine have fought three wars and tens of thousands have been killed .
there was anger , but i know of no time where the character of either country changed and people became mean .
with claude jolliet now as information minister , the service would probably be rebroadcast for days until every person in the country had seen the service and had understood the message of the dresses .
we all know that each country portrays historical events its own way , so i knew at one level the french texts would not describe washington the way i would .
claude jolliet had given the country a week of church services , and had then started broadcasting carefully filtered news .
sure he kept europe at war for a generation , but he kept his country catholic .
our countries had nt fought each other for more than a century .
blonde and blue - eyed , he looked like the kind of person the state department would want to represent the country .
one king , one country , one religion .
what i am asking you to do for your country is to help save those mens lives .
this has never really been one country .
he knew about every dollar of revenue in the country and could tell you the expenditures of every department off the top of his head .
i wish i could tell you why they want their own country , why they want to start a war .
i do nt know of any more cathedrals , but i fear the opposition will work just as hard to break the country apart as you will work to hold it together .
does that headline unite our country or divide it ?
but for tonight i am requesting that you serve your country in a different way .
i am convinced that canada has always been two countries louisiana and the north , and there were always just two forces holding the country together the jolliet clan and england .
i wonder when the time comes , will you choose your country , or will you choose your pope .
second , our countries have been fighting for three centuries .
it did nt appear the foundation had ever spent a dollar outside the country before .
there has been enough bad blood between our two countries that periodically some frenchman will have too much wine and attack the building with everything from a tossed bottle to a home - made bomb .
history is full of characters who drag their countries into places they should nt be .
except both countries had nuclear weapons .
but if i tried to stop foster , was i working against my own country ?
we have no authority to transmit data to a civilian site in a foreign country .
she likely was unaware that he remained a sworn officer of the country , sharing an unknowing widely held outside pikes closest friends .
i m unique in being the only one khufu threw out of his country .
yes , yes , a real defense of my country .
none of the countries , however , had the extra resources to promise to send an overseas force into england for father ; at least not yet .
together the three managed the country as well as its involvement in the thirty years war .
parliament , while not able to run the country , was nevertheless still effective militarily .
oliver cromwell and his biased parliament now have a firm control over the running of the country .
soon it was clear i would find little help from any country in europe .
no country could afford the long , costly war that would surly result should they declare war against england .
parliament again attempted to rule the country , but their laws carried no weight , they had the allegiance of no army , and the common people have lost their faith in parliament .
the civil war had tested the country and its king , making it stronger and more prepared for the future than ever before , turning it from an isolated , medieval power into a power in prime position to dominate the world .
why do you see the holiness in your country ?
and it was not just british , commonwealth and us service personnel who were missing , other countries including the italians , germans , french and japanese had long wondered where their citizens had disappeared to .
a high ranking government official suggested that he leave the country rather than continue to try to change it .
it is an honorable thing to die for your country , he stressed with an air of compassionate dignity .
saying he s eighteen we understand , because he s not a day past fifteen and thus legally barred from getting blown to bits for king and country .
sure , you re over here dying for your country , but what s that doing for her ?
if one needs to see how fashions change without countries being conquered militarily , just look at all the youths in europe and asia who wear jeans and t - shirts with baseball caps on backwards .
he next pointed out that what we consider moral acts in athens , are considered immoral or vice versa in other countries .
he told how the egyptian pharaohs married their own sisters , that the kings of some asian countries murdered all of their brothers on gaining the throne , so that none would be left to contest his reign .
i am interested in the interactions of men and of cities and of countries .
this seems to be true in all countries .
did you not teach them of the governments of other greek states and foreign countries ? ''
` ` you must realize now that we have made the world smaller by the unity of our countries .
the greeks of the mother country were aware of their increase in trade and opportunities for immigration for the poorer classes .
just seeing lisbon has been an eye - opener , not to mention seeing people from other countries they all look so different , but i keep telling myself that they are just like you and me , really .
it has made me see how little we know of people in other countries , and that we actually have so much in common , if we would only bother to look .
yes , many people in our countries would say that you and i should not be allowed to feel the way we do about each other , but then who put those people in charge of our lives ?
and still you labor for that same country , without spite and bitterness , even fervently ?
almost every european country was at some sort of odds with one another .
iran or something ; one of those oil countries .
since the country , in essence , made the cause , the country would experience the effect .
since the country , in essence , made the cause , the country would experience the effect .
winning over a country is comparatively simple if you have the resources ; i.e .
you do nt have to worry for that , satyanand assured , even you both are born in different countries , universe will get everything done so that you both can be together .
so it is quite natural akbar did nt want to make her the wife of the future emperor of the country , even though she was muslim .
i know about that , rizwan said , but you ca nt blame all the people of a country for the barbaric act of one individual .
sher afghan khan arranged to bring nicest looking dancing girls from lucknow , the mujra capital of the country .
the letter will obviously be carried by some of their ships , which regularly ply between the two countries .
the moment the balance will shift , one power will displace the other from the country .
i may not be of any use to them , suraj started again , but is it not an unpatriotic action to help a foreign country to conquer our motherland ?
however , you and i are nobody to determine which force will run the country .
you have never been so ambitious to dream yourself as the ruler of this country .
portugal is just one european country , satyanand explained , obviously there are other european countries there , and some of them are planning to come to india for trade .
have you got any idea how these countries have maintained relations among one another ?
satyanand laughed , do you think when these european countries come here , our rulers will fight united against them ?
on the other hand , these portuguese and other european countries will stay miles ahead of mughals in innovation .
try to learn as much possible about the western countries especially their technologies .
these countries have the potential to come to india and give a tough time to the mughals .
i have no particular sympathy towards the western countries .
your ships are now sailing to european countries .
it would set a precedent for every union in the country .
in this country we let our children run around outside without shoes because it is safe .
it denounces the main political parties as tools of the capitalist system , not just the liberal and reform governments here , but those in other countries too .
in an address to the children in waihi , did you say that in some countries men like engine drivers would be tarred and feathered ?
i reiterate that the rest of the country shall know of the true position of the police and the scabs in waihi , and the honourable restrained behaviour of the strikers , he began .
waihi proves that the class struggle is not confined to any country but manifests itself in every nook and cranny of the globe .
as my colleague said , the fight in waihi merely echoes what has been happening in other older countries .
it was marx who said the country that is more highly developed industrially only shows to the less developed the image of its own future .
the so called police bravery was yet another farce that went not understood by the country at large .
a year before , ben had been able to nobly hate an enemy for the sake of his country , but since then he had learned to hate in a much more personal and less noble way .
henry , a solid man with a barrel chest and a ruddy face , achieved more success at governing countries and provinces than governing his own family .
the country will expect it .
after taking a drink from his own goblet he said , you know , all of these people in this region who speak occitan should come together as one country .
his country needed him more than his fiance .
i told them i was ready to die for my country .
given the dutchs neutrality , cocard will be a prisoner of war until the germans are kicked out of our country .
we ca nt disappoint our king and country , can we ?
moreso than in countries like hungary and macedonia .
they re matching up men and women all over the country who want to get married .
in 1786 a treaty was signed by france and great britain removing trade restrictions between their two countries .
in fact they would probably regard it as treason to try and return a valued saint to a country with whom they were in constant conflict .
they gave us a second chance , we wanted to support our country and do something with our lives , not that it is any of your concern .
these are the countries finest cattle horses , not dirt - farmers plow horses !
what difference would it have made to a country that seemed to have it all ?
no such country existed .
our country has produced dozens of dewashes .
for everyone else , the question centered on january travels , safety , normalcy , a canada that was still one country .
i can guess what this is all about , and i appreciate there might be some advantage if canada were two countries rather than one .
i have never heard of those countries described quite that way , but i guess i see your point .
the boundary was established -- in part by the new english countries , and in part by us .
we are going to sweep the elections and all of us will be very busy running a new country .
your country is one of the best allies we have .
i hope one of the things my country can do for louisiana is to convince you to take that uniform off .
we need to stop this before our country is hurt even more .
i would be a traitor to my country and the emperor .
but what can one do when one has to defend ones country and obey ones betters ?
he wanted to stand up and protest that it was us government property , a cultural treasure of his country .
it is peace in name only so your politicians can congratulate themselves and your country can boast .
they let all the interned japs loose in our country .
so my country was now in the hands of the very fewthe outsiders and the wealthy with european bloodlines .
you do nt like what the elite class has done to our country any more than i do , he declared , staring into the water .
i ca nt be here doing nothing when my country needs me , he stated , not looking at me even once .
how do you shore up whatever relationships are left , and limit the damage to the country ?
my father had done business with people in a dozen different countries and at all levels of an enterprise .
frankly senator , i have no idea what situation my country is in .
your country is going to be impacted , no matter how this crisis is finally resolved .
and if history shows we really should be two countries ?
it may be a small thing , but i want to look for bonds that might hold the country together bonds that first linked the two colonies .
if louisiana were a separate country , we and they would impose tariffs on trade , right ?
` ` whatever our policies might be on a given day , they do n't include having americans starting battles in foreign countries . ''
while i wanted to see how trade had united a country , she wanted to see how trade was being impacted by a divided country .
while i wanted to see how trade had united a country , she wanted to see how trade was being impacted by a divided country .
she is invaluable to her country .
i understand you will be meeting with the economists to evaluate the economic damage this will do to the country .
our experts have explained to us the importance of the warehouses to the business processes of the country , and he has been able to describe their needs to us .
people were taking actions that would determine the future of the country .
we 're a country of laws , and laws have been passed to take care of this situation . ''
they may be thugs , but they ca nt look like thugs if they want to govern the country they are trying to create .
now that i was fortified with food and coffee , i would see the other visitor , the representative of my country .
he said the u.s . was a democracy , so it did nt have a position , it had thousands of positions , one for every power broker in the country .
her country was at war .
apparently the new country already had a national anthem .
he has a whole page describing the honor of defending his country , and the virtues of the french , but within a page he is on about the chance to see mountains , so honor and virtue pretty quickly become sightseeing .
` ` every country has a constitution .
that was the best argument i could make for not creating a new country ?
` ` heavenly father , bless the people in this room , give us wisdom as we seek to protect the citizens of our country , grant your blessings on this bountiful land as you have in the past .
how could you not want to be part of a country that had her as its hostess ?
apparently the delegates liked to stand out in the sun after a great day deciding the future of their country .
chapter 18 a country divided i spent the afternoon watching tv news in my room .
we must stop additional terrorists from entering our country .
canadian citizens will be allowed to enter our country once normal relations have been established between our countries .
canadian citizens will be allowed to enter our country once normal relations have been established between our countries .
i should have put the country first . ''
` ` it 's impossible to check -- not without the name of the bank , or at least the country .
meanwhile the two projectors on each side of the pulpit came back to life and showed images of the countryside , images of the party flag waving in the wind , images of the lna soldiers marching down canal street , and finally images of andrees , sitting presidentially -- and paternally -- at the head of the table as the delegates developed the constitution of the new country .
ladies and gentlemen , my fellow citizens of louisiana , i took an oath to protect my country from all enemies foreign and domestic .
every trial will be a public wound for the country .
we are here to decide if our country can be saved .
i think that reminds us that conflict and fear has been a part of our country for over three centuries .
uncle claude wanted you to see those statements this afternoon , to see what your peers want for their country , and what they will do for their country .
uncle claude wanted you to see those statements this afternoon , to see what your peers want for their country , and what they will do for their country .
his plan was for you to look , to talk , to consider what will be required for our country to be saved .
since both generals were willing to die for their country , the general characterization seems appropriate .
make sure its someone who trusts you and will tell you what s what and who s who for whatever country you end up in .
do nt say i did nt tell you so after they take over the country .
the republican party has just about destroyed this country even though its only been around for what , thirty years , now ?
he believed it was the formers imperialism and the latters impotency that had created the country with the most addicts .
next to them are art galleries and buildings for countries such as germany , spain , canada , norway , costa rica , siam , east indies , haiti , sweden , and brazil .
for example , via your sage counsel , did you not help viktor the supreme become the most appreciated wirewalker the country has ever witnessed ?
if a former queen of the country can be beheaded , anyone can .
for any material that may be considered treasonable , atheistic , treacherous to the country , the church and its leader , queen elizabeth .
the countries of origin of the drinks sparked hectic political discussions , rounding off a remarkable few hours of dining table talk , the likes of which derek had never witnessed or been involved in before .
it is a household rule recognised throughout the world that when you mention the queen of nubia , you must go down on one knee , and i urge you to do so , sir , in the interests of maintaining the cordial relationship between our two countries - relationships that were successfully established while the queen has been a guest these last few days of her majesty at the royal court .
it was once the great tradition in my country , hundreds of years ago , rasa said evenly .
you betrayed your country !
he was sacrificing himself to save his prince , his army and maybe , his country .
you understand that you stand accused of treason and that the penalty for betraying your country is death ?
your excellency can not now be mistaken in the men nor their design ; i beseech you then , for the honor of our bleeding country , for the sake of suffering innocence and the cause of humanity , by the wounds of my husband and the blood of that murdered victim hyrum smith , to use prompt measures for our protection and the bringing to justice of those murderers .
our country needs a president , who ll clean the house and senate , of whigs and democrats and such , and prove he really meant it !
but win or lose , i purpose to change the face of politics in this country forever .
would to god that our citizens , one and all , would take the same stand as i , and we would then select officers for the good of the country , and not for the especial advancement of a faction .
webster opined that , whatever may be the merits or demerits of smiths religious fantasies , i find his political views to be spot on , and just the remedy that our country needs at this critical time .
my campaign for the presidency is taking fire across the length and breadth of this country !
i reject , with scorn and contempt , your black scratches and your baby lines in the fair records of this country !
he turned to face mcduffie again and continued , ... and when you have perpetrated it , go home to the people , and tell them what glorious honors you have achieved for our common country .
against the time this court decides otherwise , no negro slave is allowed to take the stand in this country .
while i had seen significantly more action , marco was eager to serve his country .
i was , briefly , in the same room with him and the shogun , a warlord who actually controls the country .
it is another preoccupation of mine to wonder what will become of this country , or these two countries now that we have , and what was in the hearts and minds of the men who decided to go down this path .
it is another preoccupation of mine to wonder what will become of this country , or these two countries now that we have , and what was in the hearts and minds of the men who decided to go down this path .
were too young a country to have spawned many great writers .
a good home is the birth right of every child in this free country .
this country has turned you into a cowering dominican .
or maybe the army was tied up in a war against whatever country the virus had come from .
they saw the internet as a way of getting to know how bad the country 's losses really were .
the main point of the speech said that since the rich capitalist countries were n't giving them all the food they had required , due to the severe drought they had suffered over the summer , they had come up with a plan to eliminate the rats and mice that were eating what small amounts of grain reserve they had left .
through all of this the army and national guard have been providing security around the countries vital infrastructure .
our research and development facilities are located in eighteen countries and are second to none in advanced bio - nanotech and genetic research .
bertrand mentioned that vitura is in eighteen countries , but those are nt its only locations .
due to its international presence in various non - treaty countries and its unconventional corporate structure , vitura pharmaceuticals operates outside any single countrys law .
were not fighting in the name of some religion and were not fighting to bring democracy to some third world country .
you re the president of the whole damn country .
strappado - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 strappado 394 the 278 and 192 a 190 of 114 to 110 his 104 in 91 he 69 was 52 kenshi 48 with 41 from 40 at 39 it 38 on 37 swayne 35 for 34 him 33 were 32 had 30 their 28 that 27 as 24 them 22 an 21 they 20 by 20 or 19 into 18 said 18 one 18 been 15 you 15 he 'd 15 this 15 all 14 no 13 her 13 like 13 there 12 van 12 man 12 up 12 black 12 kenshi 's 12 through 11 what 11 but 11 over 11 i 11 guzman 10 after 10 if 10 be 10 so 10 made 10 hotel 10 walther 10 iblis 10 out 9 hendrika 9 she 9 much 9 another 9 red 9 thought 9 did n't 9 when 9 door 9 around 8 white 8 would 8 rashid 8 few 8 off 8 about 8 face 8 not 7 near 7 more 7 such 7 men 7 three 7 then 7 yet 7 day 7 wore 7 fedor 6 who 6 plastic 6 its 6 group 6 back 6 andersen 6 went 6 your 6 left 6 music 6 american 6 world 6 is 6 old 6 open 6 blue 6 himself 6 which 6 these 5 even 5 job 5 go 5 away 5 came 5 do n't 5 new 5 again 5 only 5 none 5 air 5 too 5 edge 5 until 5 down 5 several 5 water 5 each 5 blond 5 ever 5 friend 5 cigarette 5 once 5 enough 5 noted 4 everyone 4 local 4 show 4 i ' m 4 could 4 hair 4 later 4 turn 4 under 4 smiled 4 narrow 4 would ' ve 4 regarding 4 come 4 next 4 company 4 some 4 guests 4 know 4 stood 4 lamps 4 got 4 began 4 viking 4 returned 4 lay 4 bit 4 bar 4 although 4 indian 4 during 4 darkness 4 breathed 4 caught 4 eyes 4 art 4 gathered 4 might 4 two 4 let 4 will 4 monastery 4 suit 4 blood 4 between 4 tour 4 laughed 4 called 4 found 4 while 4 floor 4 barrels 4 she 'd 4 along 4 before 3 me 3 farther 3 gone 3 people 3 wet 3 behind 3 streets 3 rather 3 bottles 3 who 'd 3 discoth 3 dream 3 shoot 3 never 3 dark 3 series 3 they 'd 3 little 3 was n't 3 those 3 say 3 neck 3 soon 3 end 3 shadows 3 voice 3 disco 3 welcome 3 any 3 look 3 explained 3 good 3 heard 3 vodka 3 last 3 against 3 certainly 3 i ' ve 3 why 3 course 3 seemed 3 other 3 discovered 3 walls 3 gravel 3 number 3 now 3 waited 3 how 3 far 3 realized 3 exhibition 3 dirt 3 closed 3 phone 3 ken 3 fellow 3 belly 3 perhaps 3 apartment 3 reunion 3 comprised 3 above 3 knew 3 thank 3 hell 3 trench 3 nothing 3 outside 3 business 3 vans 3 drink 3 pressed 3 shared 3 bulldozer 3 feet 3 drained 3 every 3 mouth 3 own 3 had n't 3 aside 3 japanese 3 relatively 3 are 3 long 3 took 3 second 3 it 's 3 half 3 close 3 light 3 still 3 very 3 que 3 curtains 3 deep 3 approached 3 similar 3 cloth 3 whiskey 3 reporter 3 others 3 here 3 put 3 appeared 3 within 3 dressed 3 because 3 shoulder 3 swayne 's 3 mumbai 3 hand 3 small 3 nearly 3 across 3 finally 3 night 3 five 3 club 3 side 3 shirt 3 town 3 short 3 head 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 installations 2 tables 2 ran 2 ear 2 breath 2 return 2 stone 2 photographer 2 heavily 2 drugs 2 arms 2 thigh 2 building 2 real 2 country 2 that 's 2 sight 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 locations 2 european 2 doing 2 get 2 mate 2 something 2 tiger 2 foreign 2 sporadic 2 area 2 machetes 2 extent 2 moss 2 represented 2 wine 2 drainage 2 patrons 2 assembled 2 many 2 fat 2 god 2 orange 2 disconnected 2 college 2 way 2 german 2 software 2 presented 2 cigarettes 2 alone 2 swept 2 modules 2 rules 2 possible 2 recurring 2 metal 2 poured 2 introduced 2 gave 2 preferred 2 we 2 than 2 living 2 suspected 2 they 're 2 chest 2 wave 2 kind 2 comfort 2 muggers 2 spaces 2 electric 2 actually 2 shed 2 awful 2 warehouse 2 colleagues 2 ceiling 2 authorities 2 weekend 2 most 2 rang 2 wall 2 fact 2 seen 2 meet 2 probably 2 paper 2 everywhere 2 make 2 big 2 snatched 2 hanging 2 property 2 squeezed 2 clothes 2 else 2 busy 2 foam 2 swamp 2 advertising 2 impending 2 wanted 2 soft 2 sex 2 well 2 news 2 ball 2 yeah 2 leaned 2 abandoned 2 road 2 form 2 being 2 possessed 2 various 2 bony 2 windows 2 wrists 2 walk 2 carried 2 bled 2 shot 2 kilometers 2 acknowledged 2 caused 2 suite 2 french 2 slacks 2 field 2 anonymous 2 forth 2 member 2 time 2 handsome 2 u 2 cell 2 international 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 interviews 2 days 2 curtain 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 porch 2 events 2 whilst 2 sitar 2 via 2 victrola 2 place 2 help 2 thin 2 cracked 2 choked 2 flesh 2 naked 2 eye 2 jungle 2 market 2 south 2 assistant 2 york 2 contact 2 promised 2 answered 2 utterly 2 doors 2 think 2 atop 2 tickled 2 line 2 need 2 does 2 difficult 2 wondered 2 trucks 2 tourists 2 rashid 's 2 pants 2 mostly 2 rental 2 lover 2 suits 2 buffet 2 pavilion 2 courts 2 have 2 erasing 2 whatever 2 grass 2 emotional 2 interior 2 float 2 static 2 pushed 2 grimly 2 spoke 2 arm 2 shirts 2 belts 2 guerilla 2 smoked 2 suburbs 2 cold 2 password 2 english 2 stared 2 guzman 's 2 lived 2 thick 2 antiquated 2 fucking 2 home 2 large 2 couple 2 hands 2 laughter 2 grand 2 my 2 history 2 legs 2 started 2 leg 2 emerged 2 forever 2 civilized 2 weight 2 find 2 site 2 shadow 2 breakfast 2 slav 2 tonight 2 knocked 2 firm 2 rain 2 i 'll 2 nonetheless 2 tight 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 strip 2 blanket 2 stopped 2 companions 2 sat 2 weeks 2 sun 2 six 2 remembered 2 free 2 dangled 2 clay 2 banyan 2 link 2 wedged 2 beer 2 public 2 entry 2 asshole 2 oddly 2 cameras 2 must 2 faces 2 since 2 swung 2 wooden 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 spare 2 wear 2 pale 2 native 2 covered 2 asked 2 empty 2 beneath 2 fashion 2 rushed 2 anywhere 2 protested 2 crowded 2 point 2 dread 2 dozen 2 inevitable 2 pause 2 paint 2 films 2 heavy 2 see 2 weather 2 general 2 bitter 2 acid 2 frenchmen 2 resultant 2 instant 2 glasses 2 years 2 bought 2 circular 2 openings 2 party 2 tennis 2 high 2 saw 2 scene 1 greeting 1 supplied 1 concludes 1 london 1 swiveled 1 married 1 eschew 1 inevitability 1 panaflex 1 clang 1 declared 1 corn 1 midair 1 expressions 1 verandas 1 steadily 1 going 1 gloves 1 wild 1 wealthy 1 k 1 lucid 1 bench 1 confab 1 flattened 1 project 1 estimate 1 sheets 1 swarm 1 death 1 loaded 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 flopped 1 invited 1 owned 1 stifled 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 miserable 1 cocooned 1 experimentation 1 pacified 1 ashamed 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 really 1 squatted 1 hacked 1 sweat - stained 1 thunderclouds 1 whom 1 tires 1 wash 1 obi 1 speculating 1 curiously 1 expose 1 rose 1 episode 1 heaped 1 forays 1 prohibition 1 bronzed 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 already 1 fetched 1 ghost 1 commented 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 vigorously 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 square 1 tightly 1 tap 1 envy 1 evening 1 devices 1 insiders 1 environments 1 plantations 1 virtue 1 personal 1 allegedly 1 malta 1 goggled 1 banker 1 trauma 1 table 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 exposure 1 trading 1 pulse 1 vast 1 lofty 1 villas 1 met 1 realizing 1 port 1 travelers 1 logical 1 blasted 1 translations 1 referred 1 polite 1 considering 1 gentleman 1 arrived 1 lid 1 laws 1 stamps 1 advertised 1 driven 1 cities 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 rushing 1 offered 1 shut 1 lest 1 alcove 1 precinct 1 motes 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 regular 1 abruptly 1 gothic 1 anxious 1 gnats 1 surviving 1 carpets 1 huge 1 tree 1 third 1 fog - shrouded 1 dumped 1 unsealed 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 clamped 1 strains 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 furrows 1 hot 1 retorts 1 elsewhere 1 absence 1 lilies 1 plain 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 vasilov 1 bazaar 1 smell 1 distorted 1 birmingham 1 want 1 lemon 1 experiences 1 christian 1 large - scale 1 bath 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 sheet 1 exist 1 siblings 1 right 1 necessary 1 charming 1 conditioning 1 humming 1 proscribed 1 card 1 sick 1 measures 1 creepers 1 four 1 alchemy 1 staggered 1 day - glo 1 halftracks 1 fringes 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 entire 1 artists 1 tools 1 conversations 1 surreptitious 1 purchased 1 luck 1 mercifully 1 imperial 1 listened 1 paneled 1 tie 1 sea 1 scandalized 1 coils 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 blocking 1 elite 1 yesterday 1 advance 1 viewings 1 silent 1 snaked 1 trapped 1 argentinean 1 exclaimed 1 bangalore 1 recoil 1 popped 1 terraced 1 hard - bitten 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 elderly 1 bollywood 1 exact 1 self - loathing 1 wry 1 collegiate 1 gorge 1 remaining 1 crap 1 imported 1 investment 1 dreaming 1 quick 1 illnesses 1 bloody 1 dilapidated 1 terrace 1 nina 1 running 1 nervous 1 apprehension 1 dewlapped 1 models 1 refused 1 questions 1 hire 1 beyond 1 illegible 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 relations 1 pit 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 canada 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 months 1 shaken 1 kept 1 dear 1 rotting 1 handshakes 1 past 1 condos 1 passed 1 backside 1 swished 1 timidity 1 kerosene 1 balcony 1 modernized 1 guides 1 doorman 1 britain 1 shit 1 privately 1 conversation 1 sighs 1 misgivings 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 determined 1 ploughed 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 enormous 1 goes 1 notice 1 hookah 1 motion 1 tourism 1 confines 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 forgotten 1 designers - fran 1 bed 1 urine 1 homeless 1 respective 1 coddling 1 neatly 1 great 1 scarcely 1 europeans 1 sullen 1 walled 1 pictures 1 butt 1 envelope 1 violates 1 follow 1 effort 1 continued 1 timbuktu 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 grates 1 zero 1 image 1 copy 1 countrymen 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 friday 1 jean 1 ignored 1 supple 1 palpably 1 unease 1 viking 's 1 droves 1 regret 1 roamed 1 interested 1 corrosive 1 lime 1 congregated 1 gozo 1 pissing 1 someone 1 sure 1 foreigners 1 soundlessly 1 onto 1 whole 1 phones 1 guru 1 dorm 1 rattled 1 delhi 1 michelle 1 nose 1 breasts 1 glumly 1 screamed 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 lying 1 trembled 1 rubbed 1 intertwined 1 convoluted 1 occasional 1 dissolution 1 ultimately 1 quickening 1 s 1 grimy 1 pleasant 1 disconsolate 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 acid - filled 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 beat 1 snow - cool 1 cap 1 soot 1 co - host 1 barriers 1 flicked 1 comptroller 1 did 1 bugs 1 chalk - faced 1 evening 's 1 immensity 1 announced 1 erections 1 businessman 1 endeavor 1 ripe 1 mini 1 sweet 1 prepping 1 fence 1 parked 1 waist 1 wallet 1 slender 1 rust 1 hat 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 blizzard 1 reedy 1 there 's 1 village 1 sounds 1 dappled 1 wheeled 1 unplugged 1 gangs 1 neither 1 survived 1 part 1 where 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 braced 1 lifetime 1 bellicose 1 upon 1 plates 1 stayed 1 employer 1 resumed 1 rim 1 folklore 1 basket 1 patrolled 1 sloppy 1 buddhists 1 stripes 1 placate 1 locals 1 ached 1 enthused 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 adjoined 1 seven 1 pasture 1 jerk 's 1 bioluminescent 1 west 1 museum 1 pipe 1 shriveled 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 registered 1 rub 1 flat 1 elbow 1 compatriots 1 unzipped 1 vendor 1 calamity 1 fly 1 less 1 talker 1 casually 1 dance 1 ink 1 tasted 1 accent 1 creaked 1 skull 1 lukewarm 1 stuck 1 identity 1 roaring 1 devil 1 almost 1 fbi 1 bellowing 1 deserted 1 contacts 1 toward 1 yeah - good 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 eminent 1 washed 1 obliviously 1 fluorescent 1 science 1 mr 1 crowd 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 slashed 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 passing 1 odor 1 choose 1 tensions 1 teardrop 1 grew 1 displayed 1 mumbled 1 fabric 1 scorched 1 robes 1 film 1 mist 1 handed 1 impression 1 liquor 1 spot - a 1 ahead 1 non 1 glass 1 location 1 indians 1 playing 1 resisted 1 label 1 forced 1 inside 1 likely 1 shorter 1 barely 1 cluttered 1 settled 1 rings 1 satellite 1 floodlights 1 drinks 1 remove 1 pursuit 1 docile 1 scattering 1 whooping 1 mind 1 offing 1 lag 1 award 1 import 1 sleek 1 alley 1 carpet 1 noose 1 crushingly 1 accented 1 paved 1 lower 1 accounts 1 edifice 1 branding 1 some - thing 1 dashing 1 wingtip 1 paintings 1 scummy 1 harris 1 sender 1 electrified 1 muttered 1 stage - whispered 1 worthy 1 oxford 1 except 1 hand - scrawled 1 crackled 1 casino 1 faux 1 wankers 1 oise 1 honeydew 1 deposited 1 entered 1 curry 1 sweltering 1 hung 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 shamelessly 1 eclectic 1 thrill 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 breaker 1 exit 1 consultant 1 culture 1 kilroy 1 bathhouses 1 guide 1 blared 1 speakers 1 abutted 1 dissolving 1 humiliating 1 elusiveness 1 dishes 1 broken 1 reports 1 pimp 1 doctors 1 desolate 1 harbor 1 polished 1 concentrated 1 sharp 1 alleys 1 gaped 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 followed 1 strange 1 borrowed 1 development - perhaps 1 quasi - political 1 trek 1 meant 1 straight 1 santa 1 complexion 1 sandaled 1 grata 1 swilled 1 farewells 1 subdued 1 walkways 1 executive 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lie 1 flights 1 chief 1 derived 1 keening 1 july 1 possibly 1 funeral 1 may 1 presently 1 different 1 displays 1 functional 1 demarcated 1 casinos 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 forearm 1 extraordinary 1 candle 1 tigers 1 blocks 1 crying 1 blimp 1 corridor 1 cabs 1 opium 1 hard 1 styling 1 brilliantly 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 flickering 1 sundry 1 vied 1 swimmer 1 toppled 1 managed 1 fag 1 rubbish 1 exploded 1 haunches 1 surmounted 1 scouting 1 scale 1 heels 1 clumps 1 inveterate 1 tape 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 pigs ' 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 picasso 1 also 1 distribution 1 sheds 1 aboard 1 heritage 1 erosion 1 outright 1 albeit 1 golden 1 brows 1 galleries 1 adversity 1 estates 1 exhaustion 1 standing 1 cut 1 lent 1 evidence 1 participant 's 1 palestinian 1 1970s 1 vaulted 1 dialed 1 plains 1 chambers 1 rural 1 scratchy 1 camera 1 illuminate 1 safer 1 royalty 1 fingered 1 overwhelmed 1 transplantation 1 posed 1 estimation 1 chuckled 1 played 1 seawalls 1 guess 1 cream - colored 1 ancient 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 amsterdam 1 decades 1 north 1 chick - ens 1 chamber 1 slices 1 tripod - mounted 1 dubious 1 suite 's 1 afraid 1 photographed 1 weathergirl 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 coupling 1 accustomed 1 ascend 1 coiled 1 tossed 1 smiles 1 filled 1 dying 1 string 1 turned 1 happier 1 auction 1 consented 1 edged 1 politely 1 sacks 1 tin 1 developers 1 rudimentary 1 outskirts 1 boxes 1 pushing 1 throat 1 guys 1 loosened 1 netherlander 1 shooting 1 words 1 violations 1 alongside 1 shallow 1 mahogany 1 citizen 1 ditches 1 agonizing 1 sapporo 1 panels 1 box 1 hired 1 pine 1 shiny 1 distant 1 charge 1 boleros 1 christmas 1 columns 1 ice 1 cutthroats 1 chin 1 spent 1 scars 1 idiot 1 magic 1 rail 1 gift 1 issued 1 accompany 1 partying 1 discarding 1 chickens 1 nearby 1 miasma 1 grinned 1 particularly 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 backs 1 pop 1 cowardice 1 trying 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 reinforced 1 major 1 obscured 1 disembodied 1 idly 1 bastard 1 drifting 1 infamous 1 intensified 1 vigor 1 adventurer 1 massed 1 serve 1 cock 1 stumbling 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 previous 1 slack 1 imagine 1 seal 1 board 1 panama 1 land 1 lights 1 automatons 1 elbows 1 lots 1 stupor 1 seventeenth - century 1 girth 1 upright 1 insignia 1 trigger 1 worked 1 ladies 1 ended 1 picking 1 demeanor 1 crepes 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 regardless 1 snappy 1 winos 1 stretch 1 blushed 1 vomit 1 western 1 rendezvous 1 slums 1 pairs 1 certain 1 barrel 1 occur 1 mosquito 1 bunch 1 lascivious 1 directly 1 amount 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 slides 1 police 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 told 1 flown 1 galoshes 1 kliegs 1 occasionally 1 gold - red 1 cloaked 1 absurdity 1 genuinely 1 intervals 1 swiping 1 heads 1 manors 1 inland 1 jet 1 taught 1 emaciation 1 smiling 1 expanse 1 libelous 1 grandparents 1 drums 1 meanwhile 1 settlement 1 yourself 1 fugue 1 iron - hot - affair 1 stroked 1 tapped 1 city 1 testicles 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 buffoon 1 hated 1 kissed 1 curled 1 crooked 1 infrastructure 1 antiquity 1 ankles 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 liaison 1 house 1 houses 1 earth 1 disintegrating 1 denial 1 boyfriend 1 young 1 thankful 1 center 1 slipped 1 sconces 1 physical 1 gel 1 glitzy 1 arrange 1 relentless 1 sickly 1 melody 1 prefabricated 1 hazardous 1 power 1 lighted 1 code 1 reception 1 sneered 1 claim 1 tears 1 raul 1 cornice 1 girl 1 british 1 exotic 1 swarms 1 plopped 1 swiftly 1 unworthiness 1 systems 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 welcomed 1 well - heeled 1 submit 1 flaccidity 1 let 's 1 siamese 1 unless 1 alight 1 content 1 hours 1 canvas 1 designer 1 buses 1 wood 1 ashtrays 1 anyway 1 whoever 1 below 1 sentiment 1 romance 1 cantina 1 ministry 1 speak 1 temporary 1 equally 1 recreational 1 clue 1 layers 1 warned 1 painted 1 mock 1 waving 1 sagging 1 call 1 gingerly 1 filed 1 escort 1 items 1 syncopation 1 whomever 1 high - rise 1 significant 1 extended 1 scofflaw 1 volunteered 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 bathhouse 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 splash 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 severed 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 arrive 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 war 1 spanish 1 arrival 1 atlantic 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 sculptures 1 leeched 1 producer 1 beast 1 amongst 1 predicted 1 guttered 1 oh 1 joint 1 hatefully 1 language 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 wordlessly 1 colonial 1 hydrochloric 1 misshapen 1 promotion 1 directions 1 recording 1 earshot 1 extraordinarily 1 assured 1 lifting 1 circulated 1 main 1 morning 1 pumped 1 cross - fire 1 reminded 1 fizzed 1 mercy 1 grumbling 1 drive 1 effects 1 crumbling 1 deep - sea 1 arch 1 opening 1 rubber 1 autumn 1 marble 1 life 1 moment 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 drably 1 orbit 1 bombing 1 minsk 1 model 1 tenth - floor 1 lasted 1 terrible 1 avenue 1 fractious 1 spotted 1 addition 1 jocularity 1 cattle 1 subterranean 1 sky 1 beginning 1 heat 1 brass 1 rifles 1 italian 1 similarly 1 plucking 1 ignore 1 map 1 half - concealed 1 dreamed 1 everglades 1 faintly 1 dull 1 case 1 eerie 1 obscenity 1 seam 1 frequencies 1 bucket 1 ago 1 hindu - flavored 1 suzuki 1 slip 1 fearless 1 machete 1 labyrinthine 1 together 1 crossbones 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 photo 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 dreary 1 compartmentalized 1 handful 1 yards 1 continent 1 purple 1 spooky 1 sensation 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 understood 1 introductions 1 happened 1 impact 1 thoughts 1 brutally 1 conglomerate 1 commonplace 1 random 1 mexico 1 viet 1 raising 1 oil 1 everybody 1 twos 1 contents 1 butts 1 barbarian 1 vine 1 broads 1 smuggled 1 opened 1 signs 1 speaker 1 collection 1 smothered 1 hotels 1 burgeoning 1 cia 1 provided 1 clothed 1 baroque 1 proceed 1 belt 1 sidewalk 1 violent 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 types 1 disk 1 accepting 1 abroad 1 spine 1 credit 1 balaclavas 1 cheerfully 1 breeze 1 become 1 expect 1 louder 1 awake 1 smartly 1 recognition 1 pleased 1 nightclubbing 1 swing 1 driver 1 chose 1 scant 1 feature 1 hollow 1 cranked 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 thinking 1 nervously 1 stifle 1 heart 1 restaurants 1 talked 1 concession 1 vicious 1 bribe 1 acquaintance 1 love 1 wishing 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 lobby 1 work 1 scarred 1 stories 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 lock 1 commerce 's 1 unto 1 tolerance 1 shrill 1 service 1 exceedingly 1 feeling 1 re - creating 1 unconsciousness 1 thanks 1 peeled 1 silence 1 fords 1 cruises 1 attention 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 blood - warm 1 tropical 1 countries 1 exile 1 discover 1 stock 1 melancholy 1 finished 1 semen 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 sarongs 1 hidden 1 block 1 however 1 naturalized 1 sly 1 exertions 1 crushed 1 brief 1 nausea 1 outlined 1 year 1 usa 1 ashtray 1 embarrassment 1 booze - drenched 1 we ' ve 1 sniping 1 considered 1 balaclava 1 borne 1 moist 1 fore 1 screeching 1 witness 1 gangway 1 pears 1 subset 1 trees 1 nights 1 consulate 1 indulgently 1 heel 1 mosaic 1 limey 1 infected 1 command 1 skin 1 flawless 1 smithee 1 seeped 1 nice 1 strappado 1 cultivated 1 unexpected 1 pairings 1 became 1 dry 1 sniffing 1 popular 1 whispery 1 exactly 1 hey 1 septic 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 smashed 1 sluiced 1 epitome 1 eh 1 dress 1 doubtful 1 wilderness 1 not - happening 1 preferably 1 deeply 1 retired 1 storage 1 slick 1 debauchers 1 cloying 1 ring 1 steam 1 freshly 1 satisfaction 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 belligerently 1 instructed 1 retracted 1 waxed 1 quantity 1 connecticut 1 cars 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 gardening 1 whirlwind 1 frames 1 hirsute 1 quality 1 passport 1 tips 1 vision 1 thus 1 daily 1 brushing 1 conjecture 1 profoundly 1 one - time 1 bright 1 summer 1 roman 1 laden 1 hold 1 rotating 1 felt 1 same 1 named 1 nightclub 1 rich 1 nabobs 1 sarcasm 1 explanation 1 hour 1 sent 1 occupied 1 droplets 1 additions 1 rumor 1 clanged 1 den 1 lark 1 smelled 1 mauling 1 broke 1 chain 1 bangkok 1 netting 1 white - bread 1 space 1 lives 1 recriminations 1 hollywood 1 passage 1 slid 1 explosions 1 arrested 1 macabre 1 luis 1 chocolate 1 wharfs 1 influenced 1 ruts 1 inducted 1 reeked 1 thunderously 1 assuredly 1 surf 1 slideshow 1 piles 1 visited 1 pulls 1 supine 1 slapping 1 fully 1 lavish 1 children 1 stroll 1 turbans 1 huddle 1 reflected 1 body 1 garbed 1 darwin 1 titillating 1 style 1 vines 1 companies 1 eardrum - shattering 1 hole 1 single 1 drew 1 pocket 1 mildly 1 faded 1 shoes 1 persona 1 pulled 1 lockers 1 howl 1 sale 1 crates 1 segued 1 intact 1 ushered 1 interpol 1 chewing 1 lethargic 1 always 1 donated 1 banded 1 fro 1 alive 1 insulating 1 bloated 1 sulu 1 lifeblood 1 contingent 1 strolled 1 alan 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 echoed 1 taxi 1 how 'd 1 acutely 1 quarter - mile 1 pools 1 track 1 dreams 1 trip 1 dizziness 1 methodically 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 travel 1 bank 1 collection - estate 1 untucked 1 youth 1 garden 1 perfectly 1 enlisting 1 knees 1 coterie 1 done 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 stench 1 idea 1 corner 1 sallow 1 acclimated 1 cocktail 1 confided 1 hillsides 1 slightly 1 equal 1 slaughter 1 awaited 1 fishily 1 techno 1 englishman 1 marauding 1 exaggerated 1 glitter 1 story 1 nightmare 1 press 1 tarps 1 swallowed 1 capsized 1 laboring 1 argue 1 coast 1 uneven 1 pond 1 hangovers 1 quickly 1 otherwise 1 terminal 1 promises 1 gloom 1 scratched 1 could n't 1 darkened 1 yes 1 secure 1 marathon 1 daylight 1 boor 1 perimeter 1 mildest 1 tourist 1 cyclopean 1 gunny 1 randomly 1 fragments 1 crisp 1 cocktails 1 glowed 1 misgiving 1 travels 1 looming 1 womb 1 calmness 1 neglect 1 unauthorized 1 confiscated 1 forthcoming 1 swimmingly 1 tremor 1 junkets 1 seniors 1 familiar 1 humidity 1 cried 1 blazer 1 blocks - the 1 trap 1 appeasing 1 avoiding 1 pull 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 shuffle 1 lungs 1 marshes 1 instead 1 drank 1 vase 1 florid 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 sunk 1 crucified 1 limes 1 low 1 held 1 baggy 1 take 1 hangover 1 tapping 1 ivory 1 developed 1 minute 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 elegant 1 volunteers 1 westerners 1 claude 1 formal 1 stems 1 tri - headed 1 circumstances 1 kolkata 1 fell 1 surrounded 1 cursed 1 killed 1 brazen 1 window 1 starless 1 persistent 1 champagne 1 owners 1 jap 1 scattered 1 prospect 1 obstreperous 1 present 1 funneled 1 headed 1 preserve 1 drove 1 recorders 1 ate 1 stem 1 copies 1 eyeless 1 exhibit 1 designated 1 health 1 drown 1 discarded 1 tried 1 shops 1 walked 1 comparing 1 enjoy 1 gradually 1 grimaces 1 lagoon 1 bourbon 1 subsided 1 attired 1 ramp 1 gently 1 projected 1 accident 1 sampler 1 snarled 1 tell 1 leave 1 meager 1 stage 1 earnestly 1 appointed 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 congruently 1 fired 1 delirium 1 sneaked 1 expense 1 affair 1 shepherded 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 lines 1 translucent 1 gold 1 looking 1 coonskin 1 melt 1 victor 1 chance 1 favored 1 impediment - he 1 commenced 1 glue 1 name 1 scout 1 learn 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 skip 1 gelled 1 confinement 1 pens 1 anything 1 group 's 1 burn 1 pseudonym 1 cream 1 us 1 emotions 1 brought 1 threaded 1 avoided 1 exhibits 1 homeland 1 buttock 1 elbow - length 1 touching 1 ridge 1 underground 1 stupid 1 remained 1 times 1 past- 1 be - hind 1 success 1 team 1 noises 1 appearance 1 venues 1 picture 1 tokyo 1 chopping 927 .
the royal zoo is closed - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the royal zoo is closed 309 the 182 a 143 and 108 of 83 in 70 he 70 to 64 was 47 his 45 sweeney 44 it 39 on 33 as 28 with 23 were 23 that 22 or 22 from 22 at 20 for 19 an 19 into 17 no 17 i 16 had 15 by 14 its 14 their 14 not 13 you 13 they 12 if 12 so 12 like 11 him 11 man 11 there 10 what 10 too 10 is 10 one 9 me 9 last 9 why 9 but 9 mass 9 them 9 through 8 she 8 was n't 8 just 8 be 8 off 7 i ' m 7 her 7 up 7 do 7 take 7 read 7 out 6 can 6 who 6 you 're 6 this 6 some 6 how 6 nothing 6 graffiti 6 said 6 it 's 6 did n't 6 when 6 could n't 6 across 5 people 5 even 5 would 5 right 5 sometimes 5 good 5 made 5 until 5 all 5 black 5 every 5 mouth 5 about 5 stared 5 here 5 always 5 these 5 enough 4 going 4 set 4 could 4 want 4 thumbprint 4 never 4 wearing 4 way 4 under 4 confucius 4 whole 4 went 4 your 4 did 4 much 4 only 4 paper 4 big 4 know 4 other 4 another 4 wanted 4 well 4 world 4 would n't 4 think 4 old 4 morning 4 dead 4 maybe 4 trees 4 then 4 thought 4 hand 4 see 4 modern 3 already 3 get 3 something 3 he 'd 3 racist 3 past 3 gave 3 after 3 any 3 wall 3 where 3 bus 3 make 3 uh 3 ones 3 seemed 3 office 3 yeah 3 meant 3 being 3 clicked 3 over 3 got 3 shot 3 time 3 human 3 closed 3 days 3 mean 3 began 3 shortcake 3 hell 3 city 3 everything 3 pants 3 have 3 dog 3 life 3 sky 3 places 3 down 3 own 3 lived 3 face 3 home 3 might 3 water 3 shadow 3 light 3 blood 3 yet 3 between 3 though 3 day 3 since 3 harem 3 mother 3 background 3 small 3 once 3 either 3 tried 3 stalled 3 around 3 first 2 opera 2 hats 2 everyone 2 resembled 2 matter 2 trenches 2 p 2 better 2 square 2 doc 2 table 2 country 2 job 2 white 2 briefcase 2 that 's 2 go 2 universe 2 thunder 2 tiger 2 age 2 sweeney 's 2 bottles 2 hope 2 today 2 pigeons 2 fire 2 hungry 2 wine 2 shoot 2 fat 2 coffee 2 lips 2 neighbor 2 bloody 2 little 2 mailboxes 2 those 2 away 2 dirty 2 metal 2 poured 2 shit 2 mouths 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 ocean 2 bed 2 neck 2 than 2 schizophrenic 2 symbol 2 piece 2 image 2 impotent 2 back 2 came 2 someone 2 do n't 2 new 2 send 2 s 2 money 2 more 2 stop 2 information 2 there 's 2 horn 2 doctor 2 upon 2 west 2 come 2 next 2 homicide 2 everywhere 2 eat 2 cat 2 against 2 flickered 2 inside 2 mind 2 except 2 quit 2 nobody 2 holes 2 carved 2 fremont 2 air 2 give 2 may 2 hall 2 different 2 jesus 2 now 2 retreated 2 far 2 makes 2 sound 2 coat 2 golden 2 crowds 2 chasm 2 such 2 guess 2 ancient 2 afraid 2 teeth 2 cry 2 has 2 dying 2 buddy 2 hotel 2 shovel 2 apple 2 events 2 fastened 2 clouds 2 searching 2 moved 2 apartment 2 shouted 2 professional 2 things 2 few 2 should 2 waiting 2 doors 2 cup 2 car 2 fingers 2 wrote 2 below 2 call 2 open 2 here 's 2 pressed 2 flog 2 alexander 2 war 2 bowl 2 cage 2 happening 2 moment 2 eyes 2 beginning 2 fires 2 hawking 2 crack 2 cold 2 had n't 2 thoughts 2 getting 2 prescription 2 gazed 2 burned 2 shrink 2 several 2 heart 2 legs 2 three 2 two 2 silence 2 each 2 screw 2 plot 2 full 2 cipher 2 however 2 considered 2 still 2 will 2 zoo 2 cause 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 moon 2 problem 2 bomb 2 sun 2 remembered 2 plum 2 free 2 hour 2 royal 2 space 2 book 2 hollywood 2 looked 2 children 2 ever 2 appeared 2 lost 2 maggy 2 wear 2 o ' 2 dollars 2 pioneer 2 guy 2 true 2 ground 2 which 2 found 2 nearly 2 cigarette 2 window 2 floor 2 ate 2 walked 2 tell 2 cockney 2 stage 2 elephants 2 street 2 been 2 name 2 door 2 buried 2 courtesy 2 glasses 2 head 2 she 'd 2 brought 2 thing 2 along 2 drop 2 stupid 2 live 1 bedrock 1 pings 1 gray 1 twenty 1 hominids 1 fuck 1 strip - mall 1 cerebrum 1 mural 1 bullhorns 1 death 1 booth 1 lies 1 loaded 1 recollected 1 blinds 1 gone 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 obey 1 stoplights 1 penalty 1 failed 1 local 1 theologians 1 fish 1 texans 1 truck 1 adders 1 suspicion 1 skateboard 1 hive 1 show 1 sufficient 1 abiding 1 breath 1 icbms 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 stigmata 1 drunk 1 artless 1 bronzed 1 matted 1 excess 1 cracks 1 commented 1 veteran 1 drugs 1 arms 1 degenerate 1 building 1 vernacular 1 waitress 1 banker 1 happy 1 green 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 feasting 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 b 1 paralyzed 1 brim 1 vast 1 bulldozing 1 nosebleeds 1 fridge 1 escalators 1 pious 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 expression 1 wonder 1 saint 1 invented 1 learning 1 cabinet 1 sleep 1 bedrooms 1 drifted 1 both 1 sailor 1 overcome 1 transit 1 concrete 1 sloshed 1 drinking 1 couch 1 transients 1 wet 1 scribed 1 hail 1 tv 1 candles 1 third 1 premature 1 casting 1 leviathans 1 shock 1 pigeon 1 spray 1 occasion 1 afford 1 bottom 1 mortar 1 approach 1 hot 1 incidentally 1 eighteenth 1 scotch 1 safehouse 1 foreign 1 district 1 bleeding 1 sock 1 underdog 1 dens 1 late 1 foot 1 plan 1 tak 1 yolk 1 shudder 1 worker 1 pat 1 coda 1 exist 1 transformed 1 groan 1 socrates 1 necessary 1 sport 1 natural 1 pot 1 humming 1 fix 1 card 1 espresso 1 alchemy 1 cult 1 dawn 1 galactic 1 whispering 1 primordial 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 artists 1 represented 1 plastic 1 perched 1 inherit 1 splattered 1 striding 1 hair 1 aircraft 1 sea 1 tie 1 hill 1 freeway 1 stalin 1 disjointed 1 polyphemus 1 dimness 1 noriega 1 tuned 1 turban 1 near 1 five - mile 1 he 's 1 trapped 1 action 1 polar 1 woke 1 many 1 slave 1 buxom 1 god 1 gravity 1 church 1 massacre 1 ejaculations 1 stolen 1 college 1 watching 1 shelter 1 gravy 1 wrong 1 hiss - boom - bah 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 dark 1 janitors 1 implications 1 crap 1 dirt - blacked 1 german 1 seized 1 tints 1 inspiration 1 shelling 1 fast 1 instinct 1 empathy 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ballsy 1 norma 1 ripped 1 telepathically 1 doozies 1 emaciated 1 cigarettes 1 puzzled 1 bristled 1 callous 1 neighborhoods 1 riding 1 funnels 1 syllable 1 they 'd 1 switch 1 pathos 1 j 1 knights 1 metaphysical 1 horn - rim 1 filament 1 revved 1 say 1 underdone 1 brick 1 pit 1 freaking 1 tragically 1 imprezio 1 diner 1 barn 1 kept 1 pancakes 1 length 1 woodwork 1 collective 1 understand 1 whirled 1 split 1 biological 1 passed 1 monologue 1 anxiety 1 blats 1 canvases 1 bug 1 conversation 1 apothegm 1 button 1 speculated 1 bangs 1 99 1 dusty 1 touring 1 goes 1 we 1 buildings 1 itzhak 1 bas - relief 1 testosterone - aggravated 1 dropping 1 g - string 1 soon 1 wipe 1 end 1 homeless 1 scavenging 1 limestone 1 purely 1 neatly 1 great 1 independence 1 stomachs 1 particular 1 without 1 jeff 1 pictures 1 department 1 wristwatches 1 11 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 zero 1 cells 1 ankle 1 nebula 1 chasing 1 perceive 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 jean 1 supple 1 vanity 1 cops ' 1 five - star 1 beehive 1 lenin 1 irrational 1 india 1 1788 1 d 1 stumbled 1 struggled 1 chest 1 esteemed 1 vatican 1 theological 1 child 1 comfort 1 foreigners 1 grown 1 organizations 1 pretty 1 thud 1 ammonia 1 innocent 1 bentov 1 nose 1 tripped 1 wide 1 finger 1 screamed 1 delusional 1 start 1 spattered 1 supernumerary 1 leftist 1 actually 1 sweated 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 fireman 1 obeying 1 pleasant 1 plaster 1 hiss 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 exodus 1 cap 1 diabolical 1 asteroids 1 rebuff 1 blown 1 madness 1 rats 1 peanut 1 vesuvius 1 detritus 1 bugs 1 hoof 1 sake 1 salon 1 soldiers 1 prey 1 ted 1 patterns 1 argot 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 hoping 1 palatable 1 most 1 writers 1 roof 1 look 1 passenger 1 hometown 1 desert 1 flocks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 topple 1 kin 1 windmilling 1 ducked 1 gelded 1 yawned 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 smashup 1 76 1 bandits 1 left 1 fact 1 seen 1 shifted 1 refer 1 vowed 1 noisy 1 sweep 1 means 1 garbage 1 utilitarian 1 thoroughly 1 recall 1 underrepresented 1 armed 1 crush 1 coffin 1 screen 1 cherub 1 atom 1 probably 1 postscript 1 slime 1 plenty 1 maze 1 fixated 1 swaggart 1 disgorged 1 fly 1 dignity 1 gum 1 less 1 vodka 1 decided 1 lovingly 1 cargo 1 skull 1 stuck 1 crashing 1 lately 1 sunrise 1 instruments 1 teeming 1 deserted 1 trey 1 circle 1 died 1 crucifix 1 science 1 mr 1 slashed 1 churches 1 worry 1 scraped 1 grew 1 millennial 1 mob 1 fizzled 1 committee 1 stretcher 1 calcified 1 whale 1 glass 1 relegated 1 wax 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 habit 1 excavated 1 chronicles 1 engine 1 hiding 1 appraising 1 brush 1 focus 1 scratch 1 begin 1 geologically 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 superstructures 1 likely 1 peeping 1 sighed 1 political 1 somebody 1 steady 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 valleys 1 i ' ve 1 france 1 salvo 1 ditch 1 escape 1 genuflect 1 handball 1 brave 1 pregnant 1 ellipses 1 sleek 1 confuses 1 manual 1 sigh 1 demolished 1 carpet 1 lovecraft 's 1 twitching 1 turnout 1 makeshift 1 follows 1 design 1 worried 1 american 1 slit 1 olives 1 wingtip 1 planted 1 occurred 1 muttered 1 parents 1 caroming 1 term 1 ash 1 university 1 what 's 1 quarantined 1 trickling 1 fueled 1 phosphorescent 1 flightless 1 chords 1 entered 1 immunized 1 discovered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 teams 1 hung 1 soft 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 kilroy 1 blared 1 washington 1 have n't 1 earnest 1 inscrutable 1 worse 1 lone 1 suckers 1 genocide 1 doctors 1 critics 1 so - called 1 muzzle 1 arizona 1 row 1 beheld 1 rippling 1 prances 1 sheaves 1 none 1 pool 1 napkins 1 is n't 1 scales 1 erratic 1 trolling 1 insurance 1 all - star 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 marker 1 early 1 fig 1 murder 1 trade 1 hurry 1 form 1 telescopically 1 morris 1 vanished 1 ribs 1 ca nt 1 continental 1 automatic 1 impatiently 1 overwhelming 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 walls 1 floe 1 hurried 1 consensus 1 tigers 1 ah 1 steeples 1 veins 1 impulse 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 dali 's 1 weekday 1 faults 1 peyote 1 universal 1 waited 1 recitation 1 best 1 paradigms 1 korean 1 aloud 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 psychotic 1 tattoos 1 biblically 1 animals 1 cortex 1 also 1 bled 1 asphalt 1 folded 1 quest 1 aboard 1 shacking 1 satchels 1 thunderheads 1 hunkered 1 albeit 1 coach 1 seahawks 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 assume 1 galleries 1 strung 1 paw 1 parameters 1 receive 1 slammed 1 starters 1 baseball 1 cut 1 papers 1 welles 1 precisely 1 easy 1 coming 1 tortoise 1 broom 1 join 1 ruined 1 authentic 1 plains 1 packed 1 likes 1 rolling 1 camera 1 safer 1 arches 1 page 1 sam 1 socket 1 estimation 1 shape 1 compulsion 1 example 1 amsterdam 1 mrs 1 north 1 violins 1 computer 1 staccato 1 convulsive 1 coagulated 1 rorschach - eats - escher 1 christ 1 high - strung 1 abyss 1 shortly 1 physicist 1 you 'll 1 spark 1 u 1 chinese 1 bulls 1 breached 1 avarice 1 imperative 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 quavered 1 globe 1 showed 1 filled 1 string 1 rustled 1 upstream 1 attraction 1 grunted 1 seabeds 1 suddenly 1 bottle 1 pakistan 1 poets 1 production 1 boiled 1 michelangelo 1 outskirts 1 flower 1 anguish 1 frown 1 throat 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 week 1 despite 1 curtain 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 israel 1 korea 1 shiny 1 alien 1 stingers 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 grabbed 1 submarine 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 ice 1 columns 1 pointed 1 chin 1 message 1 belly 1 encyclopedic 1 spent 1 magic 1 softly 1 chickens 1 taste 1 returned 1 carrier 1 portuguese 1 perhaps 1 greasy 1 gabe 1 loop - de - loops 1 self - limiting 1 trying 1 gives 1 above 1 help 1 consciousness 1 noise 1 cruel 1 wobbly 1 facts 1 obviously 1 rags 1 authoritarian 1 seal 1 studied 1 figures 1 cracked 1 lights 1 nonexistent 1 curses 1 bit 1 grasp 1 birds 1 urban 1 knew 1 swig 1 trigger 1 sure - enough 1 flounder 1 laundry 1 snakes 1 nature 1 mayfly 1 eye 1 market 1 fight 1 colossal 1 sculptors 1 blue - haired 1 mitts 1 swam 1 vomited 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 certain 1 elicits 1 barrel 1 amount 1 china 1 police 1 swooned 1 told 1 celebrity 1 blowing 1 prophecies 1 famous 1 promised 1 intervals 1 gondwanaland 1 trickled 1 indoor - outdoor 1 fine 1 heads 1 pol 1 caverns 1 chick 1 entr'acte 1 hide 1 smiling 1 w 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 thieves 1 watch 1 properly 1 presses 1 paragraphs 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 glyphs 1 empire 1 hip 1 known 1 atop 1 shotgunned 1 disaffected 1 reformed 1 unyoked 1 positively 1 squalid 1 teepee 1 ho - hum 1 curled 1 bullied 1 grief 1 palpitations 1 rituals 1 laurasia 1 salad 1 digital 1 stunned 1 house 1 sports 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 amounted 1 earth 1 outside 1 center 1 glitzy 1 knowing 1 pundits 1 print 1 breadth 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 lighted 1 calculus 1 glimpsed 1 substance 1 although 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 girl 1 wondered 1 lance 1 prestidigitation 1 heavies 1 humanity 1 agreed - upon 1 quickest 1 speaking 1 red 1 practically 1 unlaced 1 infrequent 1 might ' ve 1 apologetically 1 zen 1 ants 1 unless 1 ablaze 1 timid 1 kick 1 orchestra 1 mostly 1 slogans 1 hours 1 canvas 1 crevices 1 jacks 1 wavering 1 supercollider 1 anyway 1 proliferated 1 frozen 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 speak 1 darkness 1 cymbal 1 sad 1 gorillas 1 warned 1 tick 1 adam 's 1 painted 1 ticket 1 recesses 1 stoics 1 kudzu 1 informal 1 suits 1 typeset 1 self - styled 1 portfolio 1 high - rise 1 details 1 trademark 1 childhood 1 height 1 trundling 1 bullring 1 cappella 1 klaxon 1 bathroom 1 fleshly 1 swelling 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 russia 1 staggering 1 caught 1 grass 1 domesticated 1 oh 1 specialized 1 language 1 bag 1 carrying 1 recording 1 emotional 1 media 1 radiation 1 pick 1 nerves 1 cackled 1 somber 1 blue 1 drive 1 oscillator 1 mail 1 saved 1 somewhere 1 polyester 1 date 1 wheel - well 1 rubber 1 buy 1 wield 1 sometime 1 whips 1 mirror 1 orbit 1 outrage 1 widening 1 interrogative 1 static 1 lasted 1 coliseum 1 stand 1 fist 1 undulating 1 calling 1 brand 1 care 1 subterranean 1 heat 1 brass 1 squirming 1 map 1 reverberations 1 fujimoto 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 metropolis 1 case 1 eerie 1 predator 1 bucket 1 haze 1 bred 1 surface 1 slip 1 painters 1 sweeny 's 1 defined 1 fearless 1 complexity 1 smelling 1 brandished 1 unoccupied 1 pithy 1 animal 1 changing 1 circles 1 shins 1 cheap 1 purple 1 lowercase 1 despised 1 crawled 1 frenchman 1 clash 1 licked 1 wound 1 truly 1 grin 1 allen 1 citizens 1 seat 1 happened 1 engendered 1 lutheran 1 remnants 1 random 1 smart 1 answer 1 starbucks 1 half - expected 1 napoleon 1 butts 1 buck 's 1 sumo 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 blokes 1 surge 1 opened 1 shtick 1 added 1 rocket 1 grab 1 murky 1 hottie 1 hammering 1 couple 1 large 1 sense 1 dwarf 1 brothers 1 mystics 1 lawyers 1 hands 1 sidewalk 1 physically 1 gathered 1 helm 1 are 1 memories 1 rabbit 1 become 1 my 1 central 1 silverware 1 letter 1 smeared 1 murmuring 1 karma 1 ha - ha 1 muzak 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 plate 1 krakatoa 1 rosary 1 cousin 1 prufrock 1 sandwich 1 thinking 1 camelot 1 microwaved 1 guards 1 cockroaches 1 serenade 1 splinter 1 overpasses 1 enraged 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 crosswalk 1 hearts 1 heaven 1 tagged 1 calendars 1 work 1 psychiatric 1 downtown 1 maneuvers 1 cruisers 1 tongs 1 epoch 1 service 1 emerged 1 forever 1 plummeted 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 jimmy 1 horror 1 revollution 1 feeling 1 nubile 1 outta 1 peeled 1 nanotech 1 dumb 1 multitudinous 1 circuit 1 spectrums 1 nomenclature 1 remotely 1 pencil 1 sleepy 1 sleeve 1 amalgamation 1 transplants 1 countries 1 trumpet 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 finished 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 panic 1 customer 1 accompanied 1 flexed 1 bird 1 double 1 squeeze 1 xenophobe 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 restraint 1 spoons 1 year 1 sprawled 1 among 1 muscles 1 talon 1 soap 1 hitler 1 fawn - eyed 1 crawling 1 steerage 1 hash - house 1 proportion 1 breakfast 1 wealth 1 hovered 1 wind 1 cover 1 preference 1 knocked 1 seagulls 1 skin 1 milliseconds 1 combed 1 rain 1 preoccupation 1 interred 1 mash - allah 1 theories 1 captured 1 teacher 1 very 1 nonetheless 1 blinking 1 warrant 1 tight 1 were n't 1 became 1 dry 1 stairs 1 ledges 1 dilated 1 numbers 1 percent 1 exactly 1 smashed 1 traffic 1 stars 1 crackpot 1 dragnets 1 stuffed 1 preferably 1 curtains 1 torched 1 coverage 1 artificial 1 bear 1 drift 1 algorithm 1 ring 1 sailor 's 1 pudding 1 billion 1 sat 1 zookeeper 1 vitus 1 roadmap 1 hunk 1 tower 1 lunatic 1 cars 1 deep 1 meticulously 1 cop 1 regularity 1 bouncing 1 domes 1 quality 1 encrypted 1 food 1 often 1 raw 1 vision 1 thus 1 panicky 1 conjecture 1 warps 1 flowed 1 hundred - thousand 1 meteorites 1 antenna - twitch 1 felt 1 resonated 1 revolving 1 named 1 branches 1 smirking 1 query 1 prison 1 isosceles 1 bags 1 evolution 1 incorrectly 1 allow 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 propriety 1 dim 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 nude 1 volcanic 1 proximate 1 overrun 1 fiend 1 eaten 1 clay 1 coke 1 alarm 1 boss 1 hike 1 delicious 1 copasetic 1 dryers 1 chain 1 obsessing 1 territory 1 fumbling 1 put 1 slid 1 trash 1 catching 1 filtered 1 prehistoric 1 visited 1 chaos 1 nothing 's 1 coalition 1 motorcycle 1 beer 1 drones 1 plaza 1 exhibited 1 theoretically 1 problems 1 turbans 1 commercially 1 hysteria 1 must 1 whorls 1 needle 1 looters 1 faces 1 beans 1 pocket 1 herbal 1 faded 1 bow 1 pulled 1 shoes 1 oppy 1 astride 1 anybody 's 1 gods 1 radar 1 crackling 1 dogs 1 bum 1 boards 1 watched 1 machines 1 chanted 1 suffered 1 within 1 led 1 tongue 1 covers 1 new - wave 1 cosmic 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 off - key 1 ready 1 jellyfish 1 dope 1 trip 1 track 1 she 's 1 pills 1 because 1 tiny 1 statue 1 bank 1 decade 1 tour 1 train 1 parka 1 deflated 1 monogrammed 1 mantra 1 sideways 1 treacherous 1 asked 1 blew 1 knees 1 done 1 gaping 1 spring 1 struggle 1 iran 1 studded 1 hammer 1 triple 1 candlewick 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 cake 1 sledgehammers 1 orson 1 oblong 1 shore 1 synapses 1 scores 1 spear 1 nightmare 1 buffalo - skin 1 nor 1 wadded 1 scared 1 decency 1 wander 1 prop 1 swallowed 1 woody 1 skeletons 1 coast 1 remote 1 chromatic 1 stark 1 drying 1 apprehend 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 promises 1 fruit 1 scratched 1 darkened 1 malignant 1 further 1 masochist 's 1 dictator 's 1 sign 1 daycare 1 change 1 are n't 1 laughed 1 friggin ' 1 thirty 1 called 1 spy 1 puppets 1 lurked 1 suv 1 looming 1 bibles 1 unnatural 1 stress 1 disenfranchised 1 extinction 1 ghetto 1 flaccid 1 foamed 1 cried 1 does n't 1 shaking 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 conviction 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 onward 1 mindless 1 slavered 1 sort 1 game 1 drank 1 mariners 1 counterclockwise 1 former 1 slang 1 c 1 fantasy 1 out - sprinting 1 training 1 devolved 1 fifty 1 while 1 herd 1 cradle 1 refrigerator 1 held 1 pierced 1 slobbered 1 fiddle 1 bullet 1 shutting 1 rappers 1 heroin 1 unshakable 1 school 1 popeye 1 hoops 1 conspired 1 fell 1 pause 1 stepped 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 paint 1 wore 1 pod 1 holocaust 1 granite 1 charities 1 habitations 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 present 1 starlet 1 heavy 1 decaying 1 night 1 wherever 1 bursting 1 intellectual 1 flare 1 would - be 1 waldo 1 common 1 cockroach 1 wept 1 supposed 1 tag 1 excommunicated 1 terrorized 1 sang 1 century 1 brahma 1 spelled 1 temples 1 quiet 1 boil 1 clock 1 list 1 glowering 1 ineffably 1 glance 1 leave 1 billboards 1 irritated 1 section 1 babies 1 tunnel 1 side 1 contours 1 ax 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 social 1 completely 1 homes 1 short 1 starboard 1 recliner 1 paid 1 seventy 1 atheists 1 cinematographer 1 snore 1 gleaming 1 traces 1 stephen 1 epiphany 1 rattling 1 us 1 gulag 1 stinking 1 shop 1 butter 1 years 1 bought 1 fur 1 foundation 1 tweaking 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 hugged 1 shambles 1 repair 1 mosaics 1 counter 1 soul 1 before 1 checked 1 handwriting 1 room 1 high 1 h 1 consumed 932 .
tell her not to go on any sites with icelandic extensions , i ve programmed all the security protocols for every country but that one .
after all , the problem existed in another country and most still saw that as separate and containable .
adding to the death toll were 938 people spread among fifteen different countries and four continents .
nothing spotlighted the reality that jorgensen would serve as the single vector linking not just countries , but continents , a vector through which more than two - thirds of the worlds population would eventually cease to exist .
in more developed countries with good hospitals and trained staffs , the death rate fell to as low as 26 percent .
after listening to the debate rage back and forth , watching every news broadcast be dominated by panelists who offered little more than speculation , i , and the rest of the country , had been left with no clear picture of what the future might hold .
it is so constant , in all countries and at all times , that even police , who know not much from philosophy , come to know it empirically , that it is .
with the economy of these countries in decline for some time and the rise of the drug cartels and local warlords , especially in mexico , we at first considered these to be isolated incidents involving confined insurgents .
now , it seems , there have been attacks in other countries , as well .
this country will not bend to the whims of terrorists .
the virus he had found it so easy to lie about had spread like a vicious rumor through not only the americas , but countries around the globe .
there was one story on the rodent flu , as the media had dubbed the new influenza epidemic ( or pandemic ; it seemed for a brief moment a few days ago that he d seen news of cases in france and norway , but not a word since ) , which had caused emergency rooms around the country to fill beyond max capacity .
it spreads through every country down there in a week .
we have to protect our country .
he d spread the remaining troops of every military faction across the country , thinning out their numbers to the point that any line of demarcation they could now form would resemble nothing but a faded smudge .
wayne 's parents were fundamentalist , ultraconservative republicans who often spoke of how the country would soon collapse with bill clinton in office .
middle eastern countries are reporting substantial numbers as well .
she estimated that the country may be facing millions of active infections at present .
still a free country is nt it ?
then they worked their political might and magic to help ensure that the freedom of every man in this country would continue unabated ( even if the south should rise again politically ) .
an economic depression had taken the country , especially the west , after the repeal of the sherman silver purchase act of 1890 .
a half dozen times during the evening they started arguing , with topics ranging from which country had the best soccer team to the best restaurants in leesburg .
one last thing there have been accusations from certain leaders of the united nations , claiming the virus was created by terrorists , specifically targeting countries the u.s . supports .
s a free country !
her daughter was bred in the service of her country , and agatone had ranked with ladies of the highest distinction .
among the lessons that felice had bestowed upon safa , geography had not been omitted ; i had learned from these the relative situations of the different countries of the earth .
is not this a free country ? '
her family had fought for this country in every damned war back to the revolution and there was no way she was going to stand by and let this bastard insinuate that he was some kind of goddamned royalty that could command and be obeyed by his customers !
you have no right calling him a traitor after you committed treason on your king and country , diego hissed at vasco .
the mother of katrine was a respectable dancer to the parties of country , while his / her father , of rigid and rude customs , you / he / she seemed an alien fallen by the stars during that popular meetings , that revived the silence of the countries and that so much they benefitted to the spirit of the young people .
have you ever felt to belong you the country against the assisted fertilization ?
the farmhouse that entertained the ristornate had almost appeared to the sudden one , abandoned along one of the so many invented channels for dissetare the needy countries padane .
turns out , this same company was involved in brokering weapon deals between countries .
is a company that brokered deals between the us military and other countries .
they helped sell outdated weapons and vehicles to friendly countries .
all we learn about the war is that your country was the aggressor jenna hissed .
i thought there were nt supposed to be any peasants in your country .
now will you serve your country or wo nt you ?
your country needs you , he seethed under his breath , you re such a dick - wad .
he said that once the revolution was in full swing and all the other countries in the world saw how rich america had become they would all start to wonder where the new found wealth had come from , he said it would only be a matter of time before they got interested in their comings and goings and started spying on everything that they did , the moon base had to be destroyed before anyone found out what it actually was .
elias once again paused for reflection , three years mining rubies he mused to himself , that s not billions of dollars , that s trillions of dollars and certainly enough in collateral to change a constitution or even to start a new country !
i know its a big task but we really need to assemble an overall majority so they can decide what our country should do to defend ourselves from an imminent terrorist attack .
he knew clayton bane had to be involved , but why would he deliberately order an attack on an allied country like england with no apparent reason ?
the reason he used britain as a test target for his new weapon was still unclear in his mind , but what was clear was that president clayton bane must have developed this virus to use against his own country , deploying it by the same means as was done in london , in order to kick - start his own personnel revolution .
i have two questions that require a vote ; the outcome of this ballot will decide what we , as a country , shall do next .
switch , toggle , whatever , pray tell , what was the point of this little demonstration , other than ridding the country of the majority of the house of representatives ?
entering the room beyond , he immediately realised that this was definitely banes command centre , having almost everything a self - righteous tyrant would need to run a country .
he travelled throughout the world helping countries in need through many different organizations , which is how he met emily .
there was an entire world out theredifferent nations following false gods , or demons to be more preciseand in all these countries jesus death and resurrection had been preached but few chose to follow him .
what half a century of taxes and cronyism has turned this country into .
we started this project , general , to protect this country .
he believed there d be a day when q would be needed again by this country .
nothing was too posh at the grand ; celebrities from all over the world came there as well as presidents and presidential candidates and leaders from other countries .
they cut our budget down to a fourth of what it was , increased cooperation with nato countries in r & d. functionally our military became targeted to short - term ops , and consisted almost entirely of special ops .
it saves our country , annually , billions of dollars , and thousands of lives .
it was her duty , as a van helsing and the protector of queen and country .
they contemplated their situation in silence for a while , watching the reporters on cnn speculate about was happening around the country .
add this to the mobilization of the national guard , and its clear that our country is in grave danger .
and that sounds like an ethical way to protect the country ?
the canisters only went off in the united states , but canada and mexico have both reported cases of the illness in their countries now as well .
they promised swift action , but lance wondered what they could do without risking contamination in their own countries .
accusations about government experiments flew , but no country stepped up to take the blame for it , and so there was no donkey on which to pin the proverbial tail .
more zombies in twenty european countries now than people says the tv .
how long would it take the virus to spread across the country ?
if jaclyn would have had cable , we d have found out a whopping eighty - one percent of the country was sick .
first , a virus spreads across half of the country .
maybe the armies of other countries would come to our rescue , or maybe we would be left to fend for ourselves .
people went missing all the time she had read of thousands going missing every day in some countries .
fred will probably calculate how many third world countries we could buy with this rock .
are you kidding , that woman could run the country if she wanted to , i m in awe and a bit scared of her .
he said , wilson , folks in other countries do nt take kindly to foreigners .
technology , oil , democracy , diamonds , gold and religion , each of these things were the bloody gears inside the global killing machine , each motive sanctioned under the moral certitude that god had ordained a country to declare an act of war , because in the end it ultimately served the almightys enigmatic agenda .
the country is on a state of emergency .
he served our country many years in the military .
fucking third - world countries , you ' ve got to be ready for anything .
within a few days the un , the united states , and all the african countries surrounding kenya announced a quarantine of kenya .
after kenya and somalia , the next known outbreak of zombies was in ethiopia , which was unfortunate enough to border both of these countries .
it did nt make sense , once the world knew what was going on , that zombie outbreaks would get out of control in a developed country like the us .
he was worse for his country than continued colonial rule .
in the history of nations , the only two fathers of their countries that i know stepped down before they outstayed their welcome are george washington and nelson mandela .
there were trinkets of all kinds inside , all labeled by various countries .
its theblood , tears and sweat of those willing to die or kill for their country and a passion for survival .
course , they called dibs it was their country , you understand , larry chimed in .
seated alongside the boy shed systematically introduced country after country , alert for an expression of recognition on his face .
seated alongside the boy shed systematically introduced country after country , alert for an expression of recognition on his face .
however , she instructed romanski not to send his federal lawmen to the countries they had taken refuge in .
the royal family did the least for their country and on top of that , he accused them of doing a poor job protecting their nation from foreign influences that attacked and undermined their culture .
st . viktersburg indicted the country for leaving them to drown on a sinking ship .
however , he waited until the security of the entire country was assured .
in many european countries during the 19th century people knew better and therefore , thought much differently .
after much debate over cost and other practicalities , the heads of the country decided that the rail line through the forest would be constructed at a later date .
he received a steady flow of information about the conflict that gripped the country .
the occasion was special because he was the countries youngest senator - following in his fathers footsteps who did little for his district but somehow became wealthy .
english citizens could see how people from other countries lived .
he found himself once again subconsciously tapping the weighted end of his sterling silver pen against the mahogany surface of the desk from which he had served his country for the better part of four decades .
the drive to hoard every cent is a major component of the problem with this country ... we all want to earn as much money as we possibly can , but then we turn around and try to spend as little as possible for the things we need to get by .
everybody was complaining about how much money they were blowing in trying to revive the space program while the rest of the country was still in the throes of a recession .
that too by people from other countries and he was forced to teach them how to do his job !
in third world countries , people like him had to live in constant fear from the affected masses , but in america nobody begrudged him or even pointed out his role .
between the nuclear - armed countries , there were nt enough missiles to destroy the entire worldor were there ?
had it , president roosevelt was the one who had arranged getting him into this country , although there are those who insist -- not without some credibility , i must say -- that j. edgar hoover was the one who masterminded the whole plan .
supposedly , president roosevelt felt the doctor might be of inestimable help not only to this country in winning the war , but to himself , roosevelt , as well .
like many who have been through speech restructuring , it was impossible to link his voice or his speech to any particular part of this country .
we ve discussed your remigrants , we ve solved the worlds major problems , we ve even picked the next two presidents of this country as well as the next prime minister of great britain without the citizens of those two countries having any say in the matter .
we ve discussed your remigrants , we ve solved the worlds major problems , we ve even picked the next two presidents of this country as well as the next prime minister of great britain without the citizens of those two countries having any say in the matter .
the government was willing to help everyone in other countries .
no country .
johnny cash is not country .
and when a japanese soldier disgraced his country there was only one option .
a patriot dies for his country and a hero makes it out alive .
to imagine that it took three hundred years for things to change where homosexuality was n't punished but embraced by most industrialized countries made him a little angry at being born during such a time .
it would appear that our country could spare no expense to create greater weapons of war .
in another two years there will be people in this country constitutionally eligible to become president '' president !
` ` still a free country , is n't it ? ''
the big radial tires it rolled on were of the self - sealing type favored by dictators in small , uneasy countries .
he will say that we were not completely surprised , as we and the heads of the other countries which constitute the un security council have known for at least ten years that et has been scoping us out .
' said to tell you that your part of the mission 's over and your country thanks you . '
and i do n't know what country 's flag that ship might have been flying when it blew in here , maybe scraping its hull open on the top of kitt reef and spilling some of its cargo .
it enabled vampires to feed on sex so they could travel in countries where they were still illegal and not leave a trail of vampire - bite victims behind them .
` ` you were the most powerful physical medium this country has ever known , ben . ''
` ` according to the law we uphold they 're legal citizens of this country , not monsters . ''
she is , in fact , the most sought - after designer in the middle third of the country right now . ''
` ` it 's a f - f - free country . ''
good looks are cheap in a wealthy country .
there were coin collectors who were always losing their collections to thieves , stamp collectors , one fellow who had postcards from thirty - five different countries - and let me tell you , he would have turned out your lights if he 'd caught you diddling with his postcards .
he could n't find it in himself to feel sorry for the country as a whole as it went into this science - fiction - style crisis - the country had been pigging petroleum for too long to warrant his sympathy - but he could feel sorry for the little men with their peckers caught in the swing of a big door .
` ` that 's the year the oil barons are going to take over the country , dawes .
of course monsters existed ; they were the men with their fingers on the thermonuclear triggers in six countries , the hijackers , the mass murderers , the child molesters .
he was a registered democrat who bad voted for nixon in the 1972 elections not because he believed nixon was honest - he had told his wife many times that he considered richard nixon to be an unimagin ? ative little crook with all the finesse of a shoplifter in woolworth 's - but because the opposition was a crack ? brained sky pilot who would bring down economic ruin on the country .
` ` they wanted to send their country back to a much older time .
` ` you 're supposed to think that i am a valuable resource of information about a little - known minority in this country , and that my insight might be invaluable to this investigation . ''
this country must swear off its dirty little wars .
he had been serving his country for thirty - six years , beginning as a scared west point plebe .
wayne 's father owned half of the country 's third - largest electronic games company , and the stukeys had a modestly palatial home in bel air .
` ` your lack of cooperation may do your country a grave disservice .
during their wait in sweeney 's office they communicated the sickness which would soon be known across the disintegrating country as captain trips to more than twenty - five people , including a matronly woman who just came in to pay her bill before going on to pass the disease to her entire bridge club .
` ` so i can serve my country better , '' stu said dryly .
it 's still a free country , right ?
this country signed the revised geneva accords on poison gas , nerve gas , and germ warfare in good conscience and in good faith .
we have reports tonight of outbreaks in a score of other countries , including russia and red china .
this epidemic was most common in technological societies such as the united states , least common in underdeveloped countries such as peru or senegal .
nick was depressed and slightly overawed by the size of the country ; never before had he realized how easy it was to stick out your thumb , knowing that sooner or later the law of averages was going to favor you .
` ` i do n't see how you can grieve for a whole country , '' she said , crying harder , ` ` but i guess you can .
of course we know this country does n't have any germ or biological warfare centers , that 's one of the things that makes this country great - what country , ha - ha - but you should realize that while we 're busy getting all the wagons in a circle , he 's - ` ` hey , hawk , you pullin overtime ? ''
as soon as the queen died , her consort 's former deputy would rule the country , introducing all the interesting little changes both he and sloat desired .
investments which had done well in the mid - seventies had soured in the eighties , when it seemed everyone else in the country with money in the stock market was getting well .
it 's a free country , is n't it ?
in a country where the voters have decided that the lawyers should make the laws , stillson 's only brushes with that force had been from the wrong side .
august 12 , 1977 dear johnny , finding you was n't much of a trick - i sometimes think if you have enough free cash , you can find anyone in this country , and the cash i got .
he was reelected to the house of representatives in a landslide , and with the country tending toward proposition 13 conservativism , he had formed the america now party .
vampires normally only had one name , like madonna or cher , and only one vamp per country could have that name .
she claims to have done nothing illegal in our country .
they 're legal citizens of this country , too . ''
so many , in fact , that the tv announcer was telling the country that someone had shot oswald before all those police c all those people in authority c seemed to have the slightest inkling something had gone wrong .
' when you examine the cancer - death stats for the areas surrounding every nuclear - power facility in the country , you find anomalies , deaths that are way out of line with the norm . '
he also proclaimed himself as one of the highest - ranking military officials in the country and an expert in these affairs .
especially in third world countries .
he was in touch with other countries , but could n't afford to give aid .
and most of all , he did n't tell him that some third - world countries reported rioting and out of control violence and murders and , of course , cannibalism .
when conservative groups around the country began to organize public demonstrations in protest of the commercialization and exultation of uselessness , hiram readily agreed to debate their spokespersons in various public forums .
not that johnny eagle swan had any issue with that , all this country wide coverage was precisely what he had hoped for .
his country had supplied weapons to a distant dictator over the years , and when he was finally armed to the teeth with obsolete military equipment they had decided it was safe enough to attack and try out their new , sophisticated armament .
in britain and other similar countries you can decide how you would like your news served .
it was strange but true that in other countries , namely spain , they were doing the exact opposite under the same feminist banner .
it is true that there were also thousands of well - wishers writing letters and lighting candles from coast to coast , emotionally borne on the trade winds of television news reports , but these were the same types who bought wreaths for princesses they had never met , or who signed petitions for change in countries they had only ever visited in colour supplements or seen from the balconies of their holiday hotels .
they each form their own countries and mighty empires , or whatever they d like , and the campaign ends in victory .
so you are saying the democrats are redistributing the wealth of the country to people who do nt deserve it , is that right ?
then why is it so many economists and financial professionals report that our country has , in fact , undergone the greatest transfer of wealth from the middle class and poor to the wealthy in the history of our country during the last ten years ?
then why is it so many economists and financial professionals report that our country has , in fact , undergone the greatest transfer of wealth from the middle class and poor to the wealthy in the history of our country during the last ten years ?
both had indicated they were perfectly willing , if push came to shove , to pay for this public largess by having the country borrow the money from foreigners , ourselves , our children , or , if necessary , by printing it .
meanwhile , the greatest country to advance the cause of human freedom the world has ever known continued to collapse under the weight of its own financial stupidity .
on several occasions , i recalled him reminding the vociferous blue state haters and geezers that most of the mess the country presently found itself in came by way of the current administration having turned our countrys banking system over to individuals coming directly from wall street high finance whose intentions were to make loans available to every human being capable of signing their name to a mortgage document .
on several occasions , i recalled him reminding the vociferous blue state haters and geezers that most of the mess the country presently found itself in came by way of the current administration having turned our countrys banking system over to individuals coming directly from wall street high finance whose intentions were to make loans available to every human being capable of signing their name to a mortgage document .
are we to end up as the ancient romans did where most of the citizens performed no productive work and were provided for by massive armies trampling the world stealing from subjugated countries in order to feed and entertain the idle masses ?
are we to use this massive military we possess , based in more than a thousand installations around the globe , for the purpose of stealing from other hardworking societies so that the citizens of this country can be fed ?
against all that the republican party stood for and to the primary benefit of the corporate pharmaceutical companies , they sponsored and passed a drug benefit plan for retirees providing for the major part of the cost for prescription drugs which also allows these same companies to sell those same subsidized drugs to retirees at nonnegotiable prices in excess of several hundred percent more than they are sold in other countries .
those fine gentlemen at corporate america surely only want what s best for the country .
and unfortunately for the country , the ones who needed it the most and never got it are now running the whole mess .
our country stood alone as the only major industrialized country in the world to not provide health insurance as a right of citizenship .
our country stood alone as the only major industrialized country in the world to not provide health insurance as a right of citizenship .
what really pisses me off is that after i finally got tired of being angry at my country because it was so eager to forget that fifty - five thousand plus good men lost their lives in that shit - hole nam for nothing , i began to tell myself that , at least , this country would never do anything stupid like that again , and what did we do ?
what really pisses me off is that after i finally got tired of being angry at my country because it was so eager to forget that fifty - five thousand plus good men lost their lives in that shit - hole nam for nothing , i began to tell myself that , at least , this country would never do anything stupid like that again , and what did we do ?
my list included : a contrived housing bubble melt down ; extreme political partisanship on both sides ; gas nearing $ 4.00 a gallon ; the countrys increasing dependence on unfriendly foreign countries for diminishing oil supplies ; corporations outsourcing manufacturing jobs to slave labor countries ; wholesale redistribution of the nations wealth to the upper one percent via ridiculous tax laws ; the destruction of the nations middle class ; more saber rattling as russia invaded the small country of georgia in spite of the our empty threats ; major financial institutions failing because of their insane lending practice of providing home loans to people with no jobs , no money , and bad credit ; ignoring the growing evidence of global warming ; wars in iraq and afghanistan looking as if they will continue in perpetuity ; federal deficits increasing beyond sustainable levels ; the dollars pending loss of reserve currency status ; unsustainable world population growth ; agricultural - corporations intentions of destroying the family farms ; evangelical christianity rising as a counter productive political force ; and lastly , failure to maintain or upgrade our national transportation infrastructure .
my list included : a contrived housing bubble melt down ; extreme political partisanship on both sides ; gas nearing $ 4.00 a gallon ; the countrys increasing dependence on unfriendly foreign countries for diminishing oil supplies ; corporations outsourcing manufacturing jobs to slave labor countries ; wholesale redistribution of the nations wealth to the upper one percent via ridiculous tax laws ; the destruction of the nations middle class ; more saber rattling as russia invaded the small country of georgia in spite of the our empty threats ; major financial institutions failing because of their insane lending practice of providing home loans to people with no jobs , no money , and bad credit ; ignoring the growing evidence of global warming ; wars in iraq and afghanistan looking as if they will continue in perpetuity ; federal deficits increasing beyond sustainable levels ; the dollars pending loss of reserve currency status ; unsustainable world population growth ; agricultural - corporations intentions of destroying the family farms ; evangelical christianity rising as a counter productive political force ; and lastly , failure to maintain or upgrade our national transportation infrastructure .
my list included : a contrived housing bubble melt down ; extreme political partisanship on both sides ; gas nearing $ 4.00 a gallon ; the countrys increasing dependence on unfriendly foreign countries for diminishing oil supplies ; corporations outsourcing manufacturing jobs to slave labor countries ; wholesale redistribution of the nations wealth to the upper one percent via ridiculous tax laws ; the destruction of the nations middle class ; more saber rattling as russia invaded the small country of georgia in spite of the our empty threats ; major financial institutions failing because of their insane lending practice of providing home loans to people with no jobs , no money , and bad credit ; ignoring the growing evidence of global warming ; wars in iraq and afghanistan looking as if they will continue in perpetuity ; federal deficits increasing beyond sustainable levels ; the dollars pending loss of reserve currency status ; unsustainable world population growth ; agricultural - corporations intentions of destroying the family farms ; evangelical christianity rising as a counter productive political force ; and lastly , failure to maintain or upgrade our national transportation infrastructure .
it seemed as if someone ought to tell our legislature one more time that for a sovereign country to exist it needed to be able to support itself financially .
our country could not do that any longer , especially , if we sent every decent paying manufacturing job overseas .
our country no longer depended upon a large and productive manufacturing base .
once the country stood proudly as the largest exporter of manufactured products in the world , but now our national brain trust thought it better to export the manufacturing know - how to low wage countries and ship the usually inferior and much cheaper products back to us so our former manufacturing workers , now unemployed , or underemployed , can hopefully save enough money from their lawn cutting , burger flipping , or house painting jobs to purchase all those now imported refrigerators , televisions , and golf clubs from the discount big box stores along the highways that replaced the local retailers who went out of business because they could nt compete against third world labor costs .
once the country stood proudly as the largest exporter of manufactured products in the world , but now our national brain trust thought it better to export the manufacturing know - how to low wage countries and ship the usually inferior and much cheaper products back to us so our former manufacturing workers , now unemployed , or underemployed , can hopefully save enough money from their lawn cutting , burger flipping , or house painting jobs to purchase all those now imported refrigerators , televisions , and golf clubs from the discount big box stores along the highways that replaced the local retailers who went out of business because they could nt compete against third world labor costs .
right now , the conservative right held center stage in the ongoing battle to populate the leadership positions of our country with the largest number of diehard party ideologues and corporate shills .
to me , this looked to be nothing less than another complete sell out of the american way of life by corporate america looking for a chance to exchange reasonable earnings for obscene profits by transferring all production to third world countries where destitute people worked for near slave wages , countries where there are no environmental regulations , and where child labor laws do not exist while the tax breaks further increase bottom line profits by over fifty percent for these companies .
like who would lead our country into the future as we continued the never - ending wars we had committed our children and their inheritance to ?
now though , corporations went a step further by setting up shell corporations in countries such as ireland where tax laws are much more forgiving .
if the plant disappeared into the giant corporate off - shoring vortex presently consuming the countrys manufacturing jobs , all those nice peoples economic lives went along with it .
the housing market melt down had resulted in a twenty percent drop in the value of residential real estate across the country , as well as in jones county , and although i had nothing to do with it , i figured someone would somehow hold me at least partly responsible .
now , thousands of casualties and trillions of borrowed dollars later , our country still did not control either the much sought after oil fields that they denied played any part in the decision to attack or the recalcitrant islamic populations .
chicken hawks with ambitions much larger than their talons had led the country into a morass that one day soon may play a large part in ensuring its economic collapse .
while the simple - minded voters of this country are incited to argue about abortion , gay rights , gay marriage , religion in the school systems , and every other non - economic political hot potato topic imaginable , large corporations are taking an ever larger portion of the total income derived from the sale of products and services once produced by the workers of this country .
this country , in my opinion , is under attack by corporate interests that seek to maximize profits for an elite few by legally stealing your livelihoods .
the entire financial system of this country is under attack at this very moment , and millions of investors are trying to run for cover .
this country is in for a big correction regarding how we go about managing our financial lives .
many other countries now want to enjoy that same lifestyle we have enjoyed , and they are positioning themselves to try to do just that .
for years , the know - it - alls have been assuring us that we are naturally moving away from a country that manufactures things to a country where we manage the worlds financial affairs .
this likely held little chance of going down in the history books as another watergate or creating suction like the incident when the white house ingnue rendered her services to the leader of our country while kneeling beneath the oval office desk or even come close to that little lie about all those evil weapons of mass destruction used as an excuse for the country to go to war in iraq , but it damn sure was going to raise a stink like a dead opossum found under the front porch in july around jonesboro .
hoyt , busy attempting to isolate the drain problem , had received the go ahead to fix whatever was broke , so i determined to try to clear my mind to be able to organize my thoughts relating to the most salient issues confronting the country .
technically , i probably should have told her , but i truly could not imagine a registered democrat anywhere in the country being anymore opposed to the destructive and deceitful policies presently being forced upon our country and the world by the current administration .
technically , i probably should have told her , but i truly could not imagine a registered democrat anywhere in the country being anymore opposed to the destructive and deceitful policies presently being forced upon our country and the world by the current administration .
if you really want to know what s going on with the economics of our country , then watch where the money goes .
its the wealthiest one percent of the population in this country , that s who .
at this time , the wealthiest one percent own forty percent of the total wealth of this country .
very soon , the number of individuals , institutions , and nations who will be willing to lend to a broke country that has allowed its manufacturing base to move offshore will become few and far between .
all are problems that our country should have dealt with yesterday .
because of partisan politics , it is very unlikely this country will resolve any of the critical issues i ve just told you about .
the real players get all the good stuff , just like the wealthy ten percent in this country who are the real players also get all of the good stuff .
there is only one effective party in this country and that is corporate america .
ultimately , the distribution of wealth in this country will continue to flow to the ruling elite .
many of the largest financial companies in the country , as well as the world , were failing and several large banks had folded or had been absorbed by surviving institutions .
all this happened because a bunch of wall street swindlers figured out a way to get nearly every financial institution in the country to lend money to broke people with no jobs and absent the credit histories supporting any ability or proclivity to repay such ill - advised loans .
though almost ninety percent of all stocks in this country were controlled by a mere ten percent of the population , it would be up to the unwashed masses , the owners of the ten percent of all securities , along with regular taxpaying , non - stock owning wage earners to bail these arrogant ass holes out .
these same best and brightest are right at this moment attempting to force the citizens of this country to bail them out , and i expect they are trying to jump ship themselves .
i assure you that right at this moment every broker and wealthy investor in the country is trying to cut their losses and head for the hills until this market finds a bottom .
she will come to understand , just like i did , that you were telling the truth about the politics in this country , and that we are all a bunch of suckers for letting the politicians and their banker bosses keep lying to us .
` ` yes , there are lots of countries in europe , '' said jonathan , nodding .
what ensued i must not commit to paper but i soon realized why stillnots are banned in many countries .
the currency symbols were largely obscured , making it impossible to discern a country of origin , although in the corner of one the queens head was visible .
every country had its dangers , every alliance and federation its moral ambiguity , every nation its borders and every man , woman and child - on a cellular scale - his or her own selfish desires .
it cut through countries , oceans , sliced through cities and towns , villages , houses and places of work .
not legal in most industrialized countries , where they tend to frown upon abduction and sexual slavery , but seemingly legal here , or at least overlooked by the authorities .
however , what the thatcherites actually achieved with their monetarist policies was the destruction of the countries manufacturing base , which slid rapidly downhill and has been diminishing ever since .
i need my sleep now that the country has another dosser for whom i have to contribute .
la1 : ( puts a hand on us1s shoulder ) people are people , whatever country you re in , mi hermano .
strange , you always associate ireland with potatoes , but they are nt in the top 10 countries that produce , export or import .
did you know that there are two countries named congo ?
and so i very smugly went to claudia , who constantly points out my errors , and i pointed out hers , but of course she was nt wrong and sent me wikipedia articles about each country .
seriously , each country should have its own name , no other two countries are both named the same thing !
seriously , each country should have its own name , no other two countries are both named the same thing !
so small businesses in developing countries basically apply with a business plan for a loan .
being an up - and - coming young investment banker in one of the most prestigious offices in the country had many perks , and not riding the bus with commoners was , to jeff , the biggest perk .
assisting ceos of businesses to move their factories to small south asian countries where they get around child labor laws and pay five cents a month for the manufacture of ill - fitting clothing .
the man who had once gotten entire countries to claim dominance and moral superiority over the world was now a shell of himself .
if she was president , the country would run like the trains , only with less riff - raff hanging around the entrances .
i had to outwit the greatest legal mind the country had ever known .
plenty of eyebrows were raised about sir gerald 's choice of this young foreigner to lead the country 's second oldest insurer .
stupid enough to believe that risking life for their country was their duty .
ruthless publishing companies scoured the universe for ever more creative mating calls in an effort to continually reinvent the self - serving self - help boom ; mighty media empires turned their guns on one another in the race for supremacy , with whole galaxies laid waste ; households paid furtive platitudeypus poachers to provide them with their own home based oracle , always there with helpful though largely vapid and insubstantial advice ; whole countries began to interpret the messages of the beasts in wildly opposing fashions and self actualisation wars broke out all across the universe .
( the new law , samuel ej , historyworx 1947 ) the uncomfortable truth of the matter is this ; a century ago , coming out of a war situation which - as we shall soon discover - was far wider reaching than many would have believed possible , this country needed the new day party .
ridiculous as this must seem , the new day party - and similar groups which seized control in other countries - quickly realised that in order that a destroyed populace could begin to rebuild , they would need once again to believe in themselves .
( trapped in paris , uncredited report filed to the times newspaper ) more than anything at that time , our world needed unity , and yet through the beginnings of the so called new nationalism , the first divides were established between wounded and distrustful countries across the planet .
at this time , with the aid of the captured journalists , the first of the war accounts were published , confusing an already unbalanced country .
in eighteen years , he had never once lost his popularity nor the backing of his country .
but at least it was no pedophile state like some south - east asian countries arden had read about .
ishmail najmudden would never be seen running , except when appropriately attired and on his new gyms treadmill with the tv monitor at the front of his exercise machine telling him , via his earphones , whatever rubbish the programmers of each of the 103 cable tv channels deemed fit , be it the news headlines , choreographed k - pop soft porn music clips or karaoke from a dozen asian countries in as many different languages .
actually , the intercontinental us has the largest recorded earthquakes in the country 's history , and ohio at least is over i think it 's an interstitial fault , so there could be small earthquakes in this area , or at least aftershocks from one , maryann said .
emboldened by a right wing conservative president , whose gift to the country was a reduction in tax for the wealthiest americans , the rollback of environmental protections in favor of big business , and the dismissal of u.s . attorneys whose investigation might not favor those in power , the ministers and flock of mega churches invested their money directly in the deity who answered their prayers .
any country with balls enough to start two world wars leads in mechanical engineering by necessity .
he had helens tests , scans , and biopsies , sent to the leading medical institutions around the country for second and third opinions .
her influence was so broad , even politicians from other countries were sending their condolences to her parents , and promising they would do everything they could in order to assist the search party .
and furthermore , how could this ever be achieved without the presence of an ambassador or any diplomat of note on the ground , all of whom were absent from the country until it was deemed safe enough for them to return ?
he supposed logistics was his speciality , if that is what his limited knowledge of the subject could be called , and now , after only weeks of the briefest induction to liberia , a country in a hiatus of war , and a short stopover in sierra leone , still smoking from a war that was not unconnected to its neighbour , he was expected to waltz in and take control as if it were something people just did .
and how quickly the country would change under their new despot !
states members of ecowas , oau , undp , donor countries and the liberian council of state will provide the material and technical assistance .
and what if i was to say that my work is vital to ensure a ruthless dictator does nt come to power in this country , and your silence is getting in the way of that ?
do you imagine why certain countries can not reinvigorate their economies ? ''
nothing more than a rogue government operation funding itself and manipulating economies , just waiting to take complete control of the world 's financial and natural resources one country at a time . ''
here i was in a foreign country where death was easily dispensed based on perceived religious conviction as defined by skin pigment .
his trial , sentencing and appeals would unfold over many years and several countries , but little would change his plight of perpetual existence behind bars .
in fact , there s no country in the entire planet that has nt had its democracy perverted by the land of the free .
for a week beforehand the us and britain had been agitating for a land invasion if saddam did nt disarm the country .
patents in 46 different countries .
we also have ties to some other shipping companies to get your products across the country quickly .
i would imagine the long - distance bill alone would bankrupt a small country .
there are liaisons between countries , planets and the entine assembly .
once a resisting force had been assembled , it took a matter of months for the forrar force to be expelled , and placed under heavy observation by all neighboring countries .
military service 12 a.c . after the war with istory , countries convened to dictate mandatory military service for its citizens .
he also hoped to use it in political elections , to help spare the country from leaders whose egos were bigger than their brains .
she had to concentrate to keep from imagining the image of her most recent picture plastered over every news channel across the country ; her mother crying in front of the cameras as if she cared .
therefore , at this fair are all such merchandise sold as houses , lands , trades , places , honors , preferments , titles , countries , kingdoms , lusts , pleasures ; and delights of all sorts , as harlots , wives , husbands , children , masters , servants , lives , blood , bodies , souls , silver , gold , pearls , precious stones , and what not .
they work less than the homeless , go to lavish banquets , and never get anything done for the country .
each play is fully protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america , and of all countries covered by the international copyright union ( including the dominion of canada and the rest of the british commonwealth ) , and of all countries covered by the pan - american copyright convention and the universal copyright convention , and of all the countries with which the united states has reciprocal copyright relations .
each play is fully protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america , and of all countries covered by the international copyright union ( including the dominion of canada and the rest of the british commonwealth ) , and of all countries covered by the pan - american copyright convention and the universal copyright convention , and of all the countries with which the united states has reciprocal copyright relations .
each play is fully protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america , and of all countries covered by the international copyright union ( including the dominion of canada and the rest of the british commonwealth ) , and of all countries covered by the pan - american copyright convention and the universal copyright convention , and of all the countries with which the united states has reciprocal copyright relations .
a3 walks in and takes up a strange pose a4 ( jim ) : do you want your country in the hands of such a dork ?
i d heard about the closing of mental health facilities all over the country .
you do n't depose a dictator by asking his country 's head of state to get rid of him .
depending on what country you live in , only around 0.001 % of the general population will murder anyone in a given year .
with two countries , mexico and the united states , two major border citiesel paso and juarez , three states -- texas , new mexico , and chihuahua , and countless of towns and small cities coming together including her town of gran estrella , eclectic electricity flowed through the air and occasionally sparked like it was doing now .
you re very electrical and your system is probably even more magnetic here where there s so much energy from different countries , states , and places .
based on the international standard adopted in most western countries , tuesday is the second day of the week .
in countries that use the sunday - first convention , tuesday is defined as the third day of the week .
what country could claim the title as leader in office - carpet exports ?
apparently , your head of state is now a worn - out old despot , aid to your country ceased as from yesterday , and our army is massing on your border ready to keep the peace if there s even a hint of anything remotely harmful to our national interests .
your country needs you !
i could cite , by way of example , international relationships between supposedly civilized countries , the workings of the female psyche and the internal machinations of the windows ( trademark microsoft ) operating system .
and in addition , every country has someone who bears a grudge against them , so if you venture near such establishments you risk being a victim of collateral damage .
unfortunately there is a certain level of prejudice against usa citizens in every country in the world , and i even find myself that i have to make an extra effort in the presence of anyone who speaks with even the smallest hint of a lazy drawl .
the show was translated into twelve languages , screened in over thirty five countries , and not a single individual confessed to understanding a word of it .
he d even mentioned to laura that if you chose to change countries to ply your trade , you need to do everything in your power to acclimatise , and he does nt .
beyond the expected alignment , sometimes these kingdoms and countries spread out vertically as well .
people all around the country did that , built bomb shelters in their basements .
he said maybe someday , when the ice thawed between their two countries , she would sing it .
apparently it was still a free country .
montana looked down as her hat landed on the entrance garden of the office building housing some of the most important businesses in the prosperous land of bahrain , an offshore money haven losing ground to dubai , but still scoring a respectable seventy eight percent in banking secrecy , placing tenth out of seventy one countries in the latest financial secrecy index .
they were part of the church of the holy flower harem , known as the nightline of kuala lumpur , fifty four ladies coming from thirty four countries , all displaying shapely bodies , smelling exceptionally well , of fragrances such as de lorangerie , trsor , or la vie est belle , by lancme , noa , amor , amor , or catch me , by cacharel , or lily of the valley , night scented jasmine , and edwardian bouquet by londons floris .
cassandra scafarel was the head of the shenzen fund , she was a high level power broker using her connections to pull through extremely costly and major projects for countries which did nt have clout with g-20 countries .
cassandra scafarel was the head of the shenzen fund , she was a high level power broker using her connections to pull through extremely costly and major projects for countries which did nt have clout with g-20 countries .
california led the country at the time in strict enforcement of dui laws , so i respected her judgment .
one country , not two .
ports mean maritime trade , which means commerce , which is the economy , which is the backbone of countries and societies .
symbols of countries , people , places , causes .
are you going to dance your best in this show , for your country ?
i thought they did political stuff involving foreign countries .
he hoped ms . peters would try to teach him personally about the founding of the country , but assumed there was a greater chance he would get a lecture .
i just wanted to read some of the great writers and leaning about different countries .
it was 100 % sincere and it read : all working for the good of all , for the strength of the collective beyond the sum of its parts , that it might not only exist but thrive , in such a way as to challenge the current world order , built around the cold war stalemate perpetuated for the sake of the military - industrial complex in all polarizing countries , the arms merchants , the merchants of death , the men who have not been to war but would profit off it , encouraged by the bankers who learned in world war i that there is no stronger return on investment than the stoking of paranoia and hatred , but for us , for us of higher motivation , liberated from distrust and violent reciprocity , freed to pursue a higher calling of love and compassion for our fellow man via the collective compassion that inculcates a better world , founded out of love because love is not a feeling but an action , a force applied in time to objects for the sowing and reaping of worldly benefits food clothing shelter but also for intangible ones like prosperity , introspection , the leisure to purse enlightened studies and to tend to the poor and to others through acts of kindness and edification that there can be a better way to lead by example and inspire , so that our organization might not be for the betterment of ourselves only but for the betterment of the world .
john kennedy and so , my fellow facebook friends , ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country .
john kennedy and so , my fellow facebook friends , ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country .
although i was somewhat aware that other people in other countries did nt like the united states i had no idea the depth of their hatred and what that blind hatred would lead them to do .
its the style in some arabic countries .
after all , he was duking it out with the united states , the european union , the united nations , israel , and just about every other country in the world that wondered if his nuclear program really was just to produce electricity for his subjects ' toasters .
laleh wondered what it was like , set there on the shore of the united states , implacable enemy of her native country , led by the big guy , the ayatollah .
i can tell you more about that some other time , but the outcome was that we stayed together as one country rather that breaking into two countries .
i can tell you more about that some other time , but the outcome was that we stayed together as one country rather that breaking into two countries .
now , however , he was , and did nt mind a little exposure , as long as it did nt affect his capability to render the ultimate service to the vs , which he considered to be part of his official duties as leader of the country .
you will find it and return it to me , who holds it in trust for the country , and exact revenge on that person or persons responsible for this abomination .
a woman in a middle eastern country is pissed at everybody in and everything about her culture .
the boys looked at each other and thought , this is the best and brightest our country can offer the diplomatic corps ?
in some countries like saudi arabia , its horrendous .
; and all three of the assassins said , option three , option three , listen to her , she s got it right , and then , you call stealing a hundred million dollars from the leader of a major country a minor offense ?
this country does nothing for the victims of crime .
it was about the artifacts and his feelings of loyalty to his country .
most celebrities in most countries would face legal charges for this , but not the deneuve ; not in france .
gwens charleston mission was somewhat simpler than those of her two partners because it did nt involve foreign countries and all that bureaucracy .
constantine said the ship was heading straight to the states , with no stops in other countries .
the airshow featured the air force blue angels , but included planes from other eras and countries , including a privately owned russian mig 23 flogger combat aircraft .
this country loves a celebrity . ''
celebrities could do whatever the fuck they wanted to in this country and no jury would convict them .
she watched his hands as she did so and , sure enough , he reached toward where a man in his profession might be expected to have a holster , even in countries that officially frown on guns .
in the normal course of things , spies generally died at the hands of people protecting their own country 's interests .
try tying those countries together .
she was glad he was on her side , or , more specifically , on the side of her country .
sometimes , under bad circumstances , it was even a victory , as long as the country and what it stood for survived .
mighty planetary master had managed to rise to the top of the list because he seemed to be moving his agent - poaching activities into her territory , going after her agents like so many foxes , but his ascendancy certainly had n't slowed down any of her country 's other enemies .
he does n't seem to be attacking countries , or factions , or alliances .
french banks have carved a niche making loans to countries that ca n't or wo n't work with the united states , or with us banks ?
i ' m sure it 's profitable in the short term , but in the long term it makes your country and mine natural enemies , i think .
and it 'll place your country in the wrong time and time again , as far as the international community is concerned .
richard asked , as he hastily positioned a chair behind his country 's leader .
it must be assumed that you could lie for your country for a good enough cause . ''
my country 's actions , sorry to say , were less than stellar , shall we say ?
` ` i give you my word of honor i wo n't access any of your country 's wiretaps without being duly authorized and supervised by a duly authorized british official .
` ` totally wrong party for me , but we do n't usually stand by and allow assassinations to happen in this country , now do we ?
in his own odd way , frank hoddel was proud of his country and half - blindly patriotic .
` ` in case you 're wondering , '' she said , ` ` i know of at least five countries that occasionally remind their latin american operatives to keep an eye open for the man .
` ` it 's only one of the largest investing companies in the country , and he 's the head of it ! ''
we could quote senator helms , enraged at gays in the military saying , clinton better not show up here { fort bragg , nc ] without a bodyguard or jesse fulminating that , there is not one single case of aids in this country that can not be traced in origin to sodomy .
i especially liked the lawyer you quote on page 51 who wondered of addington , how did this lunatic end up running the country ?
the minute those young guardsmen turned their m1s on the crowd , and the student protesters got an ugly lesson in the first rule of protest never throw rocks at guys with guns i remember well my daddys reaction when he saw the tv pictures of the shootings , he said , what s this country coming to ?
instead , you should be down on your knees thanking godthat you were lucky enough to be born in a country where a useless schmuck who contributes absolutely nothing to society can somehow manage to find himself in the top marginal tax bracket .
in a witty and often humorous book you pull no punches quoting crazed liberals : - let wall street die : no tax payer bailoutshould go to rescue the growing cesspool of filthy - rich , elite financial managers whose unchecked greed and false sense of entitlement has given this country its worst financial crisis since the great depression .
dying for your country was one thing , but dying to gain territory that antiwar forces in congress would simply return to the enemy seemed ludicrous to me .
besides , would nt it be culturally insensitive to invade islamic or macho hispanic countries and kill their citizens with brigades of belligerent sapphic soldiers ?
on page153 greenwald writes [ giuliani ] obtained one deferment after the next including one under highly questionable circumstances - to ensure that he did not have to fight for his country , instead sending other americans off to die .
their website has a world map showing which countries they consider free , partly free or not free .
now , i am not some nave , mindless redneck , i know these are not perfect countries .
there are more than one billion people in this country .
there is no arguing with a political stance that is still a major dilemma even in free countries .
in third - world countries they call this girl the walking dead , because she looks like she would try to eat all of the survivors .
its not only okay to dress like a gay - lord , it is in fact applauded in most first and second - world countries .
while the party had been unfolding , mr . white had been seated in his favorite red leather chair , sipping brandy from a big snifter and spinning his favorite yellowed globe that featured the boundaries of countries that no longer existed .
` ` well , i am interested in what 's best for this country .
at the drop of a hat , the entire country will go on strike and do their absolute utmost to make sure that anything that was working in their economy is irreversibly and completely screwed .
35 - the madness of pets what is the obsession people have in this country for pets ?
` ` i have nt been hired yet , but i do nt really want to get fired , i do nt need to get fired , well , i d like to get fired but with my passport , i need my passport to leave this place and work at the city of wellington , because the city of wellington travels to countries outside the u.s . , mexico for instance . ''
` ` ca nt do the geo - strategic intelligence stats anymore , things like gather data on buyers and sellers of oil flows , show public debt by country , or compare the stock price of facebook among investment banking buy side analysts over several months .
in 46 countries !
associated press - last night , seventeen countries in europe and east asia reported the mysterious appearance of crop circles .
when i arrived at the dinner , in a hotel in marbella , i saw that there were all kinds of representatives from numerous countries .
in the 70s , 80s and early 90s , citizens particularly in developing countries paid premiums for us funds .
corruption is now rampant throughout the country particularly at the higher levels of government .
modernization of populous countries like china has the potential to adversely and irrevocably destabilize the environment .
thus the average citizen might tend to think the problem more infrequent considering the population in the developed countries as a whole .
` ` some countries have magic armies , '' said big toe .
the name of my country of destination will remain anonymous .
its how things usually get done in this country .
our webcast deb & the sweat is going ultra - mega - viral across every country on the planet , like nothing else since that film clip of that python eating that panda .
we ' ve started repeating the whole series again online from day one and sold the rights to even more tv stations in countries i ve never heard of .
big aesop , a kindly chap who only sold arms to countries that really needed them , had agreed to cheer up any flagging contestants by smooching with them .
its just a game , its just a movie , its just another pill , its just a small asian country that needs american boys to die for it .
` ` cuba is a poor country , how do you buy all these precious metals ? ''
several messages included the topic of money changing , changing the currencies of a country to another .
although this publication is pure fiction , maybe even a farce , we all know how many hangers - on abound in managing the country .
more likely it is because , when our beloved free press are not filling their pages with the debauchery and fall of whichever vapid celebrity is their hesternal golden child , that is exactly what they are intravenously drip - feeding into the soul of our country .
i know we have nt yet reached the situation where everyone in the country feels multiculturism targets should be pegged to allow smoother assimilation of costs .
his reply was emphatic that he could nt afford to lose an outstanding talent at this time , but , if he was asked to recognise the greater need of the country he would reluctantly comply .
there was real fear that boundaries which have been at the cornerstone of family life were creaking and collapsing under the burden of being all things to all citizens , from all countries , all of the time .
if this country could demonstrate such success , then the model would be portable .
coffee helped to equalize the economic playing field for many smaller countries struggling to find a viable commodity .
look at it this way- entire countries in europe have converted their money systems to euros already , and we still have farthings , hectares and fathoms on our books .
we seek your country simple answers , atticus .
` ` this country has been using metric for years .
` ` you 'd be serving your country , '' said clack .
professional and financial ambitions were waning and taken over by golf and spells of compassion , which included plans for exporting cheap prostheses to war zones in third world countries .
the dwarves grew wealthy selling barrels of oil to greedy , polluted countries at a high markup , and were known far and wide for their snap - on charm bracelets .
no country on earth could remotely cope with a system where people never die .
unilateralism is a doctrine whereby nations work alone , usually without consultation with other countries , and often against the desires and interests of their citizens .
for no particular reason , it was now time for young female newsreader to take over as footage was presented of several empty churches in unidentified countries .
and you no doubt help both sides whatever the country , organisation or religion .
to be stuck on a pension in a country that only raises taxes and tons and tons and more tons of god - awful food .
` ` i am inclined to believe , with the leading military and business minds in this country , or airplane as it is more commonly called , the modern - day flying machine will never become sufficiently developed to be of any effective military or commercial use .
the carefully preserved neutrality of the papacy towards france and spain crumbled as both countries sought to influence the outcome .
nothing happens in this country without our permission .
it 's a way of controlling the destiny of this country .
they believed your king james was damaging the moral fabric of the country by encouraging religious tolerance , catholics , non - conformists , even quakers . ''
oh no , henry viii was instructed by us to lead his country away from the kind of seditious heresy endorsed by julius and his league .
` ` a country may not have two monarchs , '' said avermann .
they did , however , have a weather eye on the lucrative export market to china and the numerous developing countries of asia and the hungry meat eating populations of part of the european union .
i ve had thousands of students , in a dozen countries .
the quality of our medical care has deteriorated compared to other industrialized countries , while our investment in it has skyrocketed so we have the most advanced , but by no means the best , medical care in the world ( a pesky contradiction ) .
the definition of a recession is simply several months of no growth or negative growth -- a prolonged recession can bring a country to its economic knees .
paradoxically , whenever a country raises its economic level and creates a class that can afford more things , the first thing that that class will do is buy more and better food , which drives up the prices and provokes starvation amongst its poorest members .
if you could do it for god and country , you could teach creationism in school , could nt you ?
the simple reality is that the major countries of the world have become far too complex to govern .
the idea that a president can govern a country like the united states is absurd .
until we can successfully govern countries , the idea of a world government would seem to be a pipe dream .
they think that a lot of the moral problems in our country are exasperated by this separation , and that their rights as a group have been trampled on .
it is in fact men who maketh the clothes or , in the case of certain designer labels , children in third world countries , ' joe argued .
` ` india 's a third world country . ''
they had built a steel donut bigger than paris that slopped between two countries .
to help me remember this , i visualize two things : the cloth that hangs in front of every drinking establishment in this country and those photos of jfk 's autopsy that my father and i discussed over breakfast in 1977 .
inside that game , i had but one hundred lives to give for my country .
the fact that the geographical spread of conservative religious fatties and godless gym - toned liberals aligns closely with those of slave and free states before the civil war does nt bode well for the future of the country .
the family was from one of those countries whose governments like to do things for their people but not with them and who are supposedly doing a lot to help defeat terrorism but never find the time to explain why so many terrorists carry their passports .
i notice they never have a problem sending in their troops to quell order in those franco - phony african countries they still pull the strings in .
however , many countries claim to be the origin of the actual mulla nasrudin character and his tales , and it remains uncertain where the man lived and the stories started .
he s probably wanted in thirty states and fifteen countries .
there s an unjust people that run that country , and it is up to someone like me to free the people from tyranny .
i know , but it just felt good saying it even if i ca nt technically go through with it because of the stupid laws we have in this country to protect the workers from mistreatment .
although there are not many countries to choose from that have pale - skinned redheads with freckles is there .
i mean were in different countries , different time zones , different everything i guess ... james interrupted and finished the thought .
i saw the height and fall of rome , observed countries develop from bands of fighting factions , and watched as the old gods and traditions were replaced with a new and more powerful deity .
that was followed almost immediately by investigative reports from news agencies all over the country exposing widespread poverty among elderly religious men and women .
the following week , as a part of her efforts to dig up evidence to certify the class , christina served subpoenas on religious orders all over the country requesting financial information .
they issued a salvo of subpoenas to dioceses all over the country demanding financial information .
she decided she had enough information to move forward rather than battling the church all around the country over the subpoenas for financial information .
conservative politicians all over the country introduced bills in state legislatures to revoke the church 's tax exempt status .
after the conversation lagged , mercy said , i ' ve barely ever looked at a tv , but it 's my understanding there are shows on tv where people go on and talk and it gets sent all across the country at the same time .
maggie said , i ' ve read that church attendance is higher in america than any other country in the world , and we give more money to our churches than any other country .
but exactly that financial ratio underlay the stress - inducing dynamic of the relationship between the two countries ; the one rising power on the one hand and the other gently - going - to - seed former imperial power on the other .
on the outside , there is this new pride and growing awareness that they can do things just as well as other countries .
both countries , of course , are in the end more similar than different , grand , unified , obsessive of minor differences within the nation , but all speaking more or less the same language and all more or less agreeing on certain , mutually - different social standards .
would nt every country ?
east of the rockies , seaboard america is neutral but europe - leaning ; the south american countries were all german - aligned and now europe - aligned , and the keiwha program has just drawn to a close in keijo , capital of japan s first overseas territory .
` ` well i figure i want to work like tusk , you know , in different countries .
the french had a coup detat , and then one by one all the various countries began skirmishing with each other , it was the third world war ; it was the mother of all crises , the infinite noise and exuberance of the chinese began to make itself felt on the world stage , where stability reigned ; the sole place in existence in the universe where economies continued to do well and careers continued to surge ahead .
but in truth they remained independent entities , even if japan continued to tear holes in the fabric of reality ( as did twenty other countries ) , and while anybody looking through those holes would see stars , that by itself was no reason to fear future outcomes , the world that would result , infinite supplies of cheap cheap energy .
he visited in the end almost every single pavilion ; it was fun to switch languages between countries and surprise people .
if she were of another generation , or her family more well off , her parents might have been able to send her off to jamaica or england to college , andwho knowsshe might be running this country .
although i m sure cynthia would do something about that if she really did run the country .
after all , its her country .
in certain countries , yellow is the color of mourning .
they admire table - tennis players of other countries .
he hears a voice rising inside himself telling him : even if you do nt want to win , your country does .
in his country he is a myth .
he has a less aggressive play than his mates of the same country .
the presence of the chinese is of great interest for table tennis , but the korean yoo nam - kyu steps on the podium after beating his mate of the same country at the final .
he beats the belgium saive 3 to 1 and brings the european title for the first time to his country .
these tables now can only be found in oriental countries , particularly in china and japan .
its no ticket to our country if they do .
usually these wars that happen are caused by our jew govern - ment meddling with other countries to help the rich jewish businessman .
given the bigotry i d heard come from the ancient mariners lips , i confess to feeling some gratification that his country was sweeping aside the prejudice of the veteran it was honoring at his burial .
` ` is march not a school month in your country ? ''
i never have been able to call back the exact phrasing of a loud assertion her husband had made at that memorable dinner , but i have held onto the gist of itthe day that fellow takes over as president a telephone line will be connected from the vatican to the white house and you know who will be running this country .
it would enable us to become professionals , earning unheard of salaries , as well as turn us into enlightened citizens who would commit ourselves to a morality that within our country would eliminate prejudice and poverty and , spreading to the nations of the world , would serve their peoples as models .
if they believed war was totally wrong , acceptable in no circumstance , how did they answer to aggression against a country , against them .
the other choice was international adoption , which involved adopting a baby from another country .
the most popular countries for adoption were china , russia and guatemala .
there is and was always a fear that babies adopted from foreign countries were stolen or that the mother was coerced to give up her child .
one time when he and mike were arguing about cultural contributions of each country , mike said that the scotch had a couple of dry philosophers like hume and adam smith and robert burns was their one good poet , but the irish had all the poets and writers .
when you live in a country surrounded by governments that want to destroy you ?
well , i know that many people think governments are separate from individuals and that governments have to do what is good for the country .
we dropped more bombs on that country than were used in all of world war ii .
putting his juice box down on the table with as much of a bang as cardboard allowed , he said , so he supports torturing people and imperialistically crushing small countries ?
you do nt deserve the freedoms of our country .
where the flood had nt caused damage the winds had and the rubble in the streets made it look like a bombed out neighborhood in one of those countries you see on television news shows at the local bars .
medicine , if still one - sided insomuch as it only keeps people alive yet does n't control births , at least not enough , but then that 's due to religion as well in a lot of cases , that or bad education or lack of cash or corrupt swiss firms selling dud or dangerous chemicals to under - developed ( what a phrase , as if ' developed equals good ' ) , to under - developed countries to make a fast few pounds or francs or whatever .
it 's based on the industrial revolution , the machine age , leading to a consumer society , exploitation of less developed countries .
i m the very lowest level of authority in this country .
i remember him shouting about his son fighting for king and country while walter had contrived to stay at home and make a killing of another kind .
he had heard that a large number of college kids formerly staffed the national parks in the summers , but , since they had a propensity to quit before the end of the season , concessionaires were now contracting with manpower agencies for seasonal workers from foreign countries .
if all this were so , as you say , in reality , then hypnosis would nt have been used so actively in the secret services of all of the developed countries of the world .
in our country , that s understandable .
a lot of people believe that its the work of non - profits that s holding this country together right now .
robots whose functions were manifold , sparked , placed extraneous parts , numerous extensions on the gleaming tiled floor and set about the business of buffing and polishing and wiping and shining and tidying each other and the bewildered customers while whistling in a variety of distinguishing notes a variety ( depending on their country of origin ) of patriotic songs from days of old , of historic mechanical sobriety , when , sherzo recalled , having been there , countries and patriotism still found their way up onto the dusty blackboard .
robots whose functions were manifold , sparked , placed extraneous parts , numerous extensions on the gleaming tiled floor and set about the business of buffing and polishing and wiping and shining and tidying each other and the bewildered customers while whistling in a variety of distinguishing notes a variety ( depending on their country of origin ) of patriotic songs from days of old , of historic mechanical sobriety , when , sherzo recalled , having been there , countries and patriotism still found their way up onto the dusty blackboard .
its unbelievable to me that a man who gasses thousands of his own people , invades a neighboring country , or , more aptly in this instance , country club , and who lobs missiles at a neutral country can sell himself , successfully , as a saint .
peleg immediately rejects the first suggestion , as it has been his belief for more than fifty years that the evocation of flag and country usually leads to death .
killing the protesters is their last resort , and look at the mess they ve made of their countries .
they re going to roll out our product line across the country in the next few weeks .
you can go places and see different cities , countries , and people .
other countries are snapping up laid off scientists too .
some countries are trying to develop weapons .
poor countries fight over dust and hovels .
rich countries fight over .
poor countries .
he d signed up to do the most dangerous jobs the military had to offer out of a sense of duty to the country and a need to do something few in the military could do , and that desire had proven irony to its fullest , at least in the sense that few in the military were as highly trained as he was to do nothing with his training .
all the countries that eat the most dairy also have the highest rates of cancer .
early on in his career as an art collector and dealer , turner had found that imaginative pieces which often spoke in ways not even considered by the so - called avant garde could occasionally be found in the truly midwestern portion of the country .
your country needs you .
allan knew that after 9 - 11 , another similar event would almost certainly lead to near - martial law being declared in the country .
and then , from the ashes of the destruction wrought by our information terrorists , a hero who is unafraid to accept his birthright as a ruler arises like a phoenix to take vengeance upon the wicked , to lead his country in a new direction , a direction replete with safety , and security and order , continued allan passionately , his voice cracking with emotion , the fanatical gleam of a cult leader shining in his eyes .
it was a world that sounded to miles like some sort of neo - fascist utopia where the oligarchy would finally take its rightful place publicly as the ruling class , openly imposing its will on the country and the world for the good of all .
something really needs to be done to change things , thought steve as he considered how many other allan elliotts might be busy climbing political and bureaucratic ladders at the expense of the integrity and honor of the country .
and they were just being careful in the heightened climate of fear , which large countries , in their paranoia , go through at these times .
in the football world cup , to ensure that israel is never drawn against a middle - eastern muslim country , they put israel in one of the european qualifying groups .
he had been due to be sent back to eritrea , but could not be , due to the unstable political situation that had since arisen in that country .
sante and i talked of education , work , money , our respective countries , considered religion and meditation .
the collection is available in all countries through the channels listed above .
across and from sea and land , awaiting at - dockside and harbour fishing - vessels , ships and supervised- controlled hyper - tanker and from the high - seas and ocean waiting - off shore sea - port passed the coastal and inland estuary river : < the - city : ... list : ... already built - up : outskirts , and back to , in lights : the rational - equitable tower building - up through river - way - lined embankment , canal and railway - track ... up , and along evermore and faster , building - checking maintaining- control by - braking ... gradually , spinning on a too - rapid action : onto the next ... above from satellite - dish solar - panelled beaming in below : > country and countries : list : ... in the - cloudthe lofty city - streets and buildings now transformed from bricks and mortar ... pie - chart < projected - costs ( blue ) and projected - earnings ( yellow ) : business - plan ( green ) : balance - sheet ( red / black ) : on screen like towers - building ... tumbling , and dropping , and re - built once more , only to fall ... > you are within the red - zonestraying into : < the blue - zone and you are out - in - the - openheardfuzzy found - footagein blocks and relief red and black with green thread 's and lines like the real hills beyond and blue , beyond the columns and row 's ... with a bright yellow sun in a bright blue sky , bright - clouds : > green - zone !
whole countries !
border trade - walls collapsing towering inferno of the - banks like churches : secretive silent and suave : > aristocratic - house maybe ... > < presidential - military - chiefs ... > > the countries > economies are not the same as any ordinary household ... there are objects and subjects not for sale ... for money or anything else ! > military - police playing with their toys getting a hard - on peeing for all its worth on fire weaponry - pornography games not in the face of the - enemy hatred ... funny - familiar or not at least nowadays ... all related anyway fighting battles everyday ... civil - war everyday !
another roll of the dice - ball ... presidents , and countries ' call ... economists , academics ... and those who wished they were paid to - be ... to give results !
whether inside the country or outside elements ?
weapons taken or handed over by deserting government - troops and police ... the so called security forces through un - monitored routes ... from near and far , through the countries between ... burnt uniforms everywhere ... and naked bodies daubed hanging ... and the - rebels inside ?
without - tact : > across countries ... and continents ... city - hospital ... < patched - up andsavingbuffering ... unseeing , hearing : < saving who we can of the dying ... < and deaths < dissipated ... as if rationed for the inhabitants on the ground ... < fogging the outlook from the airto the ground : > drone ! < steered from someway distant airdrome ...
; different countries and armies , where the threat would be from , and who would step in to save the day ... ' ' without publicity it was only for money ... for - profits ... to these pirates , and ... well ... businesses , big - corporations , that dealt with them , to pay the ransom ... to spend on ?
with former regime fall , or feared , vacuum filled by surrounding countries : east and west , north , and south , and diagonal - ideology : founded and funded : food and weaponry : is nt that it ?
one country can not dictate to another about that !
said malevolently almost laughingly viciously brutally man - handled ... in a country with as strict gender roles , and rule 's as any ... another television - journalist trying to ask : ' why are they taking you ?
each person had a unique view of the subject based on their childhoods and countries of origin .
and as for south america , those countries always seem in a flux , too risky by far , i think .
its a free country , so fuck you .
statistically , at the height of the storm , a uii occurs every third of a second in our country .
statisticallythis , of course , stands to reasonall children born in our country , and in the world for that matter , are conceived during the storm .
statistically , during the storm , there are 1,986 orgasms per second in this country .
that s approximately 180 liters of sperm ejaculated every second , 10,800 liters per minute , 258,200 liters per day ; in other words : over 250 metric tons of sperm , per day , in this country alone .
virtually every independent station in the country had subscribed to the feed , and even quite a few networks affiliates ( which they no doubt would catch hell for when discovered by their respective mother ships ) .
: : 30 : : ( pasadena ) the easiest and most effective way to contain the fire storm that now threatened emotional damage to the whole country , would have been to clearly and unequivocally establish ` ` the rising '' ( as the incident was quickly labeled ) as a hoax .
as a result , much of the media frenzy of the days following the rising speculated not on the nature of the rising - it was a miracle , and confirmed as such by many , that most of the country had observed on live television - but on the true nature of ruth marten .
` ` statistically , buddhism is the fastest growing religion in our country .
if that were to be proven true , what impact would that have on our country , from a religious standpoint ? ''
it is always easier to deny involvement in another country .
and he could see how some elements in his country , or any country for that matter , would nt mind that she went away .
: as the media began putting two and two together and link the ruth marten phenomenon to the near devastating drop in sales nationwide , especially in the big pharma and fast food sectors , every pundit in the country seemed to weigh in with what needed doing to fix this .
i want this country , and the world , to see and hear the truth for themselves , directly , not second- or third - hand via pundits and reporters who more often than not have their own agendas clouding or coloring the issues .
millions of people from all walks of life suddenly refuse to fuel this country with their pursesour products , the heart of this country , are no longer good enough , it seems .
she means to bring this country to its knees , and she is succeeding .
have you seen similar drops in other , more traditionally muslim countries ?
his face was , nonetheless , a household one , since he was broadly acknowledged as the foremost economist in the country .
i am not aware of any civil unrest in this country , or in the world for that matter .
this country would not teeter on the brink of collapse .
we think that is a more compassionate sentence for we do not believe that ruth martens ultimate intentalthough her actions seem to tell us otherwiseis to destroy our country .
we believe that she in her utter disregard for the well - being of the country and its citizens has sought to aggrandize herself , has sought to gain influence and power over the youth of our country , for reasons not entirely clear to us , norwe believeto herself .
politically , philo advocated a religious state , not unlike those we see today in certain muslim countries .
despite the political and ethnic diversity of muslim countries , the core set of islamic beliefs continues to provide the basis for a shared identity and affinity among muslims .
this third council also dispatched missionaries to various countries .
what about a country , what about the president ?
you can be the president of the united states , or of any country you choose .
whichever country you choose .
that is what they do in civilized countries .
the government said that it was promoting development while the skeptics said that the network facilitated the movement of military forces to all parts of the country .
hey , do you think that accountants grow on trees in developing countries ?
do you expect us to drop the story when every other media organ in the country is covering it ?
ten years older than me , a husband that worked to the foreign countries and two children .
it had heirlooms of every epoch and every country , things of value and dump things .
then luca has gone down from the train when they exactly missed four countries to my arrival on the lake .
eve practiced law like a contact sport , determined to make partner in her downtown firm while chris labored in the mines of hi tech , involved in massive efforts with more at stake than the gdps of many small countries .
family connections kept him safe even in the most war torn countries .
your country wo nt let me work here so how do you expect me to pay you two hundred dollars an hour ?
ah , yes , that , too , but they are looking for communists , for people smuggling weapons into the country .
he is a traitor to his country .
the war of 1948 , when the surrounding arab countries declared war on israel , came as a surprise to everyone in the village .
it was nt until the turn of the 20th century when the countries known as they are now within the region were formed that things began to go downhill .
if the other countries had left the palestinians and israelis on their own , the two groups could have lived in peace and prosperity .
my first thought was no wonder the arab countries were in trouble , they re all gay .
the social justice wing of catholicism was all the rage , especially in the poorest countries , where bishops and their priests took to heart the churchs renewed interest in helping the poor and afflicted , regardless even of their own religion .
hell , half the country would pin a medal on this cop if he shot dead an eighteen - year - old college student who was holding two kilos of marijuana .
he grew up in the spotlight while neil was left looking over his shoulder in a dozen countries around the world .
` ` i realize this is democrat country , '' said father packard .
i was going to be too much of a liability serving my country over in vietnam .
some politicians say we ve got to stop violence in this country , while they re spending $ 15,000 a second snuffing gooks .
they re planning to invade your country using gunboats filled with teenage girls !
he expressed this by grooming me to become the next leader of our country .
our country had nationalized most enterprises , and the influx of money was fortuitous for those involved in government .
i ' m not sure that i was ever made a citizen of any country .
the issue date was 1938 , and there were several entry stamps from south american countries .
shortly thereafter , roman military runners arrived with a message stating that each village was to send representatives to pay tribute to the most powerful country of all .
i can not begin to explain how its done but the reason might be to show a country that we can do whatever we want , thereby forcing them to support what we want , or a hurricane or tsunami might be a way of getting public attention away from something the military does nt want them poking into , and get their focus onto a disaster .
the military says to a country you side with us , do what we tell you to do , and we wo nt cause an earthquake at your nuclear power plant , tesla added in an ominous tone .
subtle force causes even opposing countries and governments to join together in a common cause and that is why this facility is under attack .
it was dissolving for the military in every country around the world , and around all of their loved ones and families .
our country is built on questioning , our lives are built on it .
so my brother , civil , came up with the idea of granting generous pensions to the spouses of those killed in action defending their country .
this piece , however , had been rejected by thirty other magazines and newspapers around the country - this time , could i be more proud of my writing than my name ?
after all , does n't obsession come from the root of your country 's ideals / clichs ?
our country has such a proud alcoholic heritage - the nation that drinks together , drinks together .
i have passion for this country , which is why i think it 's such a disgrace sometimes .
a despair for a country that shows real leadership promise but ca n't emerge from the sandpit .
and my own country offers up security problems .
my own opinion of the book remains ; i feel it is one of the greatest works on this country since a.b.p .
your mother country is flexing its muscles again .
the media and the people were fascinated by the sweet , adorable girl , and the video of her playing together with iranian and jewish children helped galvanize the public of all warring countries to reject vengeance and come back from the brink , giving political cover to leaders to end the war .
they argued it was a moral imperative to provide the best possible start for your children , god wanted humanity to constantly improve ourselves and therefore gave us these tools with which to do it , other countries would do it and we needed to follow suit to maintain a competitive edge , it would be un - american to stifle the freedom of parents to develop their children as they saw fit , and the crazy liberals should nt be allowed to determine whether or not our children were smart .
but the cinema he created captivated so many millions across countries and generations that he was owned by them , owned through the presumption that bergman was theirs , theirs through the cinema he created .
all sons and daughters in the royal line were given junior standing and were commissioned to start their diplomatic travel when they came of age , but no daughters were given the honor of the distinct junior title , that title of the kings everlasting confidence , since daughters naturally married into other families within or without the country , taking on different family names .
relief donations coming in from different countries were nt putting a halt to the unrest .
it is in both ours and our allys best interest that that country comes back to order .
though the manner of the first was in no way ungracious or even uninterested toward her , constance could tell that his being here was simply an ambassadorial responsibility he was fulfilling for his country , with no other designs attached .
domen = doe - main feallengod ( fallen good ) = fay - all - ayn - goad ggnian ( rejoice ) = gag - nee - ahn ocean heofon ( heaven ) = hay - oh - fone ecealdor ( everlasting life ) = ache - ay - all - door coren ( chosen ) = coe - rain blawan ( blow ) = blah - wahn dgrd - el ( gods dawn ) = dag - rad - ale gelic - el ( like god ) = gay - leek - ale mgen - el ( strength of god ) = mag - ayn - ale andsc cirice ( he who strives church ) = ahnd - sak kee - reek - ay secanbearn ( seeks child ) = say - cahn - bairn liesan ( redeemed ) = lee - ay - sahn bregdan ( draw out ) = brayg - dahn fela ( many ) = fay - lah mann , cynn draca ( mankind dragon ) = mahn coon drah - kah beorn feohtan ( man fights ) = bay - orn fay - oh - tahn cwen feohtan ( woman fights ) = kwain fay - oh - tahn begietan feohtan ( acquired ) = bay - git - ahn fay - oh - tahn hatan feohtan ( named ) = hah - tahn fay - oh - tahn astigan feohtan ( ascends ) = ah - stee - gahn fay - oh - tahn fulwiht ( baptism ) = fool - weet tweard ( two countries ) = tway - ahrd aberan eft ( born again ) = ah - bay - rahn ayft gastgedal ( death , separation of soul and body ) = gahst - gay - dahl you ca nt count what is nt there some days it just does nt pay to be alive .
the enlightenment helped humanity break free from this stranglehold and the enlightened countries of western europe led a new phase of economic and general prosperity that has spread over increasing swathes of the world .
codes of ethics , vary from country to country .
codes of ethics , vary from country to country .
this variation is due to differences in cultural and ethnic make up of those countries .
what is acceptable in one country may be unacceptable in another .
specifically dr davenport , in your country , is the application of hyperpeep ethical , given the current state of animal research in this area ?
a twenty - inch cable bust and they using a sixteen - inch , so is the whole country they sufferin , enlightened a man on my right .
her comments lead the class on to a discussion of the impossibility of building a life in this country without the privileges of citizenship granted to children born in this country .
her comments lead the class on to a discussion of the impossibility of building a life in this country without the privileges of citizenship granted to children born in this country .
its all for the marbles , so to speak : honor and country and all that .
in the days before 9/11 , he would have let her through the locked doors without a second thought ; but this courthouse , like so many across the country , followed security protocols that were detailed and prudent .
our market , especially in season - ings , remember , seasonings is were our profits lie , our market will grow with the country .
you know , i love your countries movies , especially the older ones , the big sleep , double indemnity , they re great .
you ll all receive full pay for helping to escort this bad influence out of our country .
once there was a global convention on womens right and women of all ages from countries all over the world had gathered to discuss measures and action for betterment of womens plight , especially working out a plan to protect them from the torture of men folk .
this makes more enemies for the country and creates confused friends , utkarsh said .
for a month munson traveled the country , briefing other executives about his companys accomplishment , meeting with senators , patting backs , shaking hands , and getting himself on the cover of every trade magazine money could buy .
companies in this country are saying , look , we wo nt move to mexico , but you ve got to be willing to cut back a little , to not try to squeeze everything out of us .
i realize right now most companies in our country treat their employees like things to be used and discardedin fact i recently read that the average company is geared toward keeping its employees for only five years nowbut deep down we all know that s crap .
indeed , the cultural eyeblink that was americas transition from flame to light bulb trumpeted sparta - by - the - seas heyday : the flag came from the days when the country moved from horse to auto , from still photos to silent movies , from a tentative , expanding nation to a country ready to flex its muscles on the world stage .
he had read reports from other countries of an increase in crime with the rise of freedom .
he wondered if the speakers were all come to study at the university , or simply to relax in an inexpensive and fledgling country that would certainly welcome all the foreign interest it could get .
` ` yes , '' dr . wong replied , ` ` that 's absolutely true , but in the scandinavian countries , those numbers are inverted . ''
shed considered presenting the used wonz to other countries but richard had said britain could nt be beaten as a place to break bands , and to approach other countries would appear as an admission of defeat .
shed considered presenting the used wonz to other countries but richard had said britain could nt be beaten as a place to break bands , and to approach other countries would appear as an admission of defeat .
here he was , the sole representative of his country in the race .
it was just a bloody great waste trying to protect this country .
anyhow , in poor countries , apparently hanging is the most popular method to kill your self because of the cheapness and availability of rope .
other than the obvious classification of caribbean countries , sakkaras research revealed that both grenada and barbados had received an influx of irish workers during slavery times .
in some countries we know the tree that sheds its leaf is the variety , but that does not make it less amazing that the same soil and sun should nurture plants so widely differing .
on this occasion , the group focused on the current state of the country .
that s why two percent of the population supply ninety percent of the child prostitutes in this country .
what is left to do in a country raised to hate what hated to help them grow ?
this is what it must be like in those far off countries outside of the war .
woman can vote in other countries like america she says .
he notes down the names of the girls who are late on his clipboard and mutters things about how they are letting everyone down with their ` ` unpatriotic tardy ideas '' and ` ` do n't you know your duty to king and country ? ''
you describe the awful scenes of death that you encounter whilst you carry out your duty to king and country .
they have soaked up the fine words of duty and king and country ; those fine words that describe the beauty of war , words that entice with their talk of the transition to strength and manhood .
i have learnt so much from m. did you know that there is a massive support network of women against the war in lots of other countries ?
we have been so right to ban any country from ever having them again .
what i would really like to know from you is what resources we have here that would be useful to the wealthier , more developed countries .
when you open trade with other countries , you put yourselves at the risk of domination by a stronger military power .
first they would trade with nearby villages and then develop trade routes with larger countries ( in truth , q knew this to be a dangerous proposition , for it would surely serve to spark a military or political takeover of yami by a superior power , but if the matter was capably - handled from the very start , no blood needed necessarily be shed on account of it ; at the moment , however , his attentions were directed more towards commercial matters than those which were political ) .
mon seigneur - q hired teams of skilled prospectors from foreign countries to seek out valuable minerals in the nearby area .
yet , now the borders between countries have become tighter and endless pushing matches between the zeroes of each societal matrix have become commonplace .
there would be no country from which to expatriate .
the excess population drags down third world countries and they ca nt develop .
they do nt grow up fast enough and other developed countries must support them , and that means dragging us down with them .
this country would have to stop wasting fuel and food .
i figured there were so many people from different countries that it would be easy to get served and i went to the closest bar .
i might want to travel next year , to some of the countries i ve been learning about .
what countries ?
i am a son of many countries , which do nt require me to fight for them .
i ca nt just forget my heritage , my responsibility to the countries which birthed me and which do require my help .
i suppose most countries feel that way , simon politely stated .
chad said , i still ca nt believe this country just got television in january .
what do you yanks make of our country so far ?
what you will find in our country right now is increasing fear .
this is the national partys plan to turn homelands into independent countries .
is this a country at war ?
you want this country to be thrown into a terrorist war like rhodesia ?
do i live in a racist country ?
she married four times , men from four different countries , and she outlived them all .
they are as corrupt as can be , let me tell you , getting paid money for what goes on the radio and lying about contests and by buying their products you only perpetuate their hold on our country .
the last time they met at an alumnus function , there was no more talk about hybrid , high - yield grains or crop irrigation systems in underdeveloped , third world countries .
but , truth be told , they re just a symptom of what s ailing this country .
i bought a eurrail passtwenty - one countries over six weeks .
he waved a copy of fodors essential europe , the best of 16 exceptional countries under his daughters nose .
already got a list , country by country .
already got a list , country by country .
small countries felt vulnerable to outside interference and this she could appreciate .
her time in the archive office had made her aware of fatalities from falling coconuts comparable on a per capita basis with road accidents in industrialised countries .
aid to the pacific was quite a hot topic among donor countries and i had nothing to lose but a lot to gain .
in overseas countries , we have to work at the bottom of the ladder and send the money home .
volunteer labour in developing countries - a doubtful blessing , opined the headline under the pseudonym patriot .
he was distraught that such an act of terrorism could occur in new zealand and apparently at the hands of an allied country because two french agents had been picked up as suspects .
privately he expressed concern at the incursions by big power players which were intended to create zones of influence , so any countries which were economically deprived would find it hard to resist the money which came with these zones .
the pacific island countries rallied in support , but the french colonies were predictably absent from that consensus .
new zealand would be the first country to know thanks to the time zone and there would be widespread worry because so many local expatriates lived there and would fear for their families .
we are better off now with the extra help from donor countries , mr telefono smiled in recollection .
but it was in september of 1963 , consequently the second last month of their stay in east pakistan , when they met with a threatening incident , which divided a girl from her country before it should become victorious .
the conduct was commonplace in a country such as this .
the country will rejoice in achieving independence .
love is a luxury in your country , but here we can not to afford it .
besides , their interference has never done the country any good .
granted , it was not the equal of heathrow , but for a country , which has been independent for only forty - years , the structure was very impressive .
it is the custom of this country .
the country needs both men and women to run the economy .
besides , it is not the custom of the country to send daughters and wives to work .
if , as a woman , she can govern the country , why can you not start a career as a designer ?
they are running a thoughtful scheme for the benefit of third world countries .
are nt you impressed with the help we are getting from the developed countries ?
are you not grateful that the wealthy in the developed country will donate their worn shoes so slarck can fund our childrens education ?
are you not happy that the government does nothing to improve our future , but shamelessly depends on the worn shoes of the developed country ?
the improvement of the country does not depend on the quality of ones degree .
the government will not take the necessary measures to improve the country , he states .
the funds are available to better the country , but if they spend it for our benefit , how will they then fund their lifestyle ?
shabuls father being a councillor began a conversation about the political state of the country .
it was not the custom of the country to talk openly of affectionate gestures between a husband and wife .
until the government does not realise the ineffectiveness of providing charity to its people , this country will not progress .
the exposition came as a shock , despite the plight of the country being no secret .
he had the liberty of belonging to two very different countries .
the country was suffering from political instability .
if everyone leaves the country , then who will help this country ?
because i foolishly studied hard in a country where education is of no value ?
his concern should only be about governing the country .
in a country where an unmarried girl of marriageable age can only hold a relationship as someones granddaughter , daughter , niece or sister , i share a room with her .
such conduct was acceptable in english countries , but here it can give rise to grave speculation .
the late senator raul roco was the best president the country never had .
she concluded : cardinal sin united the country to depose a president though a bloodless revolution that captured the worlds imagination .
he told us that the separation of church and state ends where loyalty to the country begins .
there was a war in one country , a famine in another , and a local politician was convicted .
how can i keep loaded trucks moving product across the country ?
the united states is the only country on earth that legalized abortion by a 7 to 2 vote of a court , even though the court ruling overturned abortion laws made by millions of people in almost all 50 states .
do nt forget that we are in an authoritarian country , said boris , like the old soviet union .
he spoke about the endearing values of freedom that were shared between the 2 countries , and he managed to make a good case of this without really understanding that the us version of freedom always came with riders .
nakul nodded , this deal is going to be by far the biggest that we ve ever done , why , i think this is going to be one of the key tech deals in the country this year !
if everybody looked at politics as if they demanded an inspired vocation , the business of the country would never get done .
men followed me from one country to another .
it was at the only nonprofit that had gotten back to me , an international kids charity that seemed to do everything under the sun , from feeding starving children in developing countries to educating the needy in the inner cities ( as pulled from their website ) .
` ` yeah , it kind of has a dual meaning '' wells continued : ` ` extradition obviously means when someone is forcibly removed from one country to another , and that kind of ties in with the way i feel about this country right now ; that it 's become this new thatcher - ite state that i have no say in .
i am not at war with you our countries fight i guess it 's true but i am mother , daughter , son i never bludgeoned anyone but now you ' ve raised the game of death will mankind breathe its final breath ?
one book dedicated hundreds of pages to detailed explanations of the treatment of prisoners of war in various countries .
its a free country , in case you ve been in that high - rise cocoon for too long .
very likely he was right now in the act of some monstrous betrayal of his country and only she could save him from himself .
` ` i 'll need a slogan to give a distinctive touch to my campaign something to really daze the people into believing i 'll save the country . ''
some countries received multiple comedians and others received one , in proportion to their populations .
political correctness will be the death of humor in this country .
# # # deep in the beanbag chair , god read newspapers from every country in the world .
it was nt just countries at war that were burning .
a columnist wrote that gun violence was creating a world - wide diaspora filled with wandering children who had lost parents and countries in the fighting .
where the number of people in the average parade was not larger than some countries .
and he had really enjoyed the food : one of his favorites , little shoes , melitzanes papoutsakia from the old country and a demi - glass of an assyrtiko dry white .
sterling is yet another generation removed from having feelings for the old country .
sterling , himself , does not see much use in such a law ; he prefers the way that many european countries deal with the subject : ignoring it .
it is a system in which presidents are voted into power and kept hand tied by an opposition of congressmen elected for that requisition ; it is a country awash in guns and gun violence that is enshrined in constitutional liberties that have no chance of ever being amended ; it is a society in which the hubris to be god - commissioned , global police officers has altered it , even more than its entitlements , into a debtor nation , and wealth is siphoned so fully into one class that eventually the majority will become so poor that they will no longer be able to buy their services , and industry will collapse altogether .
such a system would also reduce this state of affairs in which democracy engendered capitalism provides a sense of false security as though money can rejuvenate youth and stave off death , and foremost , it delivers a country from political stalemate and inaction which is the death of any stateor , at least , this is what i think .
in any case , surely in the immediate future with fewer physical burdens and more likelihood of individuals who are not felled in the negative vicissitudes of life living full and active lives until entropy at last sets in to a hurried demise and even a quicker hastening of the breakdown of this seemingly solid substance of man to the elements , as though god were on this planet and eager to erase the foolish cartoon he had doodled before someone important came along and saw it , the majority of individuals in developed countries in particular will no longer need archaic strictures meant to stay out of gods wrath or to delude themselves that they are communing with saints , prophets , and gods of yesteryear .
here , democracy is gone , as inevitably it would be with the two polarized and intransigent sides this large and in continual gridlock , and corruption as rampant as it is ( one side democratically elected with the guise , the guile , of false populist promises but legitimately garnering the will of the people , and the other the artifice of a more professional elite , chugging and shunting the train into the 21st century with a new engine , but corrupt and incapable of winning enough parliamentary seats for anything but a court mandated premiership , and this imbroglio , until now , ever tilting the country closer into that oblivion of becoming a failed state ) .
and yet this military coup , or stratocracy long active behind the scenes , has been summarily condemned by america and the world community as though any sick democracy that is active , when common sense would suggest it should be forced to lie down in quarantine , is better than none at all ; that there are no countries with radicalized religious elements predominate in the entire populace -- countries to which it would not be in the worlds best interest to allow them to become democracies ; that there has never been cogent and emotive declamation in ancient athens in their pure democracy and for us in our own impure ones that has altered this experiment into dangerous demagoguery of the worst and most beguiling kind by stroking sentiments of patriotism and prejudices as attested most horrendously early on in the athenians reaction to the alleged disloyalty of mytilene of lesbos during the peloponnesian war ; 97that a tyrannical force would not be necessary to abrogate the right to bear arms in countries to which guns are legal and the countries spiraling into ever worsening violence with every year that passes ; that no decisions were ever made for the popularity and the good of political careers , and that all laws and their execution are done for that which is right for the long - term good of a given country ; or that there are never scenarios in which a military should protect its citizens from a democracy .
and yet this military coup , or stratocracy long active behind the scenes , has been summarily condemned by america and the world community as though any sick democracy that is active , when common sense would suggest it should be forced to lie down in quarantine , is better than none at all ; that there are no countries with radicalized religious elements predominate in the entire populace -- countries to which it would not be in the worlds best interest to allow them to become democracies ; that there has never been cogent and emotive declamation in ancient athens in their pure democracy and for us in our own impure ones that has altered this experiment into dangerous demagoguery of the worst and most beguiling kind by stroking sentiments of patriotism and prejudices as attested most horrendously early on in the athenians reaction to the alleged disloyalty of mytilene of lesbos during the peloponnesian war ; 97that a tyrannical force would not be necessary to abrogate the right to bear arms in countries to which guns are legal and the countries spiraling into ever worsening violence with every year that passes ; that no decisions were ever made for the popularity and the good of political careers , and that all laws and their execution are done for that which is right for the long - term good of a given country ; or that there are never scenarios in which a military should protect its citizens from a democracy .
and yet this military coup , or stratocracy long active behind the scenes , has been summarily condemned by america and the world community as though any sick democracy that is active , when common sense would suggest it should be forced to lie down in quarantine , is better than none at all ; that there are no countries with radicalized religious elements predominate in the entire populace -- countries to which it would not be in the worlds best interest to allow them to become democracies ; that there has never been cogent and emotive declamation in ancient athens in their pure democracy and for us in our own impure ones that has altered this experiment into dangerous demagoguery of the worst and most beguiling kind by stroking sentiments of patriotism and prejudices as attested most horrendously early on in the athenians reaction to the alleged disloyalty of mytilene of lesbos during the peloponnesian war ; 97that a tyrannical force would not be necessary to abrogate the right to bear arms in countries to which guns are legal and the countries spiraling into ever worsening violence with every year that passes ; that no decisions were ever made for the popularity and the good of political careers , and that all laws and their execution are done for that which is right for the long - term good of a given country ; or that there are never scenarios in which a military should protect its citizens from a democracy .
and yet this military coup , or stratocracy long active behind the scenes , has been summarily condemned by america and the world community as though any sick democracy that is active , when common sense would suggest it should be forced to lie down in quarantine , is better than none at all ; that there are no countries with radicalized religious elements predominate in the entire populace -- countries to which it would not be in the worlds best interest to allow them to become democracies ; that there has never been cogent and emotive declamation in ancient athens in their pure democracy and for us in our own impure ones that has altered this experiment into dangerous demagoguery of the worst and most beguiling kind by stroking sentiments of patriotism and prejudices as attested most horrendously early on in the athenians reaction to the alleged disloyalty of mytilene of lesbos during the peloponnesian war ; 97that a tyrannical force would not be necessary to abrogate the right to bear arms in countries to which guns are legal and the countries spiraling into ever worsening violence with every year that passes ; that no decisions were ever made for the popularity and the good of political careers , and that all laws and their execution are done for that which is right for the long - term good of a given country ; or that there are never scenarios in which a military should protect its citizens from a democracy .
and yet this military coup , or stratocracy long active behind the scenes , has been summarily condemned by america and the world community as though any sick democracy that is active , when common sense would suggest it should be forced to lie down in quarantine , is better than none at all ; that there are no countries with radicalized religious elements predominate in the entire populace -- countries to which it would not be in the worlds best interest to allow them to become democracies ; that there has never been cogent and emotive declamation in ancient athens in their pure democracy and for us in our own impure ones that has altered this experiment into dangerous demagoguery of the worst and most beguiling kind by stroking sentiments of patriotism and prejudices as attested most horrendously early on in the athenians reaction to the alleged disloyalty of mytilene of lesbos during the peloponnesian war ; 97that a tyrannical force would not be necessary to abrogate the right to bear arms in countries to which guns are legal and the countries spiraling into ever worsening violence with every year that passes ; that no decisions were ever made for the popularity and the good of political careers , and that all laws and their execution are done for that which is right for the long - term good of a given country ; or that there are never scenarios in which a military should protect its citizens from a democracy .
regarding scripture , are these story books ( to some degree plagiarized at that with the story of noah evoking important similarities to the epic of gilgamesh,127 certain psalms to the great hymn of aten,128 and moses parting the waters to pharaoh snefrus court magician doing the same to retrieve a lost amulet belonging to a member of the royal harem,129 and scriptures of various belief systems in asian countries no doubt the same conflation of fancy and plagiarisms ) the best guidebooks that god can develop for the operation of the human mechanism ?
the summer soldier and the sunshine patriot will , in this crisis , shrink from the service of their country .
she told us that tom paine was an important person in the revolutionary war and he served his country by helping kick out those dang redcoats .
and , every fan in the bleachers that night knew the sacrifice that chopper made for his country .
but the whole industry is controlled by the mob and i will not give my money to them so that they can corrupt this country .
we have to fight the war machine that is built in this country .
i was the one who whispered into the ear of the greatest leader this country has ever known .
the only other nsdap member besides hitler to get a portfolio was wilhelm frick , who was given the relatively powerless interior ministry ( in germany at the time , most powers wielded by the interior minister in other countries were held by the interior ministers of the states ) .
on 2 may , stormtroopers ransacked and destroyed every trade union office in the country , and 4 may the christian trade unions and all other unions vowed allegiance to hitler .
however , after re - assurances from hitler that germany was only interested in peace , no country took any action to stop this development and german re - armament continued .
with the end of the winter war , the allies determined that any occupation of norway or sweden would likely do more harm than good , possibly driving the neutral countries into alliance with germany .
by 28 may , the german invasion of france and the low countries had immensely altered the overall situation of the war and the importance of norway was considerably lessened .
hitler pointed out that if so , germanys victory would be even cheaper , while it would be an enormous blow to the reputation of the entente , to have abandoned the low countries .
in april 1940 , for strategic reasons , the germans launched operation weserbung , an attack on the neutral countries of denmark and norway .
should the low countries by that date still not have committed themselves to the allied cause , the entente firmly intended to violate their neutrality if necessary .
the first was that it was politically unthinkable to abandon the low countries to their fate , however prudent it might be from an operational point of view .
the iraqi rebellion on the cusp of the iraqi rebellion , the british had a limited presence in country .
the british were forced to dismantle tariffs and restrictions on investment between the two countries and their empires , and to compensate the germans and italians in kind for axis merchant shipping lost during the war .
the french were also forced to dismantle tariffs and restrictions on investment between the two countries .
in the spring of 1941 , the soviet union was by no means a weak country .
jews must be removed from the territory of the general government as quickly as possible , since it is especially here that the jew as an epidemic carrier represents an extreme danger and on the other hand he is causing permanent chaos in the economic structure of the country through continued black market dealings .
after hitler came to power in 1933 , he immediately began making overtures towards the various nazi and pro - nazi organizations in german - speaking countries ( particularly austria and switzerland ) .the fhrer warned against the possibility of germany ending her days as a second switzerland , serving others as a slave nation .
federal councilor philipp etter resolved that : the armed defense of the country is a primary and substantial task of the state .
the mental defense of the country falls primarily not on the state but on the citizen .
in order to help boost the economy and lower the governmental budget , hitler allowed for a demobilization of reich forces , selling obsolete weapons and vehicles to other countries .
names of countries .
yaeko had just returned from another international tour , visiting such places as moscow , russia , and johannesburg , south africa , where she met the leaders of both countries , both of whom seemed to hold her in the same reverence as her most enthusiastic fans back home .
you are the king of your country now ?
you , the ruler of a country .
why did nt aedan simply blast these countries and their navies into ashes like he did the gyssian dreadnoughts ?
could i watch her die thousands of times in the service of my country ?
but let us not allow the outside world entry into our country .
we are here to think about the future of our country .
someone who will be of great influence in our country , following in the footsteps of your illustrious father who is most concerned about the future .
to meet more people , from different walks of life , from different countries , different religions .
next she reported on the goodwill and friendship mission to mali , niger , senegal and the ivory coast , she declined a place on the first official polish visit to these countries but she wrote up the record for her journal .
translated into a number of languages and published in several countries in what were , for the time , huge editions , they made bienkowski famous as perhaps the greatest explorer and traveller of his age .
was it possible , i thought , that at last a country , this little country of africa , would oppose itself to the gadarene process of these last three decades ( i would say three , not two : because all this began in the thirties ) might one still hope that the rot would be stemmed , the destructive process held and turned back ?
i appreciate what you say and i am very glad to know that you feel the polish forces have an important role to play in the defence of this country . '
he asked churchill to ' include poland among the countries which they are prepared to assist with credits and military equipment needed for the new fighting units ' .
and ended ' i am convinced my dear prime minister , you will understand and sympathise with this point of view , and not refuse your help in all these vital matters for the future of my country ' .
yet it is difficult to see how this equation between sikorski and his country could have been avoided .
the opportunities for trade and co - operation between the countries of western and eastern europe are far from being explored .
to help defend our country .
there are some grounds for believing that the elimination of an upper class at a more developed stage can be a disaster for a country : and most certainly when the removal is due to the intervention of another nation .
stalin 's slogan was one which julius nyerere favoured : ` ` socialism in one country '' which gave the rationale for the social and economic transformation of the ussr through a series of five year plans .
societal possibilities economic success economy and globalization immigration and citizenship our democratic voting no welfare state taxes accumulated income education libraries and museums the arts school sports ethnic and religious factors in a society social class and ethnicity in our country what is social justice ?
the colonies was a rather new country by international standards .
it developed as citizens from one of the larger countries became much more vociferous about having freedom in their lives and minimum government .
or in the more modern countries it was money , passed along with the power that it brings , that gave an aristocracy of ' argent . '
rich individuals and countries lent money to those countries that were considered good risks .
rich individuals and countries lent money to those countries that were considered good risks .
we have a companion country where we can send noncitizens .
they did nt realize that norway and denmark are different countries .
look at the ignorant voters in your country who vote in representatives who do nt have a clue as to how to solve your nations problems.they often expect more social welfare perks while they want their taxes reduced . ''
it certainly is okay for your own young men and those of other countries to be killed in wars or police actions .
responsibility ` ` in our country we are only concerned with liberty .
for example we are allowed to take drugs , drugs that would be illegal in your country , but if your drug taking somehow affects others , we stop you .
the idea of freedom has been allowed in the economic realm in most countries , but equality has ruled the social realm .
then there was pressure to take in people from other countries who were threatened by their regimes -- thinking that not only people in your society were equal but that people in other societies were equal to you .
but in your socialist equalitarian countries the story is much more likely to end this way .
people in your countries are told repeatedly that smoking is bad for their health .
as opposed to your country , all teachers in public or private schools must be certified by the state .
` ` i might mention here that our only foreign aid goes to increasing equality of opportunity in different countries of the world .
while it is worse in the third world countries , it exists in all countries .
while it is worse in the third world countries , it exists in all countries .
but it is not just educational equality of opportunity that holds back countries , just about anything that limits people 's freedom is a brake on progress .
it is a country that wants to be accepted as an equal in the west .
winning your political battles is far more important than winning for your country .
other countries , notably those in scandinavia but alsothose in the more developed states of the eu , emphasize equality as being the primary constituent of justice .
i think that the multiparty approach in the scandinavian countries is a pretty good approach .
but how do you keep the excess capacity of a producing country to not feel an economic downturn ?
sweat houses not only exist in third world countries but we find them in our own country .
if it means giving the people a better life quickly , no country has done a better job in this short period of time than china .
she is also against the protectionism that some countries use to keep out african products .
their cards are usable as long as they are in the country legally .
` ` yours is the only country i know that allows for citizenship because the person 's mother happened to be in your country for a day or two , or even an hour or two .
every country who has taken in lower - class people , whether they were workers or asylum - seekers , find that their crime rates go up , the welfare costs go up , and that their assimilation into the society is next to impossible .
in your country the right wing tea party has fixing the illegal immigration situation as one of its major objectives .
when the prosperous countries are controlling their populations and working to provide jobs for them , why must those countries try to right the mistakes of the overpopulated underdeveloped countries that are not taking responsibility for their own citizens ?
when the prosperous countries are controlling their populations and working to provide jobs for them , why must those countries try to right the mistakes of the overpopulated underdeveloped countries that are not taking responsibility for their own citizens ?
when the prosperous countries are controlling their populations and working to provide jobs for them , why must those countries try to right the mistakes of the overpopulated underdeveloped countries that are not taking responsibility for their own citizens ?
just look at your own country , killing itself from within by welcoming people with the same skill level that built your country 150 years ago .
every language that is used as a primary language in the country tends to split the country .
every language that is used as a primary language in the country tends to split the country .
` ` in your country is it true that since your black and hispanics drop out of school far more often and are imprisoned more often than your anglos and asians it is merely a matter of prejudice ?
` ` do you think that when your fastest - growing population groups are the least educated , that your country will be better off because of it ?
the children of our citizens have a better chance because our education system is so much better and so much longer than in other country .
we have many educated and industrious people from many countries who come to us .
we elect representatives , like most democratic countries do , but we hold a good deal of power with the people .
as you have heard , some countries give everyone one vote but give additional votes for more knowledge and political competence .
i know you are not a welfare state but on the international rankings i have seen you are not rated among the bottom countries in terms of inequality .
naturally the scandinavian countries come up at the top of the list .
so a number of countries across the world are now transferring cash to their poorest citizens .
` ` your generous welfare countries had better follow the example of those who are trying to reform .
a couple of these countries have even gone so far as to take the babies away from their mothers and put them up for adoption .
` ` one fundamental difference between us and most of the western countries is that we recognize that death is going to occur and it is not society 's duty to prolong every life -- or even any life .
i recently saw a survey of a number of countries and when the question was asked about whether the people were satisfied with their standard of living americans came out 28th on the list .
in fact they were about 84th on that list countries you just mentioned in terms of saving .
but i did see another survey that showed that among the world 's largest countries you are only second behind germany .
we have dropped from number one to number 12 in college graduation rates among developed countries .
our infrastructure is ranked 23rd in the world , behind every advanced country .
we have the most guns and the highest crime rate among the rich countries .
they can downsize operations , move to other countries or to other areas in the same country , but the workers are limited in their options .
if you 're going to be an equalitarian country , you really should have had a government option for health insurance .
i guess this can be explained by having to compete with lower wage workers in other countries .
how do you handle taxation in this libertarian country ?
in your country it is true that the rich pay most of the income taxes .
so our needs for taxes are significantly reduced from just about every other country .
this is less than singapore 's 13 % which is one of the lower taxed countries .
while you need about 36 % of your gdp to run your country , we get by on about 10 % .
you pay about 30 % of your gdp to run your country plus the 6 % interest you must pay on what you borrowed .
we would never borrow to run our country .
we have no excise taxes , personal wealth taxes , import duties or any other the other taxes you might find in other countries .
we have become a mecca for shoppers around the world because our 3 % value added tax is so much less than is found in many countries .
most of your european countries are charging 20 to 25 % for vat .
in your country your religious ministers get big tax breaks , for example if their home is part of their salary it is not taxed under your tax codes .
this is typical of big corporations in your country . ''
i ' m not an economist so i do n't know if we should not tax corporations and have more international corporations coming to our country employing our people or whether we should tax them , and if so it should be high taxes or local tax ?
another advantage of doing it the way we do , by having a simple 1 % tax on all income , it reduces much of the cost of collecting taxes , which for your country is in excess of $ 13 billion a year to collect your 2.7 trillion dollars .
the bush tax cuts were a major factor in the increased deficit of the country .
i hate to disagree with you tyler , but i do n't see enough equality in our country .
when i started following the politics in your country just before the turn of the century , your special interests had spent a half billion dollars on lobbyists .
our country was already paying more for health care than any other country but was getting less in return .
our country was already paying more for health care than any other country but was getting less in return .
` ` in your country , a number of years ago you got about 6/10 of one percent of your total taxes with an estate tax .
` ` our reason for this is that since our taxes are so low during life , it allows the citizen to earn much more money they can in any other country , then spend and enjoy the money they earned , the taxes need to be paid after death .
` ` in your country last year there were only 56,000 tax returns dealing with the estate tax .
in our country everyone has some estate tax due .
so in our country our ' end of life ' tax provides almost 70 % of our total taxes .
in your country the amount of inheritance that your baby boomer population will inherit is about $ 11.6 trillion , about $ 64,000 per person .
i just do n't think your country is acting in a financially prudent way .
another thing , can your university graduates go to other countries after college or must they stay for a while and pay off their debts ?
they can then be sold within the country or to interests outside the country .
they can then be sold within the country or to interests outside the country .
our government , as the stock owner , decides what price it will get for the stock and whether it will be sold within or without the country .
we had been beaten so bad by so many countries using their national curricula and our local school leadership was so backward so often .
like most countries , here in the colonies we have a national curriculum in terms of what information should be passed on .
` ` it seems that in your country you do nt recognize that by improving education at the primary and secondary levels you will eventually reap great rewards in your sciences and businesses .
in all other countries when a person obtains a phd degree it is a research degree , but most of the jobs are in teaching in universities .
- '' as college education has become more common in our country the level of the entering student and the graduating student has lessened .
` ` as in the more advanced countries , we decided that we need to increase the number of universities we have .
a number of countries have initiated quotas for women , usually in the 30 % range for parliament .
i think that the difference between our countries is that we are much better educated so we have more ability to sort out the facts .
actually i think both systems should be in all countries .
as an advanced country you should be watching pro football from august to february , college football from august to january , basketball from october to may , baseball from march through october , then you would have an occasional major competition in swimming , track , soccer , horse racing , boxing , along with the olympics and a number of other sports programs .
i think it 's more about having happy citizens living harmoniously in our country .
` ` you know that the constitution never mentions god or jesus and the founding fathers were scared to death that any religion , particularly the catholics , would take over our country .
it seems that in your country you have allowed a great deal of freedom in the economic area , given the unbelievable tax breaks you have given to corporations and rich people , but you have also given money to the poor people to keep them from revolting .
in our country we think it is even more true because of the equality of opportunity we give to our citizens .
if they had a value - added tax on everything , as many european countries do , they could pick up at least some of their expenses through taxes .
i think that the greed of the rich , like in your country , may be too powerful to counteract .
when i see people fleeing their own countries in order to better their lives , i applaud them .
the problem of course is that no country is big enough or rich enough to take care of all of the people of the world who deserve some help .
you may think this is wrong but how do you judge people in your own country ?
in fact much of our export business is in providing the expertise and the products for these energy sources to other countries .
from their point of view , the primary role of government is to police the streets , protect private property , and protect the country from external threats .
in america that means preserving the christian religion , in muslim countries it means conserving islam .
certainly there are countries , and i ' m thinking primarily of norway , that have a large welfare state for its population , take in a number of refugees , and give a great deal of money in foreign aid .
i would agree that the scandinavian countries are more geared to looking at most people as equals , but we are not at the other end of the continuum .
i do n't know of any country that allows for the possibility of this better than we do in the colonies .
because no one has all of these attributes many of the so - called advanced countries are shrinking their mental boundaries and becoming more nationalistic .
as i remember , in around 2010 and 2011 several european countries began moves to tighten the reins on the illegals in their countries .
in the 90s more countries joined .
but when it was found that people could get into one country legally or illegally then travel to any other country without a passport , more welfare frauds and crime entered the relatively peaceful european countries .
our country 's constitution was based more on the french ' rights of man ' than on your american constitution .
one is that democracy is not the only way to run a country .
first , if you are going to let religion into your country as a major principle for its values , you really must let all religions in .
` ` you have so many people in your country who do n't have a clue about history .
they seem to believe that your country was founded on christian principles .
since the catholic schools were the major beneficiaries , by far , i can see why those five catholic judges ruled for their church -- and against the democratic principles of the country and the separation of church and state .
i think of your students who get inferior educations as being in the same boat as those in third world countries or in countries where they only learn the bible or the koran .
i think of your students who get inferior educations as being in the same boat as those in third world countries or in countries where they only learn the bible or the koran .
just like the third world countries ' students , your students are hobbled in their educational handicaps , in their lack of knowledge or in their dubious knowledge of things that are not true .
the children of citizens in our country get a pretty good shot at it .
should we rank all the people in the world according to intelligence and their work ethics then let them choose the country they prefer ?
` ` you probably know that the top five percent of us households hold 63 percent of the entire country 's wealth .
so your equalitarian country does not seem to be all that equal .
but when the debt becomes too large the country must repudiate the debts and declare bankruptcy , as france has done several times .
if a country is industrious and can grow its economy sufficiently , it may be able to pay off its debts .
religion and subsidies - '' what about religion in your country ?
( 19 ) we just took her ideas , internationalized them , and sold them to governments and philanthropists as better methods of foreign aid than just giving money to the countries presidents .
however not all third world countries were interested in having their youth better educated .
in fact many countries buy from us for their own foreign aid charities .
i ' m sure that about every advanced country has their laws available on the internet .
tyler , what about gun control in your country ?
our people are aware that the more guns a country has , the more murders there are .
it was one thing in the late 1700s to have a musket so that you could protect the country against another war with england .
is there any level of gun violence that would make our country tighten up ourfreedom to carry guns ?
those countries are intent on showing the world that their equalitarian path to justice is superior to our idea of justice based on inequality and liberty .
in another case it might be outsourcing the production to a country that can produce it more cheaply .
another example of structural change can be seen where the middle classes of countries are increasing and are buying more goods -- and those goods and services may be provided more cheaply if they re made near to the buyers .
but they also reduced shipments to all other countries .
along with that is the fact that you do n't have as many babies as other countries so you do not need to provide them with jobs by the time they are 18 or 20 .
just about every western country made promises to society that they could n't keep .
but naturally i assume that our country will survive .
but i guess every country believes the same thing .
i ' ve heard of some of the polygamist cults in your country that allow for underage marriages and incest .
` ` i have to admit that we have debated along with some other countries how much to tax for a child license .
the east asian countries have been investing more in these essential things than the europeans and americans for over 15 years .
` ` it seems to be quite common in your country to allow pension funds to project earnings from investments when those earnings are only hypothetical .
the more advanced countries are quite grateful to those who have gone before .
here again we deal with freedom and responsibility while your country seems to deal with the hope of equality and an evening out of responsibilities so that few people are held accountable for their actions .
in other countries about a third of their prison populations are noncitizens .
eight countries already have such facilities .
so maybe there is a solution that our country can use somewhere .
these differing values evolved from the differing roots of surfing in both countries .
for differences , common responses referred to surfing style and the physical differences of surfers in the two countries : american surfers surf more powerfully than japanese surfers , physique , power and body .
democracies and dictatorships.there are countries at war .
its to break up the coitiongovernment that s been running this country - badly !
always having wars , always takingterritory from other species in its own interest and creaming offthe wealth of countries such as ours .
there s no democracyfor the cats - not like in our country , however inefficient .
its chairman rupert , the leader of the illicit party and president of his own country which he s renamed - modestly i m sure !
how can a classless four - thumbed animal like him claim so much self - importance that he should name an entire country after himself ?
now the party is one of the biggest in the country .
in his own country , he has made his way from the leader of just one of countless fringe parties to becoming its dictator .
he has certainly stimulated the economy of his country ... ... only at the expense of the trades unions , countered anna .
the meals provided each and every evening would feed several small countries .
but how can mice be capable of running a country by themselves ?
what this country needs is a government of consensus .
i do nt really understand why so many people in your country believe that liberty is prima facie a good thing .
and the canine republics do nt administer foreign countries as if they were their own nor disregard the sovereignty of their neighbours when searching for so - called terrorists .
but democracy is nothing more than the means by which the people of a country choose how they wish to be governed .
then this country will enjoy the more genuine democracy as it is practised in the illiberal socialist republics .
does nt this make you feel proud to belong to this country ?
since there are rather more people like that in this country than anyone else , the real mystery is why the other parties have done so well .
but do nt people vote for what they think is best for the country ?
my multinationals were big and powerful enough to be free from the taxation and punitive legislation of any one country .
more like raise the flipping taxes and turn the country into a glorified trades union !
only the illicit party can save this country .
if that were true , surely the country would be benefiting disproportionately well , considering their much lower costs .
the red government will give this country the direction and purposiveness that has been squandered by years of blooming coition misrule .
there are political scientists who warn that the concentration of wealth in the city is a danger as it bleeds dry the resources of the country to feed its needs , and that eventually the process must result in an event in which the country collapses economically and drags the city down with it .
there are political scientists who warn that the concentration of wealth in the city is a danger as it bleeds dry the resources of the country to feed its needs , and that eventually the process must result in an event in which the country collapses economically and drags the city down with it .
it is not for me to express my opinion of how other countries choose to organise their affairs .
it was rather important i think in deciding the political structure of the country .
how can there be so much history in one country ?
in this country , institutions and practices have evolved over time .
we got more oil , uranium , steel , silicon , chemicals and all than you got , and we got the businesses that make up for anything were short in operating in other countries .
in some of the other cat embassies round the world , especially those in countries who are uncertain in their support for the cat kingdom , the embassies had been attacked and burnt to the ground by dogs and mice and others who have grudges against cats .
there will be more death and destruction long after the last fires of the suburbs are extinguished as the many disparate elements of your country do battle against each other for their own perceived interests .
city against country .
in tribute to the two - hundredth anniversary of the country , the united states mint had come out with new quarters and half - dollars .
the front of the coins , below the faces of two dead former presidents of the country , were dated 1776 - 1976 .
the father of the country was a figure from the dim historical past , as ancient a legend as moses , a wooden - toothed guy who skipped coins across the potomac .
bamboo and wooden structures were erected to construct the large pandals imitating not only the famous indian temples but also the architectural monuments of other countries .
there were kids from hundreds of countries speaking a babel of languages .
we 're going to show this country what farming is all about .
despite the billions of dollars of fines levied against the prisoners , their collective net worth still easily eclipsed that of many emerging market countries around the world .
we are going to read a series of different stories from various countries .
however , some countries , including ours , now at least tolerate it between consenting adults in private , but it was only made legal between adults here since last year , but you have to be twenty - one .
and was nt that his role as patriarch now that he had seen the greed and evil of men destroy civilizations , countries , and the lives of man ?
he told them to go to hell , and dug in and fortified the cranston plant , pulling in all his favors from around the country to increase the workload and job security at his plant .
today most countries in the world are making their own contribution to particular aspects of the giant enterprise that is the search for a unified theory of relativity and the quantum world .
she was killed by a bomb blast that took out some big name politico from iraq who was supposed to become a major player in the re - unification of that country when saddam went down .
you re a waitress , and it sounds as if he has more money than a third nation country .
rick imagined that in their own country they might be celebrities .
he s a delegate from his country , the man told me .
he would be airing his show in every one of the countries .
newscaster : the news of the catholic churchs delay in their election of a new pope brought strong reaction in our country today .
the most frightening thing about it is that these countries will no longer be led by their elected officials .
maybe that way we can have a few less deaths in the country , hesidence said .
each of them had to come to the messiah clone and declare their allegiance and worship of him before their country could live in peace .
it was his job to know ... and to handle the politics in any way necessary ... that s how he had got where he was now , and that s how he was going to go farther ... it did nt matter that he was nt going to be the one benefiting the most financially ... he would get enough for his share ... he already had quite a bit anyway ... it was nt money that drove him ... it was the feeling of power that came from presidential politics ... to be considered the most powerful man in the country .
it appears that a deal has been made between one of the most powerful people in our country when it comes to politics and a popular senator to put that senator in the white house in exchange for his support .
this mission did include getting government - targeted individuals safely out of the country .
there was then a note and calculation referring to a different tranche of shares to which he would be entitled once all transactions had been cleared by the tax authorities of both countries .
she is quite reticent to talk of her glowing success in assisting the police in many countries , most recently in holland .
the country will judge us bradstock , not merely the prime minister .
they traveled together marketing his products and meeting with government and educational officials in a lot of countries .
they were bureaucrats in developing countries .
he thought that for one thing it was sort of the price of doing business in certain countries and , what was more , he saw himself as kind and generous and he felt that if we could help people out by putting a few extra dollars in the pockets of our clients ' employees , well , what would be the harm .
today , i feel like an idiot that i never even suspected all the bad stuff that was going on right here under our noses at techtron while i was worried about payoffs to small time bureaucrats in poor countries .
the rumors are that they are into money laundering , smuggling of illegal workers into and out of various countries ( including but by no means limited to the u.s . ) , they are also into smuggling .
in terms of what i did in this country , it was mostly moving cash from florida where it came into the country to the upper midwest where he passed the money through his network of laundries .
believe me , i do n't want to be in jail anywhere , but certainly not in either of those two countries !
we take the goods from one foreign country to another .
according to the laws of most countries , smuggling is a crime mostly because it cheats the government out of taxes .
at a meeting in paris in 1972 law enforcement from several countries decided that they would continue to try to catch collonia , but they wanted to do it by finding out who his contacts were and trying to break up the whole operation instead of just arresting a mule now and then .
essentially , collonia decided to use roland wilson as a front for his arms dealing operation and an entre into the developing countries where there were private militias , terrorist organizations or rogue governments who might be interested in buying nuclear weapons .
he reserved her for the jewel and art deals that required someone who could fit in with the rich and cultured people in many countries .
there were cookbooks , atlases , and travel logs among the books from all of those countries among the books i looked through .
for the public record he had resigned his commission to become a private consultant for allied countries trying to learn updated weaponry .
leaders of various countries call upon us when they are in trouble .
' you may be cajoled into imagining that your own special trade or your own industry will be encouraged by a protective tariff , but it stands to reason that such legislation must in the long run keep away wealth from the country , diminish the value of our imports , and lower the general conditions of life in this island . '
the tragedy was still black enough , but this woman had at least deserved death by the laws of her country .
the network says that the president has already called demanding his release , as have presidents from almost every western country .
egypt would never allow anyone to block the nile , especially a backward country such as ethiopia .
with matthew involved , this was likely to be a major undertaking in some third world country .
why ca nt matthew and father mcginnis devote their energy to saving countries that at least have running water and cable tv ?
several countries including france , germany and iran would love to undertake the entire project .
their model is a good one , but ill let each country provide the competition .
coincidentally , while i was doing my research last night , ken said with a wink , i came across a great quote from a book written by michael ferch that addresses just this question ; so why the drive in small countries to play basketball ?
it was a massive undertaking involving twelve construction companies from seven countries .
he is a living symbol for a country of 1.3 billion people .
most of the groups i deal with do not have the resources to chase bad debt in a foreign country if the deal goes bad .
our country has too many basic needs to fund a sports arena with tax dollars .
we are in a foreign country that hates american businessmen and has a history of screwing foreign investors by devaluing their currency .
ten years ago it would have been impossible , but cooperation between the two countries had improved tremendously since the wave of terrorist attacks in the 90s , most of them attributed to the basques although many were in fact done by al - qaeda sympathizers .
the eta has a well - coordinated infrastructure in several south american countries including nicaragua , venezuela , el salvador , uruguay and cuba .
half the players were from other countries .
their sports division has played an integral role in the construction of some of the finest new stadiums , arenas and related entertainment facilities built for professional leagues and universities across the country .
he saw the cameras and realized his match would be televised worldwide to over 60 countries .
taking advantage of a france - spain bilateral antiterrorist pact signed september 10 , 2004 , the joint police units of both countries swooped down on the eta and islamic extremists throughout france and spain .
italy , portugal and other european countries cooperated and patrolled their airports and borders .
this was just the normal shuffling of political power that happened everyday in every country throughout the world .
when drugs like opium are smuggled into the country its usually done in as pure a form as possible .
an entry point where the drugs come into the country .
they ll elect me president of this whole damn country for this one !
he even made national news for sending pay in 60 days invoices to the mexican government and other countries for the illegal us citizens or criminal aliens he was housing in the valley jail .
in this country , every individual has the right of presumed innocence until proven guilty .
except you did nt pay them to the right country !
she also knows he has the attention of the millions of people around the country watching the trial on tv , for judge watts could not have kept this trial off the tube even if she wanted to .
we are going to show you that the vast majority of deaths from aids in this country from 1987 to 1997 were caused by taking the very drug that was supposed to treat aids and not from the virus called hiv .
but i think its safe to assume that if san francisco and new york represented one - third of all aids cases in this country , they probably also had about one - third of the 4600 hiv - negative cases as well , or a little over 1500 without hiv .
but there is precedent for calling something the cause of a disease without it meeting koch 's postulates , and it comes from the highest medical officer in this country .
it would be split between the two countries .
by the time that two - year study was up , azt was already in 60 countries , being given to more than 20,000 people .
we 're just now finding out how powerful the drug companies are in this country , and how the government can lie and get away with it in a lot of areas .
and two , the power of the pharmaceutical industry in your country .
why do nt we just agree that the total number of iatrogenic deaths every year in this country ranges somewhere between 350,000 that the american medical association admits to , and more than twice that number , close to 800,000 , that other people claim .
at first , poppers were available without a prescription in this country , too .
i mean , where were the doctors of this country , the very people who should have known better , or the ones who at least should have stood up in sufficient numbers and asked the right questions ?
all the testimony in this trial has proven that we have no idea how many people in the country have hiv , because we do nt test for hiv .
but i thought that in 1984 the cdc said that hiv was a highly contagious epidemic spreading rapidly across the country and into the heterosexual population as well ?
i mean , would nt the percentage of people who live in these cities who were hiv - positive have to be greater than those living elsewhere in the country , as this so - called contagious disease spreads from person to person in the cluster ?
is nt it odd that as soon as we stopped prescribing azt , the aids epidemic in this country was virtually over ?
but you said , mr . harrison , that the number of hiv - positives in this country went from 700,000 in 1997 to 1.3 million in 2005 , while the number of aids cases was cut in half in that same period .
but why not allow azt into your country ?
mr . baker , i am president of my country .
you were able to bullshit me almost as long as you bullshitted the entire country , but now its over .
gladstone is not presenting any evidence to contradict what messick and baker had established in the first trial , and although gladstone is putting on a strong defense this time and i think he thought he could get a different outcome its still pretty obvious that 90 % of the aids cases in this country up until 1997 were caused by azt , not hiv .
sam , the aids trial dealt with the people who were killed in this country through 1997 .
i m talking about the fact that we continue to diagnose people in this country as hiv - positive , and continue to pressure them into taking highly toxic drugs , even though its now been proven that hiv does nt cause aids .
in fact , since the centers for disease control and prevention announced their new protocol last may to have everyone in this country tested for hiv , more and more people are being diagnosed hiv - positive who are not gay and who have not used drugs white soccer moms , little league coaches , high - powered executives .
but this western blot test has a myriad of problems , too so many problems , in fact , that great britain and some other countries refuse to use it .
and if the cdcs guess is wrong about the total number of hiv - positives in this country , and the burke statistics are correct when the test is given to low - risk groups , the number of false positives could be as high as two - and - a - half million .
and were talking about putting more than 2 million people in this country through that very thing all because the hiv elisa test is so statistically bad .
is that why the western blot is not used in some countries of the world ?
the witness has no personal knowledge of what decision - making process was used in other countries .
any other diagnostic test is only considered valid if the results have the same meaning in all patients , in all laboratories , by all doctors , and in all countries .
different countries have different criteria as well .
across the top are the names of the five different countries and five u.s . agencies , and underneath them are the criteria that each country or agency has adopted to determine a positive western blot result .
across the top are the names of the five different countries and five u.s . agencies , and underneath them are the criteria that each country or agency has adopted to determine a positive western blot result .
each one of the five countries and all five u.s . agencies have a different pattern they want to see from the proteins on the western blot which means that you can get different results depending on whose criteria you use .
many people have gone from being hiv - positive to hiv - negative simply by changing labs or moving to a different country .
since this was done in the u.s . , well just use the five different criteria available in your country .
i do nt think many people are aware of the political power that the aids industry and the pharmaceutical companies have in this country .
you also heard undisputed testimony that these aids drugs have been the leading cause of death for hiv - positives in this country for five years .
~i was not informed that great britain and other countries refuse to allow the use of the hiv western blot antibody test , or the reasons why .
i was also not informed that this definition of aids is not accepted by other countries ( canada , for example ) , and that by moving to canada i would no longer have aids .
namely , other countries , i should think .
both people from other countries and our country , jillian , are not the nicest people you d want to be around .
are we willing to sacrifice for our country ?
we have a couple of crews there and then that night , beamed into peoples living rooms all over the country is you reading this man his rights on national tv .
the police do nt need to get a free sample of my dna - it 's probably on file in fifty - six countries already ... now take this - ' with a gloved hand , she gave him the envelope she had brought from her desk drawer .
its a free country , jane said .
could she get access to a closed country with a husband who had a m div ?
impressive in a country where serial killers are being argued to be the next step in our evolutionary chain .
it could belong to any country of the last century or so .
you could , but the irs would be all over it , regardless of how many servers in different countries it was routed .
` ` i read several articles recently about charges of environmental racism in different parts of the country .
your country and its allies .
it was headed to deans courier company and was slated to be shipped across the country to fake addresses .
the local chemist shoppes in those countries had a wondrous assortment of over - the - counter drugs : all of which were easy to smuggle back into the us in unmarked bottles .
this place is going to be in an awfully lot of trouble if we ever get nuked by some damn other country we riled all up .
it had belonged to elgin , a gun he had brought back from his exploits in southeast asia whilst serving his country in a military fashion .
but it was being monitored in various countries .
i reckon it works out well for both countries , he added , and grinned .
mr . takkinen went to your grandmother and said his word was as good as the finnish government , which , as you may know , was the one country to pay their war debt back to the united states after world war ii .
i have my doubts about how much longer this country will survive at the rate its going , boone frowned .
by sunday morning , boone had convinced hopkins he was ready to talk to angel about his speculation on the imminent fall of the country .
there were few european americans in the country .
diego continued to explain , this country does nt allow the bastard children to be named , to have birth certificates , or to be recognized as living , breathing human beings .
now i m really starting to hate this country , delilah seethed while trying to keep her disgust and anger in check .
and in many countries a caste system was still deeply rooted and continued to flourish .
most modern uk insurance is valid for european union countries , so - called ' green cards ' are becoming less automatic than they once were .
even more fortunately it listed spain as a valid country and therefore included the bail bond .
most of us also have a licenses to sell insurance in several other countries as well .
there are a few countries that do not allow non - residents to be licensed to sell insurance .
in those countries , we have cooperative arrangements with local agents : we refer business to them that we ca n't write .
she was afraid that , given diaz 's far - flung business interests , she might have to hire a pi who could work in several countries , and she mentally braced for the battle she 'd fight with company management over that proposition .
it seemed as though each room contained money from different countries .
raymond ended by telling her that they had discussed a plan for what to do if the insured is in a country where he ca n't be extradited to the us .
each room had money in it from a different country .
he knows people , powerful and rich people with influence in the us and other countries .
that , and gambling as well as contacts with people who know people who can move merchandise from where it is to where somebody wants it to be without the involvement of government agencies in either country .
this person is operating above the laws of probably a whole bunch of countries .
each of the islands is a separate country with its own laws .
businesses that operate in more than one country would be paralyzed if they tried to abide by the real laws .
his pride in his country had to take second place .
i will not betray my country , but there are some who will still hold power with whom i do nt want to cooperate , and if i make this known it will spell my death .
the information could only have come from germany or someone who represented german intelligence in this country .
because the medical examiner said there would nt be any record in this country , and although we could ask the german authorities the abwehr , to check it out , we d have to narrow the possible candidates down significantly .
does he think its simply disinterest from the abwehr , or they have certain policies regarding servicemen who do nt return to the mother country ?
especially when there is an alternative , one which actually helps your country .
he told me that i had to support the needs of my country or i would soon go back there in a box .
my story will never reveal this scenario , i can promise that , but i need marion to know it lurks out there in a safe place , unless she helps us to conclude a truly independent investigation of our case , and the others which have occurred around the country .
shed almost been one of those examples , living for family and country , but never for herself .
i took an oath to serve and protect my country , and my word is my bond .
adam porter killed at least fifteen women over the same amount of years across the country .
innocent until proven guilty in this country , right ? '
the rest of the searches are about activist groups around the country .
so you re telling me that the government is conspiring to put a microchip in every human in this country ?
maybe protecting their country or maybe just taking target practice with their friends .
in wealthy countries there is a demand for transplants .
acknowledgments the author wishes to thank research staff of the boston athenaeum for its hard work in sourcing books for the authors research on histories and cultures of foreign countries .
listened while i told him and i remember he said to me , we have these men in our country too .
in my country we have always had a ruling class , those who survive and participate in each historical stage of the country .
these elites are here and are in every country in the world .
my book documents this ruling elite and its presence among countries , regardless of how small or poor the nations may be .
no one has ever seen him , the reporter continued , but he s supposed to be the worst terrorist in your country .
he has been accused of being the mastermind behind many of the attacks on various governments in african countries with oil .
they could come from that set of people that all countries have in their shadows , those who for a variety of reasons are disaffected and easily brought into the fold , those people who feel it their duty to fight and die .
they aggrandize , seek more than their share , even profess to give back some of their gains but only at the price of what they might wish , not what the countries might wish , so they remain in power .
we have a date of infamy in our country too as i am sure most nations have .
its goal was to save the fortunes of multinational corporations that are so big now they dwarf even the countries .
tell me that with all the riches he took from my country and the little that he paid us , that he could see any justice .
well , you will be with me so you will die for your country anyway .
this investigation will lead deep into africa , several countries , i suspect , before it runs out , said tench .
i mean , said smiley , we ai nt going to let these people blow up the country , nossir .
so many people in this country are against it , but i believe that all these diversified cultures that step foot in this country should be festively welcomed ; because they are simply puzzle pieces to an even greater culture , the usas .
make no mistake , it is no longer a question of bringing justice to the dead or even punishing the criminal we must take drastic measures to deter the use of weapons of mass destruction in our country .
you know with the euro coming and all that , its hard to tell those little countries apart .
the treaty of versailles required that germany pay twenty million dollars to the countries of europe after they were defeated in the great war .
the french assassin did not care how dangerous his assignment was ; he had had to accept it for his country .
the two countries agreed not to go to war with each other .
frank , your country is nt even planning on getting involved .
our countries are concerned about hitlers current aggression .
my country , great britain , is declaring war on germany for this outrage .
some of us are new at this ; however , my country has been in the espionage game for a long time .
he 'd served his time in the army , abroad in the far east as well as germany , then come back to this country and been recruited into the security services .
mickey knew he was n't the one giving orders , but he had served his country loyally .
you can do that , because this is a free country .
if it was n't for people like me - people you despise - the likelihood is that it would n't be a free country and you would n't be able to complain .
food banks had sprung up all over the country that year .
your unit has been at the forefront of everything the government is trying to do to keep this country safe .
it happens in this country once a year anyway , so why not ? ''
they re forever checking out foreigners in case such ideas are coming into the country with the pineapples and sugar .
uncle sam pays all our outstanding money debts to the foreign countries all over the world since we owe about $ 24 trillion dollars or more .
he claimed that they surrendered the lease of the residence since another ambassador might not be appointed immediately due to the unsettled nature of the country .
walter , to give him his due , is not tolerant of high - handed actions that impinge on our diplomatic rights and our country 's status .
i suspect that you , too , have an ambivalent attitude to the security forces of our host country . '
however , in view of the threats relayed by you , it is likely that relations between our two countries will be damaged and that diplomatic relations may be suspended . '
i am not sure given the state of our country at present that the police will pay attention to the information it contains , unless they are aware that interested parties possess the same information .
' every television station , every newspaper in the country blamed orhan .
you know how it is in every country .
we are a first - rate country , not a third - world country .
we are a first - rate country , not a third - world country .
examples : final notice , your membership in the alzheimer foundation is expiring ; please help the hungry children of ( any country from column b ) ; please help the hungry people of ( any country from column c ) , etc .
examples : final notice , your membership in the alzheimer foundation is expiring ; please help the hungry children of ( any country from column b ) ; please help the hungry people of ( any country from column c ) , etc .
people typically do n't just quit their jobs and move to a foreign country to start a business without having some reason pushing them .
the trouble was that his ma could n't see beyond the fact that , in a country of increasing non - believers , maureen was a ` ` good catholic girl '' , and likely to encourage the religiously lax rafferty back to the paths of righteousness .
she was a catholic , too , and she felt it was her duty to rid the country of heretics .
unlike in muslim countries , where friday was a holiday , most people had to get back to their jobs and other duties as it was still a workday .
and as far as helping our muslim brothers and sisters in the world , look at the leaders of the countries they are suffering in .
she liked to talk , but most of all she liked to listen and hear stories that people from different countries and different walks of life could bring her .
no other country in the world would give me a working visa with that kind of record .
` ` unfortunately my client 's belief in the justice system in this country has taken quite the knock today .
the woman has a network of intelligence that would put some countries to shame .
i began keeping a surreptitious count on my fingers and was amazed to find by the end of the tour that brad had supposedly visited forty - three different countries .
i am embarrassed to say that our country would be in a rather awkward situation if it were to get out that the argyle museum has lost one of its most prized possessions .
tell me , j.c . , how does someone get valuables out of your country without customs noticing ?
illegal in any form in some european countries .
i did nt want anyone controlling that country , but if i had to choose , i d have preferred to have the indians control the petroglyphs .
diamonds ( if there were any in that lake ) might help the economy , but they re basically rather useless items to rip open a country for .
we did stints in seven countries , and two u.s . territories .
i do get those two countries confused , do n't you ?
really , they should make the names of countries simpler and not similar , so people would n't mix them up , i always say .
` ` even as we speak , the authorities in at least two countries are tying you to crimes committed there recently .
we are saddled with endless laws , rules , regulations , statutes , ordinances , mandates , and acts of congress that it makes me wonder if this country is even a democracy at all or just a bureaucratic artifice . ''
we try to make sure law enforcement and forensics around the country know what to look for .
this would be a historic moment for this country , for mankind .
together they monitored documents , deals , emails and contracts in 26 countries .
a year ago this country was a bloated distressed bureaucracy .
look there s maybe 27 countries i can walk into and function .
this was another man without a country .
` ` our country , and in fact our planet , relies on us to maintain our leadership .
without the minds and genetics of the fellowship , there would be no country .
our country is at war in asia , and we are stopping a war in mexico to give ourselves a breath of fresh air .
there was no fear that john would be deliberately killed for dissection , as he d suggested - it was supposed to be a civilized country .
how can our customs and immigration people let such scum into the country ?
did you know that eighty - two percent of all non domestic murders go unsolved in this country ?
he was suspected of illegal arms trading , and had betrayed his own country in his determination to be rich .
he did not have that kind of power , but he did start two more wars among smaller countries in the world , which resulted in the deaths of two hundred and thirty thousand people .
in that war , israel knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that the arab countries were going to attack .
if all of those things were to happen five or ten years before the rapture , it would change the way the countries of the world would look at israel .
these redheads : irish , danish , german , pole ; gentile , jew , and god knows what - a secret clan breeding true for centuries across countries and even races .
if only five percent of the current work force would retire and keep as busy as you do in community affairs , most of the social ills confronting this country would disappear overnight .
from all appearances , he fit the description of any of a million graduate students wandering the hallowed halls of learning institutions all over the country .
the newspaper articles had mentioned they maintained ownership of hundreds of businesses and commercial properties in this country .
who did you sell it to , some terrorist group , some renegade country , some destructive weapon that were only waiting to see the results of ?
that s right , there s a regular update , but mls has been around a long time before the internet and has been used by agents across the country for decades .
when a prince is trying to preserve his country , he does nt have the luxury of worrying about the small things .
however please note officers you would be surprised how many people have actually had an organ donation in this country .
upon arrival , migrants deemed to be from ` ` safe '' countries like egypt or morocco are immediately deported , but the rest spend up to a year and a half locked in detention centers while their cases are assessed .
some get returned with immediate effect but others , from so - called unsafe countries , ca nt be booted right around .
he did nt really understand why , in this age of terrorism , that most tourists made it clear that they were visitors from other countries .
do you know the country code for canada , so i can get this damn thing to work ?
the death and destruction from those two attacks were the worst that either country had ever experienced .
she described the group as a non - ideological group that did not care about countries , just as long as they were paid large sums of money for their services .
which country came out on top was of no concern to this group .
` ` this thing that you have stumbled upon goes all the way to the top of two countries , '' the man exerted , going on to explain that the president of the united states and prime minister of canada had formed a commission on terrorism , shortly after the two leaders met at a north american summit .
what did they have to pay you to turn on your country ? ''
i am fed up with you americans coming over to my country , thinking you can do whatever you want without repercussions , the man raised his voice and threw his chair against the wall in an attempt to intimidate him .
although , at the time she had thought that her father and the other man were just discussing scenarios of what the terrorists may have been planning for future attacks against the two countries .
my dad said that both countries ' leaders came to the psychotic conclusion that their citizens needed a common enemy . ''
` ` do you see why our countries ca n't afford us to be alive ?
he recognized one of the men as a notorious terrorist that many countries had fallen victim to in one of the many attacks that he had perpetrated .
my people need someone to hate just as much as your people , and with your two countries , and their unlimited resources killing our people , that hatred was already present .
this , as you know , caused great rejoicing in our countries .
many of the knickerbocker depositors were state and national banks across the country , all uninsured and all bracing for a cash run by their own depositors of everyday americans .
banks from around the country were calling in their money from the new york institutions .
they stressed the consequences of another panic if the deal fell through and made sure roosevelt was aware of the extraordinary effort morgan made in order to protect the financial foundation of the country .
roosevelt loved being president and deep in his heart believed he was still the best man to lead the country .
at least those people are not trying to bring down our country , archie answered .
these people are not trying to bring down the country either .
we are a country being strangled by fear .
his words began to grow spirited , in fact , if you could create efficient hubs of commerce throughout strategic locations across the country , you would probably be able to replace the inefficient modes of commerce that have evolved to date with each different industry .
without the diligent intervention of the business community , the entire financial system of our country would have collapsed .
considering my service to the business community and to this country , no , i do not think it is audacious .
otherwise , unleash business , unleash the power of the american capitalist and you and the country will benefit .
my husband was never anything but a patriotic soldier who loved the country he served .
working with people who want to overthrow the government is neither patriotic nor serving ones country .
captain butt , i head a bureau whose mission is to investigate dangers to our country .
its just not the way we do things in this country , mr . finch .
they are working to undermine the foundations of the country .
i love serving my country .
the young workers that perished in the fire and leapt to their deaths were not being looked upon as aliens from other countries unable to adapt to the american way of life , but as poor , hardworking immigrants scraping to create their american dream .
our plan , vanderbilt continued , is to create commerce centers in strategic areas around the country .
the government could care less about what we businessmen do for the good of the country .
lets see if we ca nt start a rapprochement in this country .
and just as a great tree can offer cover and abundance , so our race can , has , is , and will continue to be , one of the great assets to this country .
his article talked of the need for corporate regulation , but it also cited the benefits of a principled business sector : it would be mischievous and undesirable to try and break up all combinations merely because they are large and successful and to put the business of the country back into the middle of the eighteenth century .
your plan will allow the business workings of the country to run at its maximum potential because it puts the control of our economic system into the hands of businessmen who understand the necessity of order and efficiency .
then he had a revolution to wage , then a wife and daughter to look after , then he wanted to save the poor , then serve his country , then build bridges to the rich , thenoh , god knows what he wanted , because mick shaughnessy had no idea .
as we embark on this grand enterprise , it is my fervent wish that the success we will enjoy is equal to the good we will do for our country .
do you know anything about how the court system works in this country ?
there was a long list of suspected and rumored bases all over the country , supposedly gleaned from review of public documents .
he was a prisoner of war from that country , probably a militant , maybe from the taliban , perhaps a member of al - qaeda .
their fates would be uncertain for a long time until their names , countries of origin , circumstances of their capture in afghanistan , and militant status could be sorted out .
i ' m not willing to support a plan that serves no purpose but to ravage this country before we 're ready for it to fall . ''
once we hit the first city , we send a message from a new underworld organization that ca n't be traced to any country .
we 'll demand u.s . withdrawal from any occupied country , regardless of whether it is an ally .
` ` this country does not negotiate with terrorists , '' ostrovsky pointed out .
` ` make the destruction significant enough and after three cities any country will fold under the pressure of the people .
` ` -to every country associated with the u.s .
` ` this plan originates with our uk brethren but will be implemented in three locations of this country .
freddie ran weapons and drugs between two middle eastern countries and south america and the u.s . four men were taken out by booby traps on the mountain jackson had anticipated .
` ` why would you not support a plan to further undermine this country ? ''
` ` you think bardaric 'll take out the head of our country ? ''
subsequent bombings would come with a message that any other countries willing to support the u.s . would do so at risk of the same fate . ''
` ` why are you willing to put our country into political and possibly armed conflict with your country ? ''
` ` why are you willing to put our country into political and possibly armed conflict with your country ? ''
and i know that you wo n't let tina live under the threat of a nuclear bomb from a country she probably does n't even know exists .
i am hoping that your president will help him understand why it is our country needs to disarm the old soviet weapons .
they are nothing but a magnet to other countries who wish to steal them or buy them so that they can use them against their neighbors .
stalking is a serious problem in this country today , and there are many innocent victims made to suffer .
since bad technically did not exist , he could n't claim his felonies were part of his job and committed while in the service of his country .
guy , never good with fast retorts , replied , ` ` it 's a free country . ''
` ` they 're combing death records in all fifty states and in a dozen foreign countries .
our job is to watch over the security of our country .
i have been given the authority to use my own judgement in giving you sight of material that is , some of it , the most highly classified in this country . ''
` ` alright ... but we 're talking about low - wage countries , and that means that you risk writing an article proposing that swedish industry should be outbid by thai industry .
it was a delicate task requiring great wisdom and judicial restraint , since experience from far too many countries has shown that a political police department could easily transform itself into the principal threat to democracy .
almost every democratic country maintains an independent constitutional court in some form , with a mandate to see to it that authorities do not ride roughshod over the democratic process .
if fifty of the world 's foremost hackers decided to launch a coordinated attack against an entire country , the country might survive , but not without having serious problems .
if fifty of the world 's foremost hackers decided to launch a coordinated attack against an entire country , the country might survive , but not without having serious problems .
the prime minister said : ` ` and my job is to run the country in accordance with the constitution . ''
i ' m asking you to cooperate in the interests of the country . ''
` ` this may prove one of the most sensational criminal investigations this country has witnessed , '' the prosecutor general had told her .
` ` and she could hardly be arrested for it since prostitution is not a crime in our country . ''
what has happened to family values and ethics in this country , miss .
` ` you know those pages where the customs officials stamp the country you 're visiting ? ''
over the past three days she had read the press reports , seen the news of michael 's kidnapping on the television , witnessed the outrage of a country .
for the past eight years she 's been bouncing around third world countries , working for the red cross or unicef or whatever organization she could hook up with . ''
at the same time , sweden is one of the countries that imports the most prostitutes per capita from russia and the baltics . ''
we do happen to have the rule of law in this country , and nobody should be condemned without their day in court . ''
lisbeth went at him for king and country and thumped him one in the face so he went down on his ass .
for many years it was one of the country 's best - kept military secrets .
it was not zalachenko who was the problem - it was lisbeth salander , the crazy kid who threatened to crack one of the country 's most crucial secrets wide open .
you have at least four more brothers and three sisters in various countries .
sold in every software store in the country .
any software store sold cd - roms that had the entire country 's phone books on them or you could visit on the web .
the people have selected this commission to choose the person who will rule this country .
the people simply believe the current form of government is incapable of solving the country 's problems .
this country needs a return to its roots .
the country was in turmoil from a dozen years of having no one on the throne .
another commissioner asked , ` ` michael 's father , filaret , if i recall my history , actually ran the country for much of his son 's reign .
there is bank confidentiality in this country . ''
anyway , he 's probably the country 's top expert with this new ground - penetrating radar machine .
` ` murder has no statute of limitations in this country .
it was one of the things that set the lab apart from publicly funded crime labs around the country .
his face would now appear across the country in post offices and federal buildings , on the fbi 's web site , and even in a dick tracy cartoon as part of an fbi most wanted promotion .
` ` in some countries , i ' m old enough to be married and sold into prostitution , so hey , i think a couple of drinks wo n't necessarily kill me . ''
she 'd return from model un , and i 'd have to listen to her drone on about how richard made a treaty against her country 's best interests .
` ` almost fifty years later , fizzle products are sold in more than two - hundred countries .
i 'll be traveling through various countries , but i said i would only go if i could bring along an assistant of sorts . ''
are you ready to get your country on ? ''
he had lost everything - his wife , his country .
jude had just thrown his first pass in the nfl - a guy who had goals only of staying out of prison back in high school , and here he was now , living the dream , being watched and celebrated by millions around the country .
it just sucks that our commitments have to be on opposite sides of the country . ''
his rubbing that in my face when my fiance was across the country , while i was an emotional , hormonal wreck , was not what i needed right now .
i ' m sure you have some overpriced piece of fiberglass built in some foreign country .
i could n't wait to use what i 'd learned , to fight and protect my country .
there are countries full of people unable to fight for themselves .
you talk about how other countries depend on people like you to fight in their corner , but what about me ?
` ` you 'll travel to exotic locations and foreign countries , competing against each other for a quarter of a million dollar prize . ''
when the american spoke of the united states border , it came off to me as if i am closer to the borders of other countries than the u.s . and this terrifies me .
or , eliminate a scientist before she completes her lifelong quest to create a deadly virus in her lab that is intended only to be used against an enemy country in a time of war ? ''
and while although there are many who work for us , spread out over several countries , the five of us are central to the entire operation , with none other than victor faust at the head of it all .
` ` the people who work hard are the ones dedicated to protecting our country , who do better by it .
every time i looked at facebook , she had added a new country to her list .
for my son it was fighting for our freedom and protecting his country , for you i think it 's figuring out you are worthy of the kind of love and affection a girl like that can offer .
in every country we stopped in , in every bar we pulled up to , there were underground bands playing .
then a small map appeared , followed by zooming in , faster and faster until it zeroed in on the one country i 'd suspected and hoped to avoid .
` ` politicians are the married idiots who keep getting in trouble for sleeping with the interns when they should be running the country .
head of one of the fastest - growing - and most lucrative - biomed companies in the country .
it 's what has made him push for better technology , better medicine , better science for military personnel and civilians alike , and it 's what has led him to having the most cutting - edge research in the country .
my eyes trail to previous posts , which call for people to take back their country , to flush out the evils that are polluting the masses .
it 's not like the major museums in the country where a good scandal helps draw in more patrons to see what all the fuss is about .
i ca n't be arrested in every country we visit . ''
it 's a shame , how stringent the involuntary commitment protocols in this country have become .
that 's like winning the lottery in some countries . ''
the countries are bigger and simpler , before all our modern wars and genocides .
fighting has come , ambushes , american soldiers , and some from other countries .
do they not cost much money in your country ? ''
six billionaires working together would mean we 'd be investigated by every tax auditor in this country . ''
having it now was like being handed a crown to a country that you 're supposed to rule over , just because of sheer luck , not because you were born into it , or because you were worthy , or because you earned it .
i want to hear more about sex in foreign countries . ''
` ` but it all depends on what you 're willing to do for your country . ''
but more so , he knew the mood of the country shifted and that people wanted american - made goods , so he retrofitted former lugnut factories for cufflink manufacturing and then led the rapid growth along with his business partner .
we discussed more of the specifics , the cut she 'd receive of sales , her plans for showing my line around , and her vision for how women around the country would be giving and getting these necklaces as gifts come holiday time .
she barely processed his ramblings about working overseas and within the country for business .
damen ~ six ~ news of cleon frangos ' arrest and the story behind it spread like wildfire , and before the day was over the entire country knew about it .
he spoke the words , even knowing that every bit of it would likely be recorded and broadcasted since he had practically invited the whole damn country to today 's party .
you 'll notice the proximity to the end of your country 's revolution . ''
` ` the masons stretch across the sea to the americas , they build themselves a country , and they amass a treasure , '' jd continued , wincing a little .
the last few years , the country had hit a recession , but somehow i 'd survived it .
so the marines were a natural choice , raiden deciding to serve our country and doing it by joining the baddest of the badasses , as everyone knew the marines were .
you do all that outta preserves and blankets , over two hundred shops in two countries .
` ` evenin ' gray , hello beautiful creature that embodies the reason i put my ass on the line for this country , '' i heard , my eyes grew wide , my head turned to the gravelly voice and i tipped it back to look at an old guy standing by our table to see him looking down at me .
and my neck twisted and my head moved back to see his eyes locked on angelo and not in a friendly , ` ` i ' m an american on vacation and thus will at all times act like a diplomat for my country '' kind of way .
then the finest piece of ass in two countries waltzes into town and before you could blink , she 's cuddlin ' up to him at the mark , she 's in his bed , she 's makin ' out with him on the street and at the dog and two weeks later she 's movin ' from f**kin ' england just to keep him warm at night . ''
your son got his shit together and died a good man and everyone in the country knows it .
whizz was going through different countries , but hacking into private systems took time .
they 'd served their country like noble men , fighting for a cause they believed in .
` ` in recent years he 's been spreading out into different countries , spreading the trafficking business into america .
or a different prince from another country ?
evidently , they were in the same killer economics of third world countries class .
` ` anyone serving our country , fighting for our freedoms is worth remembering . ''
` ` that 's what i ' m here for as the top public relations consultant in this country .
i will be an exemplary royal wife and a queen our countries will be proud of .
` ` yessss , '' she admitted with shameful abandon , gasping and not caring if god and country heard her cries .
` ` my dad owns the largest shipping company in the country . ''
exploring foreign countries without a single concern for safety ? ''
or worse , he 'd die while serving their country and shatter her in the process .
she understood that dylan was serving their country , but he could n't be bothered to offer some assistance ?
` ` it 's a france country code . ''
i swear , i do n't know how half the businesses in this country have n't gone bankrupt yet . ''
loved knowing that he was serving his country and helping to keep it safe , loved the bonds he 'd formed with his teammates , the crisp ocean air and the feel of warm sand between his toes .
this new system was supposed to be very competitive with other financial institutions across the country .
after going back into the sitting room , she sat on the couch , picked up the newspaper and began to read an article in the times about a housing boom in the seattle area , one of the few booms after the great recession that hit the country a few years before .
in situations like these , where the mans infraction was easily reported and proven , given the necessary resources , and which was punished by the laws of the country , i usually simply contacted the police and gave them the information needed anonymously , and made sure that they followed it up .
i ve been working with student journalists from all over the country to get information to include in the piece .
it is the extreme level a country is willing to go to protect its so called national interest .
some even declare war on other countries .
part of the business is to ship the cars to other countries and business is good .
following that was an impressive array of credentials , recommendations , and endorsements ; top designer brands oliver had worked for ; countries he d worked in .
all the traditional things duty , honor , country , and family .
until cooler heads prevail in the government and the current dictator is ousted , a siege mentality prevails in this country .
her works have been translated into twelve languages in over twenty countries and she has received starred reviews from both publishers weekly and booklist .
hell tell other people in authority you re needed for the security of this country , and they wo nt say a thing .
everyone lives in fear now , and if he says you re needed to make our country safer from the threat of terrorism , no one will question him .
you ve been in the field , you know about taking sides and doing whatever is necessary for your country .
but what right had she to give up on behalf of her country ?
i m not disputing my mothers wisdom in approaching russia and offering non - exclusive contracts to both countries , but were effectively squashed between the two powers without an inch to move .
i guess when the world restructured into its current countries , we were forgotten in the past .
the running of a country .
the mines have made us a rich country , catherine agreed in part .
we have contracts with powerful countries .
he was neither blind nor closed to the principles of running a country .
gently taking the glass from her shaky hands as he guided her to the closest stool , nicolas replied , they re investigating certain shady dealings he has with what we might call unfriendly countries .
if we find widespread contamination , however , ill take on both countries .
as andrew signs the last document to ensure our country is to be protected and occupied by his men , a woman approaches me .
our country is now safe from the more deadly barbarians and you must fulfill your duties to him .
her books are available in every english - speaking country , available in audio books , and are now being translated into six different languages .
memories flooded him as his eyes fell on souvenir pieces from various countries .
he had taught them to believe in the cause they were fighting for , to honor king and country , and to see these rebel colonists undone .
as you said , i did what i felt i had to doto stay loyal to my king and country .
according to a few editorials , countries can attack us with biological and chemical weapons and the us can no longer threaten to retaliate with nuclear weapons .
his ideas on cross border patrols where later to be adopted by other western countries .
he s the only hope this country has of winning the meurthe prize and , even more important , keeping it away from the germans .
but i reserve my hatred for the betrayers of my country , the rich men like thiers and meurthe who sat on the tribunal that terrible day at the crematorium and signed the death warrants ... or sent us off to prison .
our country is americanizing .
the maestro nodded , raised his baton , and the band played : rise up , children of our country , the day of glory has arrived .
they re all so country .
the grammy - nominated ; four time vma award winning boy band is number one in over twenty seven countries and holds the record for fastest song to reach number one on the billboards charts .
with her hit single reaching number one on the billboard chart in over twenty countries is ... bailey andrews !
they are supposed to publish the results exactly at 10o clock but in our country , it means that the results will be available at 10:30 .
then he wanted that information across the country , also the world , various markets , niches , regions , you name it , he wanted it .
she was like the demon version of a female body builder- or china , the female wrestler , not the country .
do you know why our country fell , reagan ?
she was a young country , an ambitious country , pitted against an old and complacent one .
jarvis threatened to write a letter to the cup committee , and landis predicted that diplomatic relations between the two countries would sink to an all - time low .
he was a spy against the country of his birtha country gone mad with bloodlust , a country he could no longer recognize .
he believed in the law , stood behind his country and could n't believe that his life as he knew it was now over .
they are proud and determined defenders of our country .
the reparations crippled the country who is hitler and what is this train you refer to ?
all for the better , and my job was important : i helped to protect my country , even if i wholeheartedly disagreed with a lot of the asshattery in the government .
we have some general books on a few countries , he said slowly , mentally running through the stores inventory .
she did nt have the skills for third world countries , did nt know the rules , and it was draining her fast .
i will tell them maybe they must go back to their own countries because their own people have lost their religion .
and i will free my country from the west and its interference in our own domestic affairs .
it is an unfortunate part of development in a new country .
only , he was rich because he was president , taking money from his people , skimming a percentage off every dollar that moved in and out of the country .
other countries have managed to protect their wildlife .
the trees may still be standing , but zaire has sold it all to countries like america and japan .
he spoke for hours at the dinner table , about the corruption , about his plans to help change the country , and they sat listening to him , as they would tonight as soon as she found simon .
i fight because i believe this country needs a future better than the one it has now .
the new government will change this country , julius said from between clenched teeth .
we will make a democracy of this country .
it would be sad for your country to lose its culture , she said carefully .
what do you think goes through my mind every time you come to one of these third world countries in the middle of some fucking war ?
enemy of the state was a serious offense in any country .
her country shelled out huge sums of money to keep these assholes in power .
there is nothing your country can do to help .
this country must not be torn apart by civil war that will kill the people .
all research on natural - gas extraction was halted , and soon after , the oil companies lobbied the governments of most countries and convinced them this area of energy drilling was too dangerous .
just as they finished , a cyber war broke out among a myriad of countries , and chemical weapons were released into the air and spread throughout the world .
you need to stop thinking about grandbabies and start thinking about the divorce rate in this country .
i click on images , and what i see is the story of a long relationship that seems to span several countries and numerous events .
her husband was simon hart , a recently deceased software billionaire , she is one of the richest women in the country , and a passionate philanthropist .
how a whole country could take pride in perpetual chaos and seeming incompetence was a mystery to her .
with america 's cold war in full swing , she could n't imagine a democratic country would ever make communism an option .
in my country , assault is a crime .
sally was losing not only the formation of her country 's history , but its pop culture from beatlemania to barbra streisand as well .
my dear friends , he began in his ceo voice , our country is faced with a crisis the likes of which we have never experienced before .
our military has been denied pay for defending our country .
our credit worthiness with other countries is plummeting .
these leeches continue to suck the lifeblood out of our country and reproduce at frightening rates .
no one is arguing that the poor are a drain on our country , said his close friend , senator crane .
people are scrambling to find a vaccine before it hits our country and we already have the vaccine .
without the poor bastards sucking the lifeblood from our country , we can finally return to the proud nation we once were .
its the only city that i m aware of where people from other countries are allowed to visit .
we negotiated trade agreements with the countries of mexico and alaska first and now have some with canada .
what we did have was the vaccine for the moon virus and a lot of countries wanted it .
our needs are different from other countries so we designed the bodies ourselves .
most countries have no need for offroad vehicles .
i created the virus , and i m not sure one can make up for destroying the lives of millions and bringing about the end of a country , he said with a sad smile .
it had everyone terrified of a pandemic killing off half of the country , so the government ordered it for everyone without religious objections .
i know the human lifespan has increased in some countries , but its decreased here .
escaping the problems of our country .
so dense were the fibers that joe , who had ten more years than robert as a paramedic and also served his country as part of a medic unit dispatched overseas to aid in a middle eastern conflict , had struggled to run an intravenous line .
also known as a swastika , the insignia was the clearest indicator of white supremacy in western countries .
there was one wall of windows , and the other walls were littered with pictures of various countries from all over the world .
an odd question , leslie thought , but norman did nt bat an eye as he gave the current year , then continued to respond with the state they were in , the day of the week and even the president of the country .
or is laurence also a big star in this country ?
its not that i do nt like any other country , that s not it .
but i will say that understanding u.s . history as i do , and knowing how common it is for the vast majority of other countries to rule in tyranny and dictatorships over their people , using and abusing their own people as slaves , why would i ever want to visit anywhere else ?
not just inside the mind of a single person , but between people who clash and hate , and not just with people , with societies too , and countries , and races .
two people , two countries , two time zones .
as soon as i volunteered , that man , that false man , reminded me i was bound to my government and country to follow orders , regardless of casualties .
right now i m the number one female rockstar in this country .
are you just going out with him because he s the number one rockstar in the country right nowor because of something else ?
the news likes to distract people from what s really going on inside of their own country by controlling them with their fear .
all sorts of interesting memorabilia hung on the walls and ceilings to give patrons something to look at while they drank - license plates from all over the states ( including funny license plates like play tmn i am late was his budwsr ) , and flags from different countries .
fashion week was always stressful for him , and i had heard there were problems with suppliers and an embargo on a tiny eastern european country that exported handmade glass beads .
can you blame him for turning to brandy when the country he fought for disowns him that way ?
eric , when you say international , how many countries are we talking about ?
he had built hospitals and given aid to starving children in third world countries .
however , we feel that at this stage , the historic consensus achieved in 2026 between the immortal institute and the governments of all democratic countries in the world is still , in our view , the best practice for humanitys use of the cure .
safety of the formula , production plants and stocks of the cure were the top priority of not only the immortality institute , but also the governments of all the countries in the world in which the medicament was available and was always in the publics center of attention , especially since the infamous attempted break - in at the institute five years ago .
in return for the cure , he demanded complete denuclearization , cessation of all military conflicts , introduction of democratic standards in those countries that did nt have them , respect for human rights and protection of the environment .
first immortality clinics were up and running within days in those countries that met the criteria .
nevertheless , speculations that some individuals , personally selected by dr . life , were exempt from waiting till their countries complied with the demands , never ceased .
amaranthine started remembering all the news reports shed seen about the potential danger of a terrorist attack from countries that were denied access to the cure because they were nt prepared to reform to meet the requirements in terms of human rights , environmental care and demilitarization ; dangerous , mainly religious regimes , which had never accepted the loss of their status and leverage on the world , when cold fusion became the main source of energy and the fossil fuels lost most of their value .
the events of the night of april 23 , 2106 should teach the terrorists that america has effective ways of protecting its secrets and treasures , and it does so in the name of all the democratic countries on this planet .
they should focus on education in non - cure countries , daniel said with confidence .
if common people are educated , they understand that unless their countries become democratic and meet other requirements , they will be declined the benefits of the cure .
the us have been trying to bring changes to troubled countries since mid-20th century , and they always failed .
i want to personally make sure we keep the interest up in the us , and the best way of doing that is by publishing reviews and footage from the bands concerts in other countries .
people in different countries gave the sun different names .
a clinical , perfunctory look is common for models of this country , almost predictable , whereas the swedish version of the same thing svelte , eager to go fast and play rough , but hard as hell to live with .
developing countries , raife realized , always go for the sugar first .
in fact , the more time he spent here , the more the two countries appeared similar , like two sides of the same coin .
he s never seen a road in this condition but until now figured , after having lived in developing countries and seeing the kinds of roads they produce , that it was just a local phenomenon , a local job .
raad thinks about it , why only recently has the human rights issue in this country been given priority in the publics mind .
there had never been any sustained public dialogue or criticism about this country before , and there were surely never any government sanctions against it .
it is an illusion , the illusion driving his country to over - consume , oversuck , over - the - counter sell women , to discharge vast quantities of waste into the atmosphere , sea and soil , while hundreds of millions of people go without enough food for the day , and without enough of the basic necessities of life , for the year .
we spend billions of public funds to invade and destroy other countries when we have more than ten million hungry children in our own , one of the richest countries in the world .
we spend billions of public funds to invade and destroy other countries when we have more than ten million hungry children in our own , one of the richest countries in the world .
how can such a rich country still have almost thirty million people living below the poverty level ?
there was nt a single country that was nt affected and it was nt a single disease .
some countries had declared martial law .
it was starting to look as though world war three was going to start as countries started finger pointing and blaming each other for the outbreaks .
sean and i are undercover fbi agents , sent here to find out who was betraying their country .
that scarf went to fifteen different countries with me when i was on tour .
it tends to mean we have to relocate to other countries every once in a while .
maybe i was born the same time as this country , but i ca n't be sure .
that 's as definite as you can get in this country !
' t is a poor thing to say for a country when a free man ca n't take a free fish from a free flowing river !
if it was nt a catholic country i d hate to think what it would be like !
its quite another , to think that performance could be used to disgrace you to the whole country !
sure , do nt you remember the dancing craze that started around the country after the eurovision ?
if i were this sahir , i traveled all over in my early days , been through many countries , made many friends and have fought many an enemy .
the two men heatedly discussed the biggest news stories from around the world , the economy of our country , and the dow .
of course , none of those countries that sought to claim sovereignty knew that the land also housed the most powerful living warlock whose abilities would only be eclipsed by that of the sola .
she envisioned cities burning , countries crumpling ; she saw any and every human being who crossed her path falling , dying .
reports of the il ness were cropping up al over the country , the spread so swift it was quickly becoming an epidemic .
it was a blanket typically found in emergency kits , the kind sold in a standard package with other assorted items at nearly every auto supply or department store across the country .
` ` but you know enough to know possession of such a document would be considered aiding and abetting enemies of our country at the very least . ''
i would n't betray my king and country for any man , '' he said , tugging at his jacket , but it was the cutaway sort and the line of his trousers left no doubt of his roused state .
performers and diplomats are almost the only ones who can travel freely when there are hostilities between countries and no one takes an artist seriously off - stage .
the fact that his actions dovetailed with his duty to king and country was probably the only reason he agreed to help her recover lisette .
my father was on one of the house committees that oversaw the ` ` red influence '' supposedly infiltrating every aspect of the country , including national defense , higher education , and even tobacco farming .
he 's been rolling merrily through life with no ties and no responsibilities except to his constituents and his country , and now he 's discovered that he had a child all along but he 's missed the whole experience .
` ` the countries that were in the former empire ? ''
lucky thing it was big and had so many interesting countries . ''
in the old days we nearly always married into royal families from other countries . ''
i ' m so proud of him for being elected president , and i know he 's going to do a wonderful job running the country .
you 're already married to your family and your country .
i am married to my family and my country and i 'd never give them up .
looking to catherine , she continued , ` ` it 's just that there are so few engineers with nuclear certification that they 're in demand all across the country .
he 's one of the worst rakes this country 's ever seen !
they do country on thursdays . ''
i feel like all the countries ahead of us are ruining the suspense .
` ` before i give you my answer , i 'd like to get the opinion of one of the top businessmen in the country . ''
it gives me such hope for the future of our country .
` ` my corporation has various arms to it - investments in multi - billion dollar properties throughout the world , exports to and from many countries , and most importantly , wine .
the rest are stationed in different countries and do what needs to be done year round . ''
and considering how unlikely it is that same - sex marriage will be legal everywhere in the country in the next years , i doubt they 'll pass a bill allowing us to legalize our relationship as it is . ''
if so , they 're definitely our country 's finest .
my country has been torn apart by terrible things , evil things , none of which are your fault or your making .
` ` i guess i ca n't leave for other countries , anymore .
` ` look , i ' ve been in far worse situations in other countries .
` ` you serve your country . ''
` ` everything that goes to hell in our country is n't the result of a terrorist . ''
cael had done his share of wet work , but that was for another country , in another decade .
instead , the specs could be transmitted in the blink of an eye , and the receiving country or agency could proceed from there .
betraying your country should give a man a headache .
to cael 's way of thinking , the fact that larkin was a naturalized citizen made treason even more heinous , because he was n't a citizen by accident of birth , he 'd actively chosen to become one , he 'd sworn an oath to the country .
these women - and she was now one of them - supported their husbands , their country and each other .
it was a horrible time in our country 's history .
` ` i like paul a great deal and i ' m proud of his service to our country . ''
` ` he 's one of the top agents in the country . ''
she and that group in the institute behave as if they are their own country that exists under its own laws .
several years before he had made a huge fortune in the computer software industry and had become very well known , his face had been plastered on countless advertisements all over the country and many outside of it .
news of a war in a country she 'd barely heard of escalated daily .
she shopped , she watched television , and she made a habit of going to the nearest library and checking out coffee table books of other countries .
she did n't even know what country or countries he 'd been in , though she supposed the authorities could find out just by looking at his passport , assuming he did n't have more than one passport , which she was fairly certain he did .
after all , he made a living slipping undetected in and out of countries .
she did n't want to endure torture and help an enemy of her country .
an enemy of her country ?
he was n't ready to move , and to move before he was prepared could mean the difference between success and failure , with his country 's security at stake .
he 'd been trained for half his lifetime to put his country first , even at the cost of his own life .
because he loved her , he did n't trust himself not to betray his country if she were kidnapped and used as a weapon against him .
while russell had been off doing his job and supporting his country , she 'd been home alone , trying to learn how to manage on a meager budget and hold onto what was left of their life together after she 'd miscarried .
he could make or ruin an entire country on a whim .
funds other countries .
leaving my room , i headed out for work , looking forward to the hours of distraction i 'd find at my job with waters field and leaman , one of the leading advertising firms in the country .
` ` together , these elements will project the outlines of continents and lines of countries , which , in concert with the carvings on the slab , will comprise the map of the simulacra terra prima .
ron had run through every offer they 'd made , every compromise , every piece of information they 'd provided - economic and well as political - to show the merger would be good for the country .
` ` do you know how many police lieutenants there are in this country ? ''
to be a fresh community college grad working for what was arguably the top corporate law firm in the country proved great filler on a resume in the future , opening up better opportunities .
they worked for an organization for years that offered free healthcare and vaccinations in third world countries .
but it does n't mean we 're traitors or that we do n't have the best interests of this country in mind .
it 's fair trade and it encourages development in that country . ''
` ` do you know what the divorce rate is in this country ?
the guard had given them the best of both worlds - they got to be full - time moms who still served their country and stayed in the military and flew helicopters .
the things one does for one 's queen and country ... * * * artemisia tapped her toe with impatience , waiting for her newest subject to emerge from the dressing room .
not the most dignified way to serve queen and country , you must admit .
as a diplomat , you must realize your country 's reputation is in severe jeopardy through your actions .
the number of dentists per capita in your country is completely amazing . ''
moroi and dhampirs lived inside various countries and obeyed those laws , but they also obeyed this government , the one that operated out of the court .
they ' ve come from other countries .
and as always , i ' m grateful to the publishing folks who work behind the scenes to make these books happen : jim mccarthy -- my agent , occasional therapist , and non- stop advocate ; lauren abramo , who keeps finding more countries i ' ve never heard of to send rose to ; jessica rothenberg and ben schrank , editors extraordinaire whom i ' m pretty sure forego food and sleep to perfect these books ; and publicist casey mcintyre , who organizes my tours and interviews , with great care to arrange them around my hair appointments .
she could hear parts of their conversation , but not enough to make sense of their purpose for this emergency flight to beijing , other than that the officials would not negotiate with anyone besides dominic and the governments of both countries were counting on him to remedy the situation .
who would n't want to meet a woman who achieved money and power in a country still mostly dominated by men ?
he has designed a software and a network that could handle the amount of traffic our country would produce if it were to collectively get online . ''
unfortunately , like your country , we are changing so quickly that not all of our decisions are wise ones .
` ` i teach english to students from many countries .
i bet many americans are n't aware of the cultural changes that are sweeping your country . ''
` ` dominic has never cared about the people in any country he has dealt with .
had it been arrogance or obsession which had allowed him to deal with third world countries without ever considering that he could affect more than their exchange rate ?
` ` sheikh rachid bin amir al hantan , crown prince of najriad - a small country but gaining prominence for their technology as well as their oil . ''
his small country had a strong military and an aggressive political policy that had been enough to keep their enemies at bay for nearly thirty years .
it was difficult to imagine being able to rule his country when he had n't yet successfully won over the house staff .
i 'll set you up in any country you want .
anger surfaced for the loyalty rachid had shown a country that thus far did n't appreciate the sacrifices he 'd made for it .
he was offered another option that would have satisfied his father and his country , but he would n't allow you to be publicly disgraced . ''
you think he needs this wedding to save his country , but he could easily have not married you . ''
in the middle of a battle for the sovereignty of his country and for his right to rule it , he had chosen to protect her .
half a man can not lead a country .
you get in with this government and you can set your price with countries instead of companies . ''
jeremy listened to the prime minister drone on about the political climate of his country and was tempted to check his watch .
` ` do you have any other countries lined up ? ''
there is a university out there that is working on a prototype for a toilet they say will improve the living conditions in third world countries .
marie told me you were interested in a certain project to help third world countries .
` ` most of what we do here is pretty transparent , since we hope the technology we 're designing is going to be utilized by many countries in the future .
stone men were fiercely protective of their family and country , but in the home , they were laid - back and more prone to humor than harsh words .
risking their necks in foreign countries while completing dubious government deals had always been a thrill .
` ` the strong , loving woman , dedicated to protecting and serving her country .
` ` what about other countries ? ''
and then he started naming countries .
` ` that 's pretty amazing , the countries thing , '' i said .
name a country . ''
he had a good deal of money - my mother brought him more - and when the old pretender launched his first invasion in 1715 , he raised a regiment , and went to fight for king and country . ''
he served his country in the noblest fashion , working in secrecy and in danger to defeat her enemies . ''
that software was definitely showing up in the hands of a company affiliated with another country .
` ` i would trust cannon with the country 's most sensitive intelligence .
this was his country 's security at stake , something he took very seriously indeed .
` ` not even if my country needed my services ?
within five years the f-22s would merely be equal to other countries ' fighters , rather than vastly superior .
he would give his own life unhesitatingly to protect those planes , because they were necessary to protect his country .
i heard the world 's last country collapsed in january . '
no countries , no cultures , no wars but still no peace .
she did n't want to destroy information that her own country might need .
damon is but a combination of my initials and an abbreviation of our country . ''
and now once again the council would decide his fate as the traditions of his country decreed , a circumstance which did not please him , but one he was duty - bound to accept .
` ` when a country has few natural resources and limited territory , its people and the tourism industry become its greatest assets . ''
members of the royal guard had to be willing to die for their country .
` ` the offense is punishable by imprisonment or death in my country . ''
dominic forced a smile and commenced his job as businessman and ambassador for his country .
` ` i willingly serve my country , but i should not be cursed with an indifferent marriage due to a three - hundred - year - old custom .
he loved her more than the thrill of navigating the oceans , more than serving his country and commanding men .
budget cuts hurt , bases were being closed down all across the country and military spending was being decreased , but he was secure , more secure than he had been since childhood .
we 're contributors to the defense and security of our country .
within a couple of days , the jets would fly in from naval air stations all over the country .
this is a free country . ''
` ` and being number three in the country is just not good enough . ''
sometime around eleven - thirty , geekland moved into first place in the country on the master trivia board , mostly thanks to william .
still knitting enough blankets for a third world country ? ''
we ' ve been hired by smaller countries without the military might of a more developed nation .
we ca n't allow whoever it is in charge - whether it 's alex or tomas - to sell a f**king nuclear weapon to some shithole third world country with a terrorist agenda . ''
who the f**k knows what third world country owes him enough favors that they 'd supply him with military power .
and change perspective , change countries , change everything , and yet she felt miserably immutable inside .
` ` i realize the country 's in a recession , but- '' ` ` i ' m not talking about the economy , '' he said .
we the citizens of mecklenburg county do hereby desolve the political bands which have connected us to the mother country and hereby absolve ourselves from all allegiance to the british crown and abjure all political connection , contract or association with that nation who have wantonly trampled on our rights and liberties and inhumanely shed the innocent blood of american patriots at lexington .
a song of the country .
the top of the desk was a magpie 's nest , littered with inkpots , trinkets , bits of jewelry , bills of lading , tattered quills , silver buttons , ragged bits of paper and crumpled clothing , and a scatter of coins in silver and bronze , copper and gold , currency of several colonies , several countries .
` ` i regret only that i have but one life to give for my country ? ''
that some of your regiment therefore may have a share in the honor of serving their country in this important service , i am to require you to make a choice of thirty men , who shall join the body of my force in this endeavor .
the assembly have gone and made a riotous act , and the people are more inraged than ever , it was the best thing that could be for the country for now we shall be forced to kill all the clerks and lawyers , and we will kill them and i 'll be damned if they are not put to death .
as we have few military engines or implements in this country , i am to request your assistance in procuring me for this service the articles ( cannon , shot , colours , drums , etc . )
61 ultimatums great alamance camp may 16th 1771 to the people now assembled in arms , who style themselves regulators in answer to your petition , i am to acquaint you that i have ever been attentive to the true interest of this country , and to that of every individual residing within it .
great alamance camp friday 17th may 1771 parole - granville countersign - oxford the governor impressed with the most affectionate sense of gratitude gives thanks to both officers and soldiers of the army for the vigorous and generous support they afforded him yesterday in the battle near alamance , it was to their valour and steady conduct that he owed under the providence of almighty god , the signal victory obtained over obstinate and infatuated rebels , -his excellency simpathises with the loyalists for the brave men that fell and suffered in the action , but when he reflects that the fate of constitution depended on the success of the day , and the important services thereby rendered to their king and country , he considers this loss ( though at present the cause of affliction to their relations and friends ) as a monument of lasting glory and honor to themselves and families .
he 'll decide which countries win wars .
different countries , continents , causes all flashed before me as i snatched souls from bodies .
' many unfortunate events occur in times of conflict and , goodness knows , our country has seen enough of such things .
' what occurred there is a matter of everlasting shame to my country , ' he replied .
' those men were a disgrace to their uniform and to their country .
you have to look to other countries to get the good stuff .
the media were n't usually so kind , and their response said a lot about the high regard the country held for the family .
he wanted them to have first chance before he started bringing in theronai from other countries .
` ` he 's public enemy number one in a number of countries .
your mug has been sent to every law enforcement agency across the country .
higgens had his own agenda , wanting to use the men for personal gain that had nothing whatsoever to do with the military and the country he was supposed to serve .
ghostwalkers , waiting for death to strike them down , when they should have been an elite team defending their country .
he was a man , a strong , intelligent man , loyal to his country , and whatever was going on at the donovans laboratories had better be stopped immediately .
i chose third - world countries , places getting rid of their children .
parents rarely abandoned their sons in those countries .
i watched over you for years , protected you as best as i could , but i saw your potential and in seeing it , i realized how a tight team would benefit our country . '
i think colonel higgens and someone at donovans is conspiring to get the reports and sell the information to other countries .
he tested young female children from countries where orphans were plentiful and neglected .
they ' ve tried this type of thing in every country for years and had nothing but failures . ''
lily folded her hands carefully on the table , looking as serene and confident as she could when she wanted to leap at mcentire and brand him a traitor to his country and demand what he knew of her father 's death .
they are human beings , men who were giving service to their country , not lab rats , '' lily objected coolly .
not only are they murderers , but they 're traitors to our country , '' ryland pointed out .
men who served their country .
sell out your country ? ''
` ` it does n't make sense that higgens would have so many men willing to betray their country over this one project .
answer : same - sex marriage recognized in idris , legal for shadowhunters in countries where it is allowed .
idris was not , as is commonly believed , made from land ` ` stolen '' from its bordering countries .
we did business and engaged with our adoptive nations , but we resisted assimilation , prompting allegations of parasitism , of feeding off those host countries like leeches and ticks and lice ( which is how much anti - semitic propaganda depicts us ) .
it 's illegal in most countries and carries a hefty prison term , and rules against it have been in place in some shape or form for the entirety of recorded history .
` ` i think the divorce rate in this country is solid evidence that love and all of its trappings are nothing more than an illusion propagated by fairytales that promise ' happily ever after ' in a world where neither happy nor ever after truly exist .
she could try speaking old english , but that would n't win her any friends here in scotland ; the two countries had been at war for years .
` ` i trust him to see that your daughter is safely returned to your country . ''
` ` you returned one of this country 's rarest treasures .
then there were toiletry items , most of which are easily accessible in the united states , but less so in foreign countries such as cambodia or ethiopia , two countries in which the median income was less than $ 500 a year .
then there were toiletry items , most of which are easily accessible in the united states , but less so in foreign countries such as cambodia or ethiopia , two countries in which the median income was less than $ 500 a year .
by the sixth grade , i was prodigious with trivia : if someone pointed to any country in the world , i could recite statistics , name the capital , tell you what the major exports were , or recite the average rainfall months after skimming the information .
everywhere i looked , i saw the contradiction of the country ; a country struggling to put its past behind it in order to secure a more prosperous future .
everywhere i looked , i saw the contradiction of the country ; a country struggling to put its past behind it in order to secure a more prosperous future .
of all the languages in the countries we visited , cambodian seemed most foreign .
with the departure of u.s . forces from vietnam and no other country willing to intervene , pol pot began his bloody reign .
commercials for primetime live had been airing that week - most of them featuring jeremy front and center and the promise of a major expose - and interview requests were pouring into nate 's office from around the country .
in choosing to serve my country , i 'd made a sacrifice .
in the newspapers , i read about the united nations and how european countries wanted to find a way to keep us from going to war with iraq .
` ` we 're a small but proud country . ''
you are a remarkable young woman our country would be proud to have . ''
` ` raptors are incredibly important in our country .
our country would benefit from another forward - thinking member on the council .
it was articles about the healthcare in their country , reports about chemo and cancer drugs that were n't available in the states .
` ` it 's my goal to spread the fbt to the surrounding countries to educate the public about the importance of raptors .
` ` i do n't know anything about their country and let 's face it , i ' m not the most diplomatic person . ''
for the most part , we are a bilingual country , but all the formal ceremonies will be held in lilarian . ''
he probably needs to end up with someone from a royal family that can help him rule a country . ''
` ` it 's customary when a member of royalty comes to a country that the military serves as an honor guard . ''
` ` this is an important day for our country .
he 'd eventually have to move on and marry someone who could help him rule a country .
i 'd read enough in my idiots guide to the monarchy that i knew he had to marry someone of royal blood who would be able to help him rule the country .
` ` royals have married royals from other countries throughout history .
` ` it 's almost like you guys are the parents and the country is your child . ''
` ` i sat there , watching you make your argument , and thought , she could run the country , this girl of mine .
however , since you do wish for me to explain myself to you , i will tell you this : while the majority of the physicians and surgeons in this country may be deaf to new ideas and innovative ways of thinking , i am not , and neither was my father . ''
the lengthwise incision is the traditional way of performing the procedure , the one that is practiced by the majority of surgeons in this country .
hell , you probably think it would be a wonderful idea for my wife to be the instigator of the greatest scandal this country has ever seen .
i suppose it might make sense that a man who is as sick as he is would want to get his hands on your father 's journals , where he might discover other possible treatment options that physicians in this country are otherwise ignorant of . ''
` ` she is the daughter of lord and lady hampstead , our former ambassador to your country , and the man who has her is the very one who killed her parents . ''
she should have all these good ole boys kissing her ass just like the rest of the country .
you belong to uncle sam , and he gets pretty pissy when his recruits show up in foreign countries on private missions . ''
i returned to the book , where staff sergeant max mayhem was regretting that he had but one life to give for his country , but i kept thinking about that little kid , and how much i liked her .
not only will that be financially costly for you , the negative publicity will knock you right off the list of top fertility clinics in the country .
we have four global operating centers and service one hundred fifty countries .
` ` it must have been hard , living in all those different countries , '' she said slowly and glanced over at dee .
` ` we 're looking for ways to serve our country . ''
i , for one , would like to hear more about matthew 's strategy for guiding our country rather than about photos that divert your attention from getting to know the smart , dynamic leadership style of matthew landis . ''
that political sway continued now in her tenure as ambassador to a small but politically powerful south - american country .
diplomats from around the country had congratulated them last night at the d.c . dinner party .
and his mom just happened to be ambassador to a small neighboring country .
we could do this in any number of countries while i work restoration projects . ''
` ` something smug about- '' she lowered her voice to mimic his ` ` -hav**g s*x in different countries is a fabulous goal . ''
his mother was all protocol out in the political world , but with her family she still kept things real - even though she was now an ambassador to a small south american country .
because no doubt , this savvy stateswoman would be every bit as tenacious in protecting her family as she was in negotiating for her country .
they both knew that the god , country , and brotherhood bit they ' d each and separately had drummed into their heads in school was n't quite where it was at today .
a year ago , they 'd ranked eleventh in the world overall , which would have been good enough to represent virtually every other country in the olympic games .
japan and china had been at war for four years , and throughout the spring of 1941 , more countries had fallen to the wehrmacht , including yugoslavia and greece .
he traveled to a dozen different countries getting various projects under way , and he felt like his life had true purpose , that he was making a difference . ''
` ` if we start playing with the constitution , we ' ve been told we open it up to all sorts of revisions , including those from some of the more religious factions in our country who would prefer a government that was less westernized and more like our neighbors . ''
you could bring power to countries that ca n't afford it . ''
i assure you i will do my duty to my country , then my part in this archaic ritual will be done .
` ` he 's also harping about and how you 're going to send the country into deep debt with this new green energy project . ''
i will , of course , assure the country that the green project is the best course of action .
they 'd had valid points , but if they could not collectively settle on a single bride soon , their country would be in ruins .
his country was at stake .
and if he managed to impregnate her , all the better for him and his country .
she hummed a little as she stared at the endless list of numbers that added up to one happy fact : she could make her green energy theories work if she could find a company big enough and a country willing to try it .
he 'd told her he was simply making sure she followed his country 's customs .
no country customarily wore manolo blahniks and louboutin stilettos .
if this was bezakistani custom , then the whole country would be bankrupt very soon .
we 're so happy you ' ve allowed us to escort you to our country . ''
when she 'd asked , she 'd been surprised to discover that unlike the countries around them , bezakistan was n't very religious .
he was the very image of the last sheikh , a man who had brought their country enormous wealth and who had fought off invaders almost all his life .
she is intelligent and understands the chief business of our country .
though if i had any proof that khalil betrayed his country , i would certainly plead for a swift trial . ''
but my country 's government works slowly , and it 's more concerned with ensuring our safety and economic well - being than fixing cultural problems . ''
rafiq believed in his country 's traditions .
tal had been with her in every meeting , deferring to her , allowing her to speak for the country .
imagine it , a country utterly dependent on oil bringing about the change to green , renewable energy . ''
luckily , the us government was n't at all interested in allowing our country to fall to radicals .
they had actually stolen her , smuggled her out of the country , almost causing an international incident , but by the time she 'd emerged from their concubine period , she 'd been sated and happy and ready to play the gracious queen .
according to all the laws of their country , she was theirs .
as rafe and i explained , it 's tradition in our country to steal a bride .
tal was the head of the country .
the country was dependent on stocks and oil futures .
but you should understand that we only have a few months before the crown reverts to khalil , who will bring in radicals and change the face of this country forever .
even if she did n't remain their concubine , if khalil overtook the country , all her work would go down the toilet .
` ` it 's a skill my country can use . ''
my country does n't need more american influence . ''
no countries or people .
vile words meant to throw his country back into the dark ages .
something like that could have destabilized the country .
there could have been riots , and the countries around you would have pounced .
` ` i had to choose my country over a woman who trusted me . ''
if i could n't choose my country ? ''
five hundred of the country 's wealthiest and most influential people waited to see her walk down the aisle in the plaza 's grand ballroom .
dominic said he could n't sit in a classroom when his country was in danger .
he 'd left behind a pampered upbringing to protect and serve his country .
` ` conflict diamonds come from war - torn countries right ? ''
i know it 's not fair , but there are conservative factions in this country that would do anything to topple my throne and set us all back a thousand years .
it 's going to fight international slavery and push the united nations and other countries to advance women 's rights . ''
they 're a small country , but they 're sitting on a wealth of resources .
every citizen in the country gets a portion of the money from the oil they put out .
yeah , i know their neighboring countries think it 's a mortal sin . ''
you are always welcome in our country . ''
besides , some of the things she 'd been telling zachary about foreign countries sounded a bit interesting .
the moroi rulers might be a mostly symbolic government within another country 's larger government , but they had systems of justice , and i 'd heard about moroi prisons .
the man was going to get nothing but the best medicine and best protection his country could provide him ; frank only wished he could tell jay why , but that was n't possible .
` ` i remember the names of the heads of state of just about every country in the world , too , '' steve replied .
in the previous five years , the russian had been to some third - world countries that would n't bind him in a lot of red tape .
` ` this should be a top headline across the country , maybe even the world .
but to allow a bank account that could buy out small countries to disappear into the melting pot of charity , or to the cousin blake had mentioned , would be a shame .
` ` blake told me that a title without the estate is like a king without a country .
or any head of state in any foreign country .
` ` baking enough bread for a third world country ?
how can you trust a leader who sends his country 's children directly into the enemy ?
the crust is so hard you could use it to stone rape victims in backwards countries with misogynistic laws .
holy hell , he was thirty years old , had a net worth that a small country would envy , and made speculative investments before his morning coffee that were so risky that failure meant professional - or real - suicide .
and not that many countries , mom .
i ' ve used bodyguards in certain countries , of course , but i do n't need protection on mimosa key . ''
and he 's masterminded this charity program where a portion of every game ticket sold is going to a foundation he 's starting called no kidding that gives goats to families in third world countries to help feed them with goat 's milk . ''
authorities were on their way to pick up the bookkeeper , and his assets in a number of other countries had been frozen .
their country owed these silent knights countless debts that could never be acknowledged .
even super space - power countries with access to a constellation of satellites barely stood a chance of detecting the nanosecond microburst of data from the tracking device , activated only when an agent disappeared .
her country was counting on her to present a convincing act .
someday soon , i ' m going to use all my vacation days at once and do every one of those things in all those languages in each of those countries . ''
` ` aside from the value of it , the diplomatic repercussions alone could start an all - out war between the countries . ''
i ' ve been collecting secrets for years and giving them to my country .
who 'll care about one of your long - gone turncoat agents selling my country a few laboratory secrets thirty years ago anyway ? ''
worldwide efforts to freeze assets of countries sponsoring terrorism had left debruzkya seeking alternative methods to finance his network .
the future of my country . ''
the freelance interpol agent used his job as a world - renowned formula one race - car driver to slip in and out of countries without question .
he 'd used that influence to shift the balance of power between countries by manipulating the strength of a country 's currency .
he 'd used that influence to shift the balance of power between countries by manipulating the strength of a country 's currency .
who traveled by helicopter besides the military and the country 's president ?
he 'd only barely redeemed himself by tanking corporations that used child - labor sweatshops in other countries .
now rowan used all his money to start clinics in third - world countries .
` ` and can you think of any other corporation in the country that will pay you the salary you 're currently earning in the position you hold ? ''
like that did n't happen every night of the week to guys in some countries .
` ` oh , so he 's already made it to the countries beginning with a y , has he ? ''
she 'd had no idea there was such a sweeping anti - lauren campaign developing across the country these days .
` ` this country loves to make heroes out of everyday folk , then once those heroes reach their peak of popularity , this country loves to tear them down again . ''
` ` this country loves to make heroes out of everyday folk , then once those heroes reach their peak of popularity , this country loves to tear them down again . ''
and then , just for good measure , this country loves to kick them a few more times while they 're down . ''
but ultimately , this assignment could force you to do quite a lot of traveling , to other cities and countries where kimball technologies has holdings .
one who betrays his country by aiding its hostile occupants . ''
a rebel without a cause , a kid without a country , a searcher without a clue .
like , for example , lots of other boards of directors , all across the country .
he was going to have to do what countless other men before him had done for the sake of king and country , what people throughout history had done in order to preserve honor , and integrity , and fidelity .
after that came the endowment for the international educational fund for the children - or iefc , as it 's more familiarly known - which has built schools in twenty - three countries so far . ''
it 's not like he 's trying to cure cancer or bring peace to a war - torn country . ''
he was a descendent of some of the very people who had designed the way the country did business .
she 'd done a lot for her country this week .
the least her country could do was let her enjoy a minute in the snow .
he also liked to win , and with a prize as valuable as the heir to his country , this was one battle he would n't back down from .
my country is in upheaval right now with the death of my father , and my brother making a play for the throne .
` ` your country 's problems are not my concern , adriane , '' she said .
i do n't want to be all over the media , to have to think about every decision i make , to be worried that i may embarrass your country .
she will embrace you when the weighted decisions of this country hang heavy upon your shoulders .
adriane could figure out his country 's problems , but he did n't know how to open his heart to rachel .
maybe he would help her to escape so a proper queen could be found for his country .
we went to many countries and the places i saw opened my eyes to the tragedies people encounter .
` ` would the country fall apart ?
it 's not something i ' ve really processed , but i do know that i do n't even have my own life figured out , let alone know how to rule a country . ''
in years past , before his father 's final illness , adriane had been carefree , worried only about making a few billion more to add to his and his country 's portfolios .
the homes and businesses they built in third world countries changed lives .
the point is that the destruction contained the seeds of the nation 's rebuilding , because instead of brother fighting brother , the country 's people now had to come back together to restore their lives . ''
he 'd made many successful deals with business leaders in other countries , bringing a steady stream of income to corythia .
i have obligations at home , a country in upheaval since the death of my father , and a brother who is on a vendetta , '' he said , thanking the waitress when she set down his coffee .
` ` yes , he did a good job of ruling his home and his country . ''
he did do a lot of volunteer work , but most of the time when he was gone for extensive periods of time , it was n't because he was building homes in third world countries ; it was because he was saving lives , fighting terrorism and protecting the people he loved - all without their ever knowing .
all those times you were supposedly in other countries building homes and helping the poor - were you on missions then , too ? ''
the merger would create tens of thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in revenue for both countries .
we had two homes , two countries , and it 's reflected in a split in each of our personalities , i think .
maybe she was expected to dodge bullets in other countries he was invading ?
hell , maybe she 'd even leave the country once her trust fund was back in place .
yes , she 'd traveled to numerous other countries , lounged on beaches around the world , and sat in the vip section of all the best clubs , but she had nothing to show for it .
he 'd gained these scars saving lives , protecting their country , and no doubt by doing a mission that was incredibly risky .
` ` i deal with a lot of countries , and i have a knack for picking up languages . ''