megan knew there was no point in arguing with him or trying to get one of the residents to take his place .
his jolly demeanor has totally vanished , in its place is nothing but a cool , detached stare .
when his finger moved inside her and his thumb continued on in it 's place , she could feel herself floating higher and higher .
it started off as a snort in place of a chuckle , but as she looked to the right , she found another nude , of the same man !
as if the guards could take the place of the man she '' d lost !
gone were the casual slacks and open neck shirts and back in place was the business man .
` ` memorization has its place .
he should have gone home with one of the lovely ladies tonight who had been more than willing to take brianna 's place .
but not very safe for a sweet , gentle reporter who might break the story before all the pieces fall into place . ''
he hated seeing her in pain and would have traded places with her if it was possible .
a few things slid into place .
gone were the stiff - looking business skirt and blouse , the sensible shoes , and in their place she wore form fitting jeans and a peasant blouse .
he hauled the saddle off of walter and put it in its place .
instead , rose was taking her place as cook on the campout .
morgan hesitantly took their place and began to speak .
she hurried from the room and took her place at the beginning of the procession .
to his surprise , a number of things fell swiftly into place .
his scowl resumed its place by the time she replaced her hat and stopped celebrating .
` ` take your place .
he snatched up rose 's hand , drew her own ring off her finger and jammed the one cab picked out in its place .
suddenly all the missing pieces clicked into place .
in his place was a stern , take - charge officer .
in its place was uncertainty .
` ` take my place . ''
lose my place ?
you 're supposed to take my place .
like fila , mia had moved onto the double - bar - k just before the beginning of december and though she 'd first lived with ned , that had n't worked out and she 'd eventually switched places with fila to move in with luke .
lost her place .
luke liked things in their place .
she found a dish towel and tucked it into the waistband of her jeans in place of an apron , then pulled out chicken , vegetables , cheese , bread and butter .
or maybe not as , i thought , remembering why i 'd decided against it in the first place : i could n't deal with her questions , nor did i have the energy to recall all that had happened or , worse yet , acknowledge my mistakes and whatever hard facts i needed to accept .
now my tears were depleted , and anger and humiliation had taken their place .
but worse than that , i left her with no apology , no explanation , and i never broke it off - not officially anyway - because there was nothing to be broken off in the first place .
there was no nervous pacing around the phone wondering if he was going to call and ask for a second date because everything between us fell naturally in place .
most days i thought he would , when i felt like maybe he was the one who sent logan to me in the first place .
put in my place by my own offspring .
i did n't think he 'd even noticed it , and i definitely was n't going to point it out , but it had made my heart flutter , seeing how easily we had fallen back into place .
there are so many things you do n't understand , so many things that are n't my place to tell you .
i wish more than anything i could take back that afternoon and give you something better in its place , but i ca n't .
now roman 's smile was gone and in its place was a look of passion so deep , so intense that serena clutched the album , her shield , even tighter .
as much as she itched to put sophia redgrave in her place she would not do it at the expense of kylie 's happiness .
when i asked why he wanted me back , why he had n't stayed with his wife , he said he 'd never wanted her in the first place .
gone were the frown that had darkened his face , gone was the intense stare that was almost a glare , and in their place was a half - smile that , while not totally reassuring , made her breathing just a little bit easier .
her plan in place , erin began to pound the pavement .
the pleased puss look disappeared and in its place was a frown .
in his place was a man whose face could only be described as sour .
in its place was a man so relaxed and cordial and gorgeous that she was having a hard time keeping her eyes off him .
based on the rest of the conversation it seemed the plan had been in place for over a year . ''
in their place were the soft pink lips that had chastised him the evening before .
the laughter in becky 's voice was gone and in its place was a hint of concern .
the cold , formal assistant who had worked in his office was gone and in her place was a softer , gentler creature .
the laughter was gone from his steel gray eyes and in its place was a look so intense that , despite the warmth from the sun , she shivered .
at her words the tension in his face slid away and in its place was a look even more frightening than his rage ... because it was a look of supreme confidence , made even more worrying by the wicked smile on his lips .
the defiance had left the woman 's eyes and in its place was the sadness that golden had seen creep in before .
in its place was a look so cold it made her shiver .
they were gone , those deep brown ones like molten dark chocolate , and in their place were eyes as hard as flint .
now that she was within touching distance of him , now that he was holding her hand , the firm and resolute anya petersen had fled and in her place was a woman whose heart was pumping at the feel of his fingers on hers , whose mouth had gone dry at the glimpse of the dark hairs on his chest .
by this time the shock was gone from rafe 's face and in its place was a look of pure anger .
before he 'd gotten all the words out blake 's smile had disappeared and in its place was a glare that said she was not amused .
with each sip she took , the tension that had made her sit up straight in her chair now flowed out of her and in its place came a mood so mellow that she did n't even flinch when , out of the blue , ryder asked her a question about jerome .
as the massaging continued , she could feel some of the tension starting to melt away , though an overwhelming urge to sleep quickly took its place .
he knew he had stalkers that would want to see emma removed so they could ` ` take her place . ''
it was difficult to put the pieces of my fuzzy memory back into place and i was still trying to understand how it all happened .
in a week , no one would even be able to tell i had been in an accident in the first place .
i wish my father and mother could have been there to walk me down the aisle , but i know they would be happy to have grace take their place .
he took my breath away , stealing it for himself and making me forget that i had ever needed to breathe in the first place .
dr . james took my place as i stepped back .
it was like a puzzle piece finally clicking into place .
he patted his shoulder for me to retake my place .
she 'd wanted to stay here , where she was comfortable , to spend some time with liam , without wondering who was waiting in the wings ready to take her place .
` ` does that mean i could knock you out and take your place , and he would n't notice ? ''
she turned away before the image of her own face appeared in place of the girl 's .
paul tried to take ben 's place , but he did n't have the same temperament .
` ` when does this reassignment take place ? ''
` ` rosie ca n't lose that place .
he wished he could swap places with emily .
we began to switch places back then to protect each other .
` ` she was terrified that we 'd swap places , so i grew the mustache for her .
i ' m afraid that swapping places is out of the question for us in the future . ''
but then the surprise was gone and a very unexpected satisfied smile settled in its place .
it was taking place at a castle in scotland situated between rannoch moor to the south and the highlands to the north .
so yes , she thought as she abandoned her half sandwich to the trash bin , sex was her current worst fear , but she allowed that there could be others in the future that would take its place in the queue .
her eyes moved from the manuscript back to victor and all the pieces fell into place .
julianna presented a cool , sophisticated , even icy demeanor to the world but that woman was gone and in her place was this sexy , warm giving woman that heated his blood with her need for him .
his anger was gone and in its place was something more , a realization that struck her almost painfully since he was so on target .
she cried out and almost whimpered when his mouth took the place of his mouth .
instead of dinner , he took her down to the beach and fed her shrimp and cheese , then stripped her of the bathing suit she 'd donned only an hour earlier , making love to her on a blanket as the moon rose to take the place of the sun .
i need to discuss something with an acquaintance i just saw but would you mind dancing with ms . mallory in my place ? ''
in its place was a sleek , brand new vw bug in a dazzling green color .
asked me out to dinner and said he 'd be happy to take gary 's place . ''
since i was out of town , then both of us were sick and the temp who took her place while allyson was out did n't know what to do with this , it was n't ever sent . ''
` ` i 'll take their place , '' sergei 's deep voice said from the doorway of the kitchen .
the pieces fell into place .
` ` if i could have traded places with you , i would have .
the doctor moved back and rashid took his place .
no , she 'd never ask her sister to take her place .
gone was that girl and in her place was a sophisticated , elegant woman and , despite his previous objections to her wishes , he was very proud of all that she 'd accomplished and how she presented herself .
the vulnerability she 'd glimpsed was immediately gone and in its place was that sharp , instantaneous intelligence that never failed to make her nervous when he was pointing it in her direction .
suddenly , the laughter was gone and there was only silence in its place .
gone was the arrogance and in its place was a reverence for both woman and child .
as soon as she wiped one tear away , there was another immediately behind to take it 's place .
unfortunately , her plan on finding someone to take sal 's place would have to be put on hold .
her suspicions had been confirmed : laci was out and a new belle had taken her place at the ball .
on the weekends , she was either in her office plowing through the administrative forms and reports she was now required to submit , or she left the city , pushing herself harder to find something to take the place of michael 's kisses and the feelings they generated .
all the pieces fell into place .
i was hoping i could get someone else to go in my place , but something 's happened so it has to be me . ''
her words made domenico recall why he came home early in the first place and he pulled away ruefully , pulling her shirt back down with a sigh .
dio 's training for misty to take her rightful place as the next pack leader 's wife began the next day .
the adrenaline of their performance was quickly waning and cold reality was taking its place .
` ` think martha would mind if i took your place ? ''
christian looked up to find luke in evangeline 's place at the table .
you 're the reason why francesca left in the first place , '' vladimir hissed at him .
unfortunately , pop rocks had taken their place , pinging around her insides and burning .
the autumn leaves fell to the ground , leaving bare limbs in their place .
hopefully , daisy barnes would take this woman 's place and spare him any more embarrassment .
` ` you know , i was never a fan of getting back together with an ex , because usually there 's a reason why an ex is your ex in the first place . ''
in her place was a woman who did n't trust him .
` ` my father paid off the rightful earl of spenserfield and took his place .
she needed to take the rest of the week off , and think long and hard about what had prompted her to come back to holland springs in the first place .
it had been her idea to get married in the first place .
in its place were comfortable - looking seating areas , a table for two , and freshly painted cabinets , and granite countertops in the kitchen , as well an antique dresser with a flat - screen television on top .
her dad took his place on the other side .
no one gets to take your place in here , si . ''
once luke gets his promotion , i just want you to know that you can take his place , if you so wish it . ''
she 'll be taking luke 's place once he gets stationed in new york headquarters soon . ''
my mind was whirring with all the words until it finally came into place .
but a new weight took its place .
` ` your place . ''
* trevor exchanged devon 's place with allison .
the pieces all clicked into place .
someone else took her place .
he reached out and pulled the chair back and took the other man 's place .
claudette , his stepmother , had taken her place , and even though she 'd always loved julian and andre just as much as she 'd loved her own child lecie , julian had never forgotten his real mother .
not only did andre appear to know his place , he seemed content with the position .
` ` in a year 's time , you will have taken my place as head of this family - well , second to papa . ''
' i ' m sure you 'll find another man , ' he drawled , aware there were many ready to slide into the place he 'd just vacated .
he remembered arrogantly determining to put her in her place , not realising at the time that her place would be at his side .
he remembered arrogantly determining to put her in her place , not realising at the time that her place would be at his side .
had he been thinking then that she could take kirsty 's place ?
i ca n't take her place , hal .
' i would n't want you to -- take kirsty 's place , karen .
i want us to get married again , karen , have the life together that we planned in the first place . '
in place of her usual uniform for carrying out her deal with him , she wore a clingy green top outlining her lovely full breasts and a swinging frilled skirt in green and orange and brown - strappy orange sandals on her feet .
' believe me ... you will not be required to sit in my place again . '
she rose from her chair with a fluid sexiness that had probably been practised a million times , giving him pouty air kisses on both cheeks before tucking her arm around his in a cosy hug and leading him to the chair at the head of the table - the man 's place .
' no one can take your place , merlina .
' my place then , ' he pressed decisively .
chapter nine his place !
the wretched weight of the deceit she had allowed to stay in place with james today crept up on her and it was suddenly very clear that she could n't go through with deceiving her mother about anything .
ryan says steve will want to bring ... '' ` ` yes , of course , '' amy rushed in , her heart contracting at the thought of the pregnant blonde on steve 's arm , queening it in amy 's place .
the production was already in place .
by the time she finished blow - drying her hair it was full of bounce and so was she , looking forward to keeping jake in his place .
' explain to me how you managed to take isabella 's place without anyone questioning it , ' he commanded , pushing himself upright and walking over to where she sat , standing over her , using deliberate intimidation to draw what he wanted out of her .
yet to survive she had to take bella 's place for marco rossini .
yet he could n't bring himself to tell his grandfather the truth - that bella was dead and he 'd brought jenny kent in her place to ease the guilt and pain over his lost son .
the whole story poured out , from convincing herself that taking on bella 's identity for a while would not harm anyone to dante 's insistence that she come to capri in bella 's place .
she reached the pergola and took her place without mishap .
ruthless purpose slid back into place .
he 'd have to second someone else to take liz hart 's place while she was off with his mother .
you 'll find them issued in the name of joyce hancock and first thing to do is notify the tour company that you 'll be travelling in her place . '
' in place of me ? '
chapter thirteen b y midafternoon friday , cole found himself totally irritated by the temporary assistant taking liz 's place .
sally tensed , expecting some kind of hit back at her , but the moment of venom passed and mockery took its place .
she and jane had been well and truly taught their place in the maguire household .
' in their place , ' she snapped back at him .
their first deal was still in place .
immediately , he removes his mouth as if that reaction was the only reason he had nudged his head into the shirt flap in the first place .
that knowledge and sexual prowess made her irresistible to the pleasure - sated emperor , and from that night on no one could usurp her place as the imperial bed - partner .
helena then takes her place at the head of the table .
there was gina , pregnant and glowing , with adam standing beside her , waiting to take his place as best man .
but fantasies and great - amazing - sex did n't take the place of love .
in its place sat a gloriously new and shiny truck , bright red in color , boasting a massive white bow on its roof .
as if his mind and heart had taken a step aside , leaving only the ruthless businessman in their place .
the fact that she was standing there in the doorway , intruding on his work time was his own damn fault though , for leaving the door open in the first place .
which only went to prove that he 'd been right about hiring her in the first place .
rafe dropped his head and rested his forehead against katie 's , feeling his world , his life slide into place again .
but she blinked them back so quickly , they were gone before he could even really ask himself why they had appeared in the first place .
` ` no man wants to think he 's taking the place of some other guy .
` ` sean said the same thing , but he 's not taking steven 's place .
as if the puzzle pieces of his life had fallen into place .
so staying here kept him sane and rafe and katie 's place occupied .
she watched her son and the man she loved together and her whole world suddenly fell into place .
if there was a professional thief operating in his place , then that thief would be found .
teresa knew that man too well to think that he would allow jewel thieves to operate freely in his place .
but papa , he wo n't allow thieves to operate in his place .
before us , you were fighting with the irish , and then you were in- '' ` ` i fought the irish , '' royce interrupted with a mocking smile , ` ` because they crowned lambert simnel king and then invaded us in an attempt to put him on the throne in henry 's place . ''
` ` it took nothing less than the threat of death , added to the threat of impoverishment to make me agree to have you in the first place . ''
however , my place is with you .
the settlement has already taken place ! ''
first , the man who occupied the hodges ' place was clayton westmoreland , the ` ` missing '' duke of claymore .
use it to face the inevitability of our marriage , because i assure you that the marriage is going to take place .
if she had n't worn that damned gown and taken off her betrothal ring , if her hair were n't so thick and lustrous with that shining gold chain entwined in it , if she had n't looked so heart - breakingly beautiful and desirable , he 'd never have accepted marie 's silent invitation to join her on the terrace in the first place .
` ` since we seem to have no secrets from one another , '' he said quietly , ` ` do you mind telling me why whitney wrote the note in the first place ? ''
in place of the exhilarating things she used to enjoy , there was the dubious challenge of learning to pour tea while holding the pot at just the right angle , of placing one 's fork and knife in the correct place after dining - trivial things , to be sure , but as aunt cornelia said , ` ` knowing how to behave is your most valuable asset - your only one , in our circumstances . ''
first i murder him , and then i take his place , '' he gritted caustically .
in which case '' -he lifted his glass in a mocking toast to his own powers of reason- '' it appears to me that you could discharge your debt to her by simply finding her another fiance to take burleton 's place .
sherry had happily switched places with her and held noel in her lap .
` ` you ' ve actually taken my place . ''
` ` you ' ve taken my place ... you tricked me into marrying morrison with all your talk of romance , and then you took my place .
` ` you ' ve taken my place ... you tricked me into marrying morrison with all your talk of romance , and then you took my place .
to that end , he had brought with him two impeccably qualified governesses to take her place .
since lady skeffington had taken her daughter to devon , where she had heard the future duke of norringham spent his bachelor days during july , nicki had only to convince sir john to accept two governesses in place of one - an easy feat since stephen westmoreland would be secretly paying more than half their wages for the first year .
in place of that , she lifted her eyes to his , and in their fathomless depths he saw only sweet acceptance and quiet joy .
pride and common sense kept meredith from blurting out that he 'd misunderstood and that no one had taken his place ; maturity stopped her from pretending he 'd never had a place in her heart .
in the past , she 'd repeatedly mentioned her intention of following tradition and taking her place at bancroft 's , but either he had n't listened or he had n't believed her .
in another year , when her boss retired , lisa was slated to take his place as director of visual presentation .
in its place there was nothing ... nothing except disgust and pity .
at thirty - seven , he had lost the brashness of youth , and in its place his face had acquired a hard - bitten strength that made him look even more attractive - and more uncompromising .
he 'd taken off the jeans that had gotten damp while he was searching outside for her keys , and in their place he was wearing a pair of gray slacks that molded themselves to his hips and the long length of his muscled legs .
gone was the carefully rehearsed speech she 'd planned , and in its place came a torrent of anguished words .
rather than hating , meredith looks for ways to excuse the inexcusable in people she loves - including me , by telling herself i was justified in leaving her because i 'd been forced to marry her in the first place . ''
` ` my place , '' she said bitterly .
the restlessness in her face was gone now ; in its place was a calm serenity she 'd never possessed in her youth .
later , an actual gunshot would be dubbed in , in place of the soft pop of the blank shell in rachel 's gun , and zack watched tony wrest the gun from her , waiting for the perfect moment in their struggles before he called , ` ` gunshot ! ''
during all that time , the only disagreement zack and julie had took place the night of their engagement , and it was about zack 's adamant insistence on paying for the wedding .
you 're going to try to run the restaurant in his place , is that it ? ''
at eleven , childress and he switched places at the window , and childress poured himself a cup of coffee from the carafe that room service had delivered while macneil was on watch .
despite her advanced years , the duchess sat as regally erect as a queen , a purple turban perched upon her white head in place of a crown , a cane in her hand instead of a scepter .
take a year or two to teach her what she needs to know in order to take her place as my duchess . ''
` ` my place is at home . ''
in place of the cold animosity that had marked his mood yesterday , his tone today was impeccably polite , impersonal , and businesslike .
in her place was this ravishing young beauty of uncertain temperament whom he felt an uncontrollable , irrational need to tame and to make respond to him as she once had .
quietly he said , ` ` what exactly do you know about what takes place between a husband and wife in bed ? ''
he recalled the torment of the first weeks after she 'd left him and compared it to the cold , blessed numbness that had now taken its place .
in its place is something else - something that reignites that little pulse of heat deep inside of me .
all frustration is gone from his voice , and in its place i hear regret .
tomorrow , i 'll sneak back into the cellar and glue these labels on other bottles - ones that have n't made it into the database yet - and if i pull this off , no one will notice that either wine was gone in the first place .
but when his mother called very late the night before asking him to meet callie today , he sent his vice president of operations in his place to chicago and came straight here instead .
he moved away from her as jake took his place .
despite her best effort , kevin 's image disappeared and nate 's took his place .
the anger he 'd heard before diminished , but sadness took its place .
she knew his dad had been the ceo of the family 's company , walsh and miles construction , the largest construction company on the east coast , until kevin took his place .
when his grandmother stepped down as director in the eighties , his own mother had taken her place and expanded the foundation even more .
` ` addie , why do n't you stay with me and let your brother have your place ? ''
something similar to jealousy , perhaps envy , swept through him before happiness took its place .
it was his place , and my eyes burned as fresh tears began to form once again .
i gave a curt nod and turned to leave , not remembering the reason i entered the kitchen in the first place .
just because lou was gone did n't mean someone else could n't take his place .
i was sent in his place as a representative . ''
i jot down lyrics telling my story - how i wonder who will take my place after i ' m gone and how i am secretly desperate for him to ask me to stay because i love him so much .
i do n't get to decide i 'll go in her place .
` ` she 's here to sing in my place . ''
hell yeah , i have every right to know , but does that mean i can handle it if there have been women taking my place ?
` ` i 'd really like that a lot , but i ' m willing to accept your answer in its place .
i ' m imagining jack henry with gray hair in place of his near black .
when everything is in its place , i text him to see if he 's finished making his calls .
a man of tempestuous passion had emerged in his place .
i hope abbas will come around when it 's time for him to take my place .
in place of the freedom to lead his own life , there loomed in his future undreamed - of power .
he 'd ordered his men to get rid of the paparazzi , to take their place , to pretend to ambush them on his signal .
i bet he did n't think i 'd investigate that when he created his alter ego ... '' he stopped , rose slowly to his feet , a tide of rage advancing over his face as everything seemed to fall in place in his mind .
i placed the ice back in the glass and did as he asked , imagining vincent 's sinful mouth in place of my hands .
vincent put his clothes back on and i had to make do with a blanket in place of the garments that had been destroyed in the heat of last night 's passion .
or demand that i 'd bring them to his place .
one of the boxers appeared to make him so irritated he pulled him aside and stepped in his place , showing him the correct footwork .
but how could i tell him to stop when i 'd given him the gift in the first place ?
in its place , a set of wooden stairs snaked their way up to the top .
really , it was more like say ouch and shove it deep inside the black hole that i half - seriously believed existed in place of my heart .
he moved his hands out of the way so i could put mine in their place .
my strength was gone , and all that existed was his strength in its place .
everything clicked into place .
when micah took his place by the campfire , it was even worse .
she did n't want to think about it , but as soon as she stopped , thoughts of hollywood 's most eligible bachelor crept in its place .
` ` then why were you seeing her in the first place ? ''
she pulled the fabric to her mouth and licked the spot off her dress , leaving a brown smudge in its place .
` ` but tell me again why you thought i 'd be up for taking rosie 's place ? ''
` ` i hear you 're taking rosie 's place last minute . ''
` ` like anyone could take rosie 's place , '' she said .
she should send lexie to the spa in her place .
he was still soaking it in when heather was called to her place .
and myself for falling in with the prick in the first place .
i barely heard the goodbyes the men exchanged with hudson before they took my place in the car , and how i made it the short distance to his office was beyond me .
` ` besides , '' i said , reaching to grab the piece of paper , ` ` if you start producing this energy efficient bulb in the american plant in its place , you 'll maintain those jobs and save money with that new tax law .
the whole charade had started in the first place so that celia and hudson 's parents would stop trying to pair up the two .
having celia as a friend did n't take the place of liesl .
` ` did he tell you who was taking your place ? ''
` ` are you upset because you assume i want you to take david 's place ? ''
but if you are unwilling , then i hope you will be instrumental in deciding who will take his place instead . ''
i do n't want anyone to take his place .
` ` well , i did tell hudson this morning that i 'd take your place when you leave . ''
his calm aloofness had vanished and in its place was a wild passionate man .
i supposed he deserved credit for that - for not denying that the kiss had taken place .
the heaviness that had cocooned me for days fell away , and i was left new and beautiful in its place .
i pulled back every ounce of snark and venom and gave him raw honesty in its place .
` ` i already feel bad about overtaking your place .
any of my execs could come in my place and be a better use of time management .
` ` it 's about f**king time , '' celia says in place of a greeting .
my gestures in place of words .
a second rush of fury washes over me at being put in this position in the first place .
while i 'd known delivering this news to celia would be difficult , i 'd thought the hardest part would be convincing her i was happy with my decision , not that i meant it in the first place .
i ' m proud that i could do this for her , though she would never have needed this sort of protection if it were n't for me in the first place .
he left you pregnant , so you looked around for a gullible substitute to take his place , found sebastian , and simply foisted me on to him ?
' i n - need to - use the bathroom ... ' and on that crass , stupid and utterly unsophisticated exit line she turned and fled , leaving a stunning silence in her place .
he saw his hands drifting over her , felt the pleasure in stroking such perfection , then frowned as a different pair of hands took the place of his .
old hands , gnarled and withered hands , belonging to the man she had married in his place .
' you are going to attend the meeting in my place , because you are so full of machismo , so domineering and arrogant and ... you love me for it , hmm ? '
' i can still remove my permission for you to attend that meeting in my place . '
she excused him from taking yet another shuffleboard session , blithely co - opting her deputy to take his place and telling him to page dylan to let him know .
i think he 'd be thrilled to have you play his place . ''
` ` more than okay - i was feeling so good that i was afraid i might hit the floor , '' i said throatily , and a big beautiful grin slowly took the place of the worried look .
for the next forty - five minutes i looked at pictures of the most adorable tow - headed , precocious child i had ever seen in my life , taking his first steps , winning little league awards , earning first place in a spelling bee , starring as ebenezer scrooge in the church christmas play , riding his big boy bike , splitting the atom and conquering small nations .
now trade places with me because i want to see if you can handle my sharp tongue . ''
` ` is there an agreement in place ? ''
` ` and then not because they 're poor but because there is greater likelihood that a crime has taken place !
he eased my yoga pants and my panties all the way down over my hips , and switching places with me , he knelt in front of me and pulled them all the way off along with my shoes and socks .
maybe the real adam had been kidnapped by aliens and they had sent this one in his place .
` ` yo , braden , go see what 's happening out there , while ralph and alice get control of themselves , '' mark said , and braden got up and took adam 's place at the door .
that would be my place . ''
that would be your place . ''
after about half an hour , leigh returned lexi to her desk , and again took her place in one of the armchairs as lexi sat timidly behind her new desk .
shaking her head from side to side , she forced herself to remember the real reason she had come barreling into his office in the first place , and it was n't to fish for a compliment .
besides , i already sent sean out to dinner with hope in my place . ''
but when my girlfriend calls a client in the middle of a presentation and you take the call and get in the middle of everything , telling her to take a hike ... it was n't your place to interrupt that call . ''
` ` you mean where you took jade out and put natasha in her place ?
when one woman left , another stepped into her place .
the worn out chairs and tables with red - checked tablecloths had disappeared , and in their place were modern looking white tables with sleek plastic molded seats .
` ` are you worried i 'll hire another beautiful woman to take your place ? ''
his hand had been stroking my hair and stopped in its place .
the last of the puzzle pieces finally snapped into place .
it felt as if a missing part of her had clicked back into place .
measures still in place .
she was a lousy excuse for a princess , but her father had asked her to take an active role in the court and in the kingdom , at his side , in her mother 's place .
i bet any woman on earth would switch places with me in a second . ''
in my place .
the concern on his face dissipated , sheer ferocity slamming down in its place .
harres had tried to take his place time and again .
and the final piece of the puzzle crashed down in place .
` ` but since they did n't want a new jeweler , a younger and more vigilant one in his place , they pulled back , counted on his unwarranted medications to confuse him enough for their purposes . ''
i wrote an email explaining the situation , but accepting their mission in todd 's place .
and with your brother free and no doubt planning to atone , and with us being on the final leg of aborting the conspiracy now that all the pieces are in place , and now that i ' m certain the threat against you was just a ploy to get you to hear me and lash out , all our obstacles have been removed . ''
` ` but is n't it your lucky day he sent me in his place ? ''
all anger and rebellion went out of her , dejection crashing in its place .
` ` apart from my incomparable wife and children , i 'd switch places with you in a heartbeat . ''
then alarm diminished and questions crowded in its place .
he fell for places .
agitation receded in his eyes , determination filtering into its place .
in her place was the epitome of health and femininity with swells and dips that not even her severe black suit could tame , and had everything male in him roaring to life .
he walked away then , the relief that this retaliation had provided already evaporating , despondence seeping in its place , settling into his recesses .
` ` you must have other beverages in your place . ''
in its place an unbelievable feeling of fullness was taking over her , an unknown mindlessness rushing in .
just five miles and they would be safe and another nightmare would take its place ; she 'd be stranded with matt deleo , on his territory , with no polite means of escape , and no clean underwear .
in its place emerged a lighter , hopeful feeling .
and i do n't want someone who is going to take our place as his parents either .
in its place , a soothing sense of relief and pleasure made him sigh out loud .
gone were the barbs and insults and in their place was nothing but soft , sweet and amazing - smelling emma .
gone were his work clothes and in their place were the cargo shorts and t - shirt that showcased his broad chest and muscular arms .
the vivacious woman that he 'd met a few weeks ago seemed to have disappeared and in her place was a woman ravaged by grief .
her vibrator took the place of a real man in her bed and she had learned to live with that .
even if it seemed crazy , she was at her best when she had some kind of plan in place .
he groaned and said in a low , chiding voice , i ca nt believe you were spying in the first place .
the pain faded , and in its place came a hint of something so incredible- he did it again .
her lips moved from my mouth to my ear and i tried to remember why i 'd needed to leave in the first place .
` ` but why do it in the first place ? ''
i took his place and headed for a little empty storefront on the east side .
` ` if he fell off the earth tomorrow , ten more would take his place , '' antonio said .
` ` you forget your place , tess ! ''
he would have traded places with his grandmother in a heartbeat .
her womb clenched at the way it glistened with her saliva , not because the toy itself turned her on , but because she was imagining cole 's c**k in its place , feeling him hot and throbbing against her lips as he slowly let her taste him .
almost as if she 'd taken their place , as though if she were gone then maybe they 'd come back and he 'd be whole .
over the past few decades , houses here were selling for $ 15 to $ 20 million , only to be torn down for sprawling mcmansions to be built in their place .
` ` maybe i wo n't have to teach you absolutely everything about proper behavior , '' she said as she placed her hand in his in place of a thank - you .
in its place was the warrior who knew the limits to his restraint and was issuing a sensual warning .
in her place was a hardened , foulmouthed fourteen - year - old who 'd seen and experienced way too much .
not with a hundred - more like a thousand or more , actually - women waiting in the wings to take her place if she ever started slipping .
a puzzle piece clicked into place .
in its place was acceptance ... and determination not to get swept up in attraction or romance .
so even though i know how to do really good background research on people , i let the fact that he worked for an organization that helps people in need take the place of actually looking deeper . ''
the scared girl who had broken down when he 'd dumped her was gone , and in her place was a woman who would fight to the very end to protect the child she loved .
grace already knew most of the basic vocabulary of a sailboat from her research - starboard instead of right , bow instead of front of the boat - but within less than sixty seconds , she realized that learning about sailing from books or the internet could never take the place of actual experience .
gone was the outdated eighties carpet and in its place was an updated , contemporary feel .
or are you the slightest bit curious why we married each other in the first place ?
a cocky grin slid into place .
` ` someone had to take her place , and i look damned good in heels . ''
what would michael think , another man taking his place and coaching his son ?
did she miss having a father in her life so badly that she would ask anyone to take his place ?
she did n't want him with her kids , trying to take their father 's place .
need took its place .
because now that she had gone for round two with him , she could n't even remember why it had made sense to cancel in the first place .
` ` if the man was n't attracted to you , he would n't have been cramming his tongue down your throat in the first place . ''
she also wanted to ask for her dating manual back and see if she could ferret out why he had actually taken it in the first place .
` ` my place , if you do n't mind .
` ` i believe that would be my place .
he was going to dare her to dance if she did n't so she might as well save them both the hassle and just go ahead and do it in the first place .
neither one of them had mentioned the reason he had offered to buy her a beer in the first place , which was his missing underwear .
` ` your place then .
she and bryan been switching places for the last few minutes , one mouth replacing the other , a trade that not only kept them from tiring but seemed to goad both on .
he tried to brace as bryan took zoe 's place .
there 's no ache when she looks in the mirror and sees her mom 's eyes in place of her own or the curl at the ends of her hair , reminiscent of her father 's .
why else would worry flee from my mind , a foggy , blessed euphoria taking its place ?
i gasped in outraged surprise only to be startled when the sting wore off and a pulsating warmth took its place .
seeing lance again only reinforced why i 'd left him in the first place .
she 'd cried and begged him to let her stay with him , while blaming him for choosing felice and aaron in the first place .
gone were the sneakers ; in their place , black shoes with a slight heel .
from the festive sounds downstairs , the party was in full swing , and ari was finally ready to face her family and resume her place within it .
for putting them in their place .
i know our caseworker is on vacation but she promised she 'd send someone in her place to wish sam a happy birthday- which you can do in a minute .
but what if we take the necklace and leave a note in its place ? ''
` ` but how are we going to publicly sell jewels without revealing how we got our hands on them in the first place ? ''
at seventeen and the oldest sibling when their father died , chase had felt a duty to take his father 's place as head of the family .
and then realization dawned , the fragments she 'd been grasping for falling into place .
that was why she 'd tossed it out in the first place .
even without his voice , the music had power , and i could feel the tension and stress melting away from my body , leaving contentment in its place .
it could have just as easily been lucah in his place , and what then ?
we had just been in her place .
i was sure i would have done the same thing in her place .
this probably is n't my place to say , but you suck at delegating .
she detaches herself and moves off to the side , taking her place as my maid of honor .
she sure put ingrid in her place .
the foolish grin is gone and the cringe has taken its place .
i must say it was intriguing enough to have me phoning , even though i did n't mean to be reading the advert in the first place . ''
first , to move forward with our plans to integrate the fae here in the compound ; and second , to discuss the current status of the situation which brought us together in the first place . ''
and they want the portals opened up without their dragon guardians in place so they can come and go as they please .
my plan was in place .
i squeezed my eyes together , trying to put all the pieces in place in my mind .
we repelled them , but more came in their place .
but the stinging pain and almost immediate dull throbbing that resulted from my self - ass - kicking , quickly erased the humor from my mind , leaving only anger and fear in its place .
spike 's jaw muscle twitched for a few seconds before he said , ` ` why would you want to let out the guy who tried to take my place ? ''
there were many like her out there , many who 'd stood in line to take her place , and none of them would have let something as insignificant as family come between them and their careers .
she struggled for several moments , until he gentled his hold , his anger draining and seduction taking its place .
` ` blake , i do n't understand this , '' jewell said , the shock beginning to wear off as agitation took its place .
he lowered his head , and when his mouth took the place of his hand , her exquisite flavor made his taste buds explode .
he was so grown up at only ten , looking more handsome than ever in his little black tux , his hair combed into place , and no smudges on his cheeks .
when her helplessness evaporated and in its place a taunting smile filled her lips , the small strand of elastic that was holding up his will to resist her snapped .
so you 'll need to find someone who can take your place , 'cause if you plan to stay there permanently , our business is going to go down in flames .
her friskiness was gone , and in its place all the hatred she could show was being directed at him .
poor thor is getting tired , so seth and zack switch places .
the pain that i grew up with has long since healed , and in its place is a numbness that i find equally sad .
denny had the persistence gene for sure , but was too dense to understand that no man would take neil 's place .
in its place a terrible ache filled my heart .
i kissed her again , this time not like a neanderthal , but how i should have kissed her in the first place .
i shuddered at the look of the ugly thing , glad i did n't remember getting stuck with it in the first place .
the lightness that felt so nice went away and the weight of pain and grief returned to take its place .
do you think it 's because my mind is now full of something worse to take the place of what i dreamed before ? ''
in its place just one garment .
i looked over at ethan and we shared a co - conspirator smile , because it had been originally their idea to have the overnight weekend thing in the first place .
` ` i went to your party and played nice , and now i get my date with you on the beach that i wished to have in the first place . ''
as i took my place , i felt my panties pulled down roughly , one leg lifted out of them and then ... his magic fingers were back at my pu**y .
he usually followed after me when he heard the tub filling , if he had n't been the one to start it in the first place .
it was a hard concept to explain in words , but i knew how i felt , and it was a great deal better - like i could get beyond the events that had shaped so much of me in the past decade , and finally put them in their place .
i have the distinct impression that right then , she would very much like to trade places with me .
and the only way i could think of to banish that dark , was to explain exactly why jahn had given the notebook to me in the first place .
in the interest of public decorum , i started to move my hand away , but he pressed his hand over mine , holding my palm firmly in place .
then the bits and pieces of reality that make up my world shifted back into place .
you came here looking for me to find someone to take wesley 's place .
yes , well , tell him that the time to ply me with projections was when he pitched the project in the first place .
he gets out and i take his place .
i want to tell jamie that if she 's so irritated by our one - night stand of a next - door neighbor , then she should n't have slept with douglas in the first place .
and then it all clicks into place .
the odds are they 'll try the back door route and do the same thing i ' m doing - try to figure out who sent the evidence in the first place . ''
and i do n't want to think about the mirror that hung in place of a headboard , reflecting back the image of the man behind the camera - an adult man , naked and with a hard - on , one hand on his penis and the other holding the camera .
i had a very clear visual of licking every bit of that salty sweet sweat off her , and since that would n't be happening , i had a smell to obsess over in place of that .
instead , in its place , i felt .
the shock was ebbing and some righteous anger was flowing right back in to take its place .
trust me , i 'd trade places with you in a heartbeat . ''
he was half my size and asking to be put in his place .
remember when you told me that i was yours and you were mine every heartbeat , every breath , our love was perfect , our vows were sacred and , oh sweetheart , you know i tried so hard to tow that line , but there was a poison in my heart , and a darkness in my mind i was n't there when you were drowning though i 'd give my soul to take it back you had to leave me behind looking back , over the years of empty space , through the harshest rearview mirror , remembering the things i put you through now left to wonder , who 's come to take my place when i looked at you the world dissolved my poison cured , my darkness light i never did deserve you , sweetheart but in your arms my wrongs were solved my head was lowered , hands clenched , face wet with tears .
the saleslady wore a confused look that suggested no matter how flawless her english was , she had no understanding of what was taking place .
everything in place ? ''
he usually got sidetracked when he called and would forget what he 'd called for in the first place .
` ` would you like to take her place ? ''
she actually called the first day i met faith , but i had n't gotten the tap in place yet . ''
` ` yet when you took her place , the spanking did nothing for you , '' he said quietly .
another one , equally unwelcome , abruptly rushed to take its place .
niall felt like her bones had been removed and warm mush put in their place .
by the time noble reached them , all traces of the giggling girl were gone and in their place stood a contained , beautiful woman .
he thought of pink puffy lips in the place of the silicone ring .
a small smile took the place of the scowl he 'd been wearing .
so you will administer the punishment in my place . ''
true , he 'd told ian that night that he 'd suspected his mother was alive , further prying open the door to the secret , but it 'd been elise 's impulsive statement that opened the lock in the first place .
she 'd learned over the past several months that when she was bound , her eyes had to take the place of her greedy fingers , making her a keener observer .
she herself had altered ; the free - spirited , gauche young woman she 'd once been had disappeared , and a more sober , contained , sad and bitter woman had taken her place .
he could n't have stayed with her and pretended he did n't doubt his place at her side .
he stirred next to her , and panic took the place of her drowsy unease .
` ` then why hire them in the first place ? ''
he relinquished his hold , and she wrapped her hand in his place .
she sipped her champagne , thinking about the impatience on kam 's face when he 'd soundly put jason in his place just now and walked away .
she removed the klinf watch that she wore , strapping on kam 's in its place .
she was n't a snooper , and there was nothing she needed to hunt out in his place .
in its place was a hot new wave of longing .
of what had sent him down the path and into michelle 's arms in the first place .
` ` why do n't you boys take indiana jones for a walk and i 'll get the girls fed , '' kat said , switching places .
he did n't usually resort to these sorts of tactics to get what he wanted , but he was backed into a corner at work , and if he could convince harper that casey had fucked them both , perhaps he could swoop in and steal the deal back that was his in the first place .
in its place was something better .
that man who was all business had vanished leaving one far more sensual in his place .
i also ca n't trade places with him since i ' m pretty sure he 'd run our business into the ground .
` ` lola 's coming up to take your place .
an arrogant asshole since the first moment i met him , he now seemed different in some way , as if some of that arrogance had been wiped away leaving a nicer person in its place .
i 'd all but forgotten about the terms of my bet with kane , and the mention of losing not only my place but my bike did unnerve me a bit .
gone were the long blond waves that had framed my face , and in their place was a mess perfectly suited to who i really was .
in its place was short hair that looked like it had been chopped off .
my long blond hair , the part of me i loved the most , was gone , and all that was left in its place was a hacked up mess .
the impassive man who so often seemed disinterested had disappeared , and in his place stood one with wild eyes full of need .
i officially felt like shit and had the photographic evidence to prove that the man who i 'd thought was my boyfriend was actually someone who did n't care for me enough to take me to his fancy society function so he 'd found a gorgeous woman to go in my place .
it 's just the idea of varo living in my house , taking my place , acting like the man in her life now nearly drove me out of my mind .
there were kids milling about but no one seemed to be paying too much attention , which made me wonder why my beautiful girl was sitting all alone in the first place ?
` ` what did you see in her place ? ''
this part of the operation was taking place in five separate locations .
it helped that the men already in place had pretty much set shit up , but the ex - mercenaries i 'd sent in knew their shit so i should n't be surprised .
gone were the easy smiles and laid back manner , in their place was disgust and anger .
i snap , before i can help myself , ` ` i ' m here trying to give you guys a hand in getting kassie back , and you're- '' ` ` you should have stopped them from taking her in the first place ! ''
then i 'll tell leo what i ' ve found out and come clean about why i arrived at the wraith 's nest in the first place .
her anger dissipated and wariness took its place .
since there was n't any way for him to put the scotch back in its place because of the pile of pasta boxes , he simply carried the bottle over to the counter and looked down at what she was making .
in its place was a cold , furious determination .
in its place was a shiny new acura mdx , sparkling gold with tan leather seats .
chapter 26 stella when the burial took place quietly without a hitch , i was n't in their line of sight , but i watched from a distance , which was just enough to see callum and zara .
his wicked grin was instantly back in its place .
however , in place of addressing what that was about , i merely nodded my head , thinking it was time to call it a night .
but , one night , everything came into place .
i deserved to know it ... even if i was the main cause for why the situation had been initiated in the first place .
however , these were good , hard working men , and they simply needed a good reality check that other men could very well take their place if they carelessly and willingly threw their family away because of a young arse waltzing into their lives who was willing to please their sexual desires .
` ` i was asking if your scheduled visit to montreal next month is still taking place . ''
but after everything that had just happened between us and the way he was blaming himself for what had happened in the first place , i was unsure how i could tell him .
that was his name , the guy in ian 's place .
until the effects of the booze wore off , and the sting of those little cuts became worse than they would have been if he 'd never had the drink in the first place .
all of the extraneous stuff he had been storing in there was gone , and now in its place was a desk , a big leather chair behind it , and two nice visitors ' chairs on the other side of the desk .
it was a touching moment for me , having him walk me down the aisle , hand me off to max , and then take his place .
i nod , but now that i ' ve remembered my reason for coming here in the first place , i ' m no longer particularly interested in his dungeons and his mazes .
in its place is the guarded , smug calder he prefers to show me .
in its place is something akin to annoyance .
i pull off my t - shirt , then grab a black tank top out of my top drawer and put that on in its place .
every time you feel the need to say the name ' god , ' you say my name in place of it .
i let pass without comment the fact that she had n't said my name in place of ` ` god , '' because i could n't really make myself care about that shit when she was rubbing all up on me and pressing her tits as close as she could get them to my chest .
` ` so i have no doubt in my mind that everything will fall into place .
in its place was adam .
this was more than i was prepared for and in that moment , i had no idea what to do or why i had signed up for this mess in the first place .
` ` my place . ''
his place .
karissa glances at me , offering a timid half - smile in place of any words .
i offer her a smile in place of a response .
kelvin is gone from the door , a guy whose name i do n't know in his place .
` ` i ' m not mad at you , '' i say in place of an actual response .
for a few moments , i almost forget what i ' m doing here in the first place .
then longing takes the place of the pain and i begin kissing him .
~~~ while driving to mark 's , my mind shakes out of its haze and anger takes the place of shock .
however , it 's about to take a holiday because the numbness of the shock is wearing off and pure , raw emotional energy is taking its place .
it had been purposely written to say ` ` welcome back miss shark '' but there was a strike out through the ` ` k '' and a ` ` p '' had been put in its place .
part of it is her innocence , the sweet way her eyes follow me around the room , her trusting nature , the selflessness she displayed to save her sister in the first place ... she 's entirely too good for me to use for my own pleasure .
so here we sit , halfway around the world and all we can think to discuss is the exact topic that sent me running in the first place .
not at all like the smiling , charming girl i fell for in the first place .
` ` you 'll never guess who showed up here today , '' i say in place of a greeting .
gone is the slender , boyish frame of youth , and in its place are generous curves and the soft rounded flesh of womanhood .
i had n't thought to tell him that i was taking mia in place of tatianna .
even more troubling than that is colton bothered to message me in the first place .
inside ronin 's apartment , first thing she did was ditch her heels - she noticed he did n't wear shoes in his place .
i ' ve already got someone who can fight in deacon 's place . ''
a lot of the logistics are already in place .
i 'll fight in her place . ''
but i can see where my brother would believe it because i introduced them in the first place .
while that has its place , i am not a performer . ''
i closed my eyes , not wanting to think about how marie had filled my mother 's place these past years .
` ` not my place . ''
` ` that 's where your dreams are takin ' place now ?
and as flattered as i am that you think i ' ve had something to do with business picking up in recent months , it still is your place , velma . ''
you and kane used to switch places all the time .
not her place to wash them , but cord did n't need a bloody reminder of the evening 's events .
velma 's interested in taking over dewey 's place .
those security type things woulda been the first things in place . ''
she freaks out and dumps him off with her friend , who trevor had the hots for in the first place .
years later brandy still relished putting chassie in her place , since she considered chassie far beneath her social status .
` ` we 're switchin ' places , darlin ' . ''
that 's why i sent colt to you in the first place .
` ` last time we spoke , i did n't exactly have a firm plan in place , besides keeping landon out of foster care .
with the way bennett offered a sensual step by step , ainsley mentally traded places with the woman restrained to the bench .
tell hit the dirt with his clipboard and took his place as the second judge .
put in his place at the end of the line .
i never tried to take rj 's place , georgia .
in fact ... then just like that surly girl disappeared and weepy woman took her place .
but somehow , rory still did n't beat him to his place .
carolyn glanced at her brother who 'd offered the dare and smiled to see he 'd been put in his place .
as his head began to clear from the drugging effect of their kiss , he noted with interest that kizzy had seemed more embarrassed at being caught in a compromising situation than stephanos had been in stumbling across them in the first place .
the scene out in the bay summed it up for her : sleek super - yacht putting a scruffy old boat in its place .
if she put everything back in order , in its place , she would feel better .
slowly the pieces began to fall clumsily into place .
the laughing man of a few moments ago is gone and in his place is a man brimming with intensity .
the pinch of pain is gone , leaving in its place an uncomfortable , but not unpleasant , fullness .
the sensible lia adams has left the building and in her place is a ... tramp ?
` ` maybe you can take her place . ''
sergei found the day - to - day business affairs of running a mostly criminal organization distasteful , so the plan had been for alexei to come back and take his place in four years .
and a very smug alexei rustanov had taken his place .
in its place , they 'd put in bright , colorful retro furniture from the fifties , sixties , and seventies .
over the pass few years , she had prayed and prayed for her heat night to come , not just so she 'd feel more comfortable kissing rafe , but also so she could take her official place as part of his family and even start one of her own with him .
the rafe she knew , the laidback and reasonable one with a great sense of humor , was gone now and in his place was a stranger , with a voice so distinctly hard , it felt like the only thing in the room .
she had n't realized it had been fueling her ability to deal with being thrust over a thousand years into the past until it slowly ebbed away , leaving only a heavy sadness in it 's place .
a few minutes later he was back in his regular spot , leaning against the bar as if he 'd never moved in the first place .
` ` so now you think i should be grateful you seeing that little good - for - nothing , because i might not have to pay money i should n't been paying in the first place ? ''
of course , if it had been up to him , i would n't have married this big , rude russian husband of mine in the first place . ''
your mama was the only one i ever trusted to run my house properly and now that you 're all grown up , you 're the only one i could trust to take her place .
` ` i can and i do , since i did n't even agree to hire her in the first place . ''
beau was the town 's football star , he was dating a pretty cheerleader , and from what she 'd seen the few times she and loretta had gone to see him play , there were plenty of girls lined up to take mindy 's place when he was done with her .
but she stopped short when she saw that the original meal she 'd brought beau was already gone with nothing but a few crumbs to suggest it had ever been there in the first place .
the old josie would have put him in his place .
she looks mean - that 's why i take her places with me , but the truth is she 's as gentle as they come . ''
the cop who 'd wanted her to get rid of pavel in the first place .
you have made pacts with the katagaria and with eros , and that 's not your place .
he clenched his teeth to keep them from chattering - something that was n't pleasant when a man had long , sharp fangs in place of teeth .
` ` not to change the subject , but did you see who artemis relocated to new orleans to take kyrian 's place ? ''
it was n't right for them to pay such a high price when tabitha had been the one to talk them into helping her in the first place .
` ` i know that it 's typical for the best man to toast the couple , but i think gilbert might forgive me for usurping his place for a minute . ''
` ` why has n't one of the other jaguars taken his place ? ''
and in its place was a confidence the likes of which she 'd never experienced before .
her leopard was gone and in its place was a nak*d man .
then , while she 'd been distracted by the light show , this guy must have traded places with the cat .
gone was all of his toughness and in its place was the gentleness of a man who was obviously head over heels in love with his wife .
gone was the good friend who used to tease and laugh with him and in his place was an enemy ash knew was plotting his death even while he faced him .
so have you come to exchange places with him ? ''
the point is , sin is now going to try to overthrow me again and take my place .
the strongest curse i could find would only work so long as the summons was n't in place . ''
i wish to god she 'd let me die in her place . ''
then he would rule in archon 's place and show the king of the gods what it meant to be all powerful .
gone was the boy who 'd finally , after months of tender coercion , learned to smile and to trust , and in his place was the defeated , hopeless shell i 'd found .
my precious acheron was gone and in his place was a man who wanted nothing to do with me .
thrones that should have been his mother 's and father 's , but since his mother had been banished for his birth , styxx had occupied her place .
` ` i 'd rather trade places with prometheus and have my innards ripped out every day . ''
should he die , all of this would be yours in his place . ''
` ` fine , '' he said , his tone filled with disgust , ` ` just do n't leave too big a mess in my place .
` ` are you willing to take her place beneath my axe ? ''
gone were the words his mother had burned into his flesh , and in their place his tattoos glowed brightly in the dim light .
yet what surprised her was that in its place was a set of clothes for her .
do n't ever forget your place . ''
how would she have reacted in his place ?
do you think for one minute i 'd hesitate at killing the rest of this pantheon to guard my place as king ? ''
and the apollites and daimons would take their place as the rulers of all subspecies -- which was everyone .
` ` your sister sold her soul to him to kill you and your family so that she could be queen in your place .
the next , he 'd changed places with snake , just like he 'd done with ren .
gone was the old man and in his place was the younger version of him that she 'd seen in her visions of the past .
you let him die and you 'll take his place . ''
` ` mind your place ! ''
in the next , he was across the room where coyote had been a heartbeat earlier , and coyote was in his place .
did you really think i 'd let you live to take my place ?
but you ... you should have taken his offering when he sent enrique in his place . ''
he did n't need to know her aunt and brother were in place to take over for her during her two - week honeymoon .
` ` i ' ve come to beg our most sovereign crown to allow me to take the place of the human woman you hold , sumi antaxas .
but if it is to be , then please allow me to take sumi 's place .
they fully expected saf to take kyr 's place as head one day .
why ca n't i fight in her place ?
gone were his demons and doubts , and in their place were emotions he could n't even begin to define .
` ` it 's not my place to use it . ''
only in place of a head , she had a woman 's upper body .
dying yourself or seeing him die in your place ? ''
gone was the willow - thin frame of her youth and in its place were the luscious curves of a woman full grown .
the whine of a high - powered engine screamed ahead of the motorcycle that pierced the dense fog hanging in place of the rocks .
she hoped the teenager had n't used majik to gain access , because deek would kill anyone who used majik in his place .
but that would be an invasion of privacy she would n't appreciate in his place .
there will be plenty of rias , but the point is to use them in a surprise attack once we ha ' the alterant in place who can triumph over brina . ''
in his place , she 'd have done the same , which meant she had to offer him something he might be willing to trade for .
` ` why are you willing to take the place of those three alterants ? ''
tristan 's aggression bled away grudgingly , and in place of that he started emitting pulses of concern and worry .
i ' ve been battling to keep my mental shields in place to block out any belador telepathy since i got back to atlanta .
even if flaevynn could destroy all the beladors currently with viper , she 'd face an army of our own that would step forward to take the places of those who fell . ''
he blew out a breath and raked his fingers over his hair , disturbing the straight black locks only for a moment before they fell back in place .
when the dust settled , flaevynn was definitely gone , but another woman , a far more beautiful creature , stood in her place .
what would she have said if she 'd known you would take serghei 's place as king ? ''
no heart beats beneath his fingertips , but something else seems to hum in its place .
the sky clings weakly to darkness until clouds take their place and begin to drop fluffy snow .
magnus wanted to say , no , i was the one who brought you to a terrible restaurant and treated you like a mundane because i did n't know how to date a shadowhunter and almost bailed on you even though you were brave enough to ask me out in the first place .
the poor parent birds work themselves to death trying to find enough food to feed the enormous cuckoo child who has murdered their babies and taken their places . ''
the sword was gone now , and in its place , smeared across the wall , was a great fan of scarlet .
they 'll find out whatever it is you want most in the world and give it to you - with a sting in the tail of the gift that will make you regret you ever wanted it in the first place . ''
i specifically enchanted the contract with the inquisitor so that i could let you go for a short time if i desired , as long as another of the nephilim was willing to take your place . ''
they 'll find out whatever it is you want most in the world and give it to you - with a sting in the tail of the gift that will make you regret you ever wanted it in the first place .
all the old hatreds were still in place .
if she chose him to lead in her place , why would she move against him ? ''
i could not take her place , for she had not abdicated it .
the mortal sword was back in its place , gleaming on the wall behind them like the wing of a silver bird .
she sounded a lot more confident than simon would have felt in her place .
it felt like a puzzle piece clicking back into place .
` ` you killed him and put a monster in his place . ''
isabelle reached out curiously and touched the delicate silver bell that hung around clary 's neck now , in place of the ring .
` ` the place of the star . ''
a silent brother was present , someone sworn to secrecy , and a female warlock who took the place of the iron sister .
she said you were dead and a monster took your place . ''
your place is with us .
clary moved to sit with the lightwoods and her mother , while robert lightwood broke away from them and headed down the center aisle to take up the place of the inquisitor .
` ` i was figuring i could sulk for idris in the next olympics , '' jace said , but his voice was already softening , the edge of hard self - loathing filed away , wryness and amusement taking its place .
she 'd killed camille , after all , and taken her place .
` ` you always wanted to be the vampire leader , and now she 's taken your place . ''
` ` nightshade has agreed to send me as the representative in his place , though maureen does not know it .
` ` she made me take her place so i could come here and see alec . ''
maia roberts will take my place . ''
no sooner had that luxen gone down than another took his place .
at that moment , he looked like he wanted nothing more than to trade places with her .
things started to click into place .
` ` is there anything you do in its place ? ''
i could ' ve called you - i should ' ve answered the phone when you called yesterday - and it was n't my place to suggest you stop tagging . ''
zayne had been doing the honors of keeping paimon from escaping , but roth ... he 'd taken zayne 's place .
` ` considering i threw your ass out of that trap and took your place , i 'd think you 'd have a tad bit more faith in me . ''
` ` why do you think i took his place in that trap ?
you even said that was why you took his place .
every time i m with him , he fills my heart up more and more , and the more its filled with pieces of him , the more painful it ll be when he rips it out of my chest as though it never belonged there in the first place .
i considered pulling cam aside and telling him that i knew about jack , but it did n't feel right , like it was n't my place .
no one could take her place .
` ` your place .
the affectionate woman from last night was gone , and a nervous , unsure one was in her place .
i knew my dad would take her places .
in its place was an annoyed frown i had seen before .
a cold bitch is in her place .
something else took its place before he turned his head away from me .
the pieces start falling into place .
i was afraid this tanner guy might get suspicious , having another person offer cash in place of references , and the exact same length of time .
given we now had forty vampires within these walls instead of four , i could n't be more thankful that the spell was in place .
he returned the smile but i could n't help notice the twinkle missing from his eye , in its place , disquiet .
there was something there ... the pieces were sliding into place .
i held it , even as it brawled with my emotions to slide off and allow shock and horror to take its place .
instantly , the four of them morphed and eight scaly , enormous dragons appeared in their place , kaleidoscopic snake eyes watching me with evil intent , as puffs of flame escaped their nostrils .
hell , that 's probably why he answered in the first place .
when ben finally releases me , it takes me a moment to remember why he was kissing me in the first place .
how to put them in their place .
at first she simply takes in our place , likely investigating for hints about her new ' friends . '
aside from that and the family picture , the only thing we ' ve added is the scent of bleach in place of mothballs .
and yet , as i eye the washer where he just stood , where his bed sheets swirl , i give serious consideration to stealing them and leaving a ` ` come and get it '' note in its place .
each day , tiny pieces of before kacey fall into place .
maybe i ' m a buy one get one free offer for stayner not curing his son in the first place .
confident , witty charlie rourke has left the roach - infested building , leaving a wooden pawn in her place .
for me to return the money that i 'd stolen in the first place .
for the most part , they knew very little of what had actually taken place .
tommy at last took his place at marklin 's side .
` ` gentlemen , to tell you the truth , '' said stuart , tearing his eyes away and searching the faces around him , ` ` i ' m completely inadequate to take anton 's place .
they were sitting opposite each other , just the way that mona and rowan sat , only mona was in rowan 's place now , and mary jane was in mona 's .
or argument would prevent this from ever taking place .
the search for the sarsens , or the sandstone , as it is now called , the means of bringing the boulders back , of dressing them and erecting them , and finally laying in place the lintels - this consumed us ; it became a justification for life itself .
and after i had spent many hours there , another came to stand in my place , and later another and another , each new singer or musician making a music which the others imitated , taking the new song out from small circle to big circle , like the ripples in a pond from a falling stone .
` ` give me my place , '' she said , her eyes growing wide and seeming to catch fire as they had when she 'd cried .
women giving up everything , taking her place .
she was forced to kneel on it facing the thrones where the prince had taken his place beside his mother .
` ` o , i should so like to have her take princess lizetta 's place , it would be a treat for everyone , '' said the lady .
` ` what is going to take place ? ''
one of these was removed as beauty approached and she was quickly fastened in the girl 's place , standing firmly , her head and swollen bu**ocks pressed back against the pillar .
with a bursting cock , i took my place to pull the coach back to the town house , wondering if the other ponies had been satisfied as usual in the stable .
and beauty took her place at his side , and the mistress smiled down at them .
and the same takes place among the lords and ladies of the castle .
even laurent was freed now from the master 's slipper and took his place with the others .
gradually the women resumed their former places .
at once , another took its place as the man in back continued to grind his hips against me .
` ` i gather you would n't be sorry to see de quincey gone and another vampire in his place , '' said will .
frightened , tessa snatched her hand back , turning to charlotte - but charlotte had moved away from the bed , and brother enoch stood in her place , his eyeless face immobile .
tessa was n't sure she believed any of this , but as jessamine was patently uninterested in giving up her place by nathaniel 's side , and it hardly seemed worth a battle , she turned with a disgusted sigh and left the room .
the bank was gone ; in its place was a half - timbered tavern , with great diamond - paned windows .
they barred mundanes from the place by the simple expedient of using a glamour to convince them that the tavern had been knocked down and a bank erected in its place .
even more horrible , quite a few of them had bits of machinery in place of arms or legs .
` ` i ' m not going to worry about who would take his place .
after the party i went out the front to get birthday hugs from india , now on duty , and danielle , who was working in my place .
` ` there 's an elvish warding spell in place , '' amelia admitted .
he will allow eric 's measures to remain in place if eric leaves for oklahoma tonight .
i do n't exactly know how to do it , but we can go to the bondsman tomorrow , and tell him i want to give eric 's money back and put mine in its place .
further , eric was convinced sam was waiting in the wings to take his place in my bed .
i would not have anything more to worry about than getting well and who was working in my place at the bar .
i moved out of the way so diantha could take my place .
it was monday and sam had called to say holly was working in my place .
` ` my place or i 'll have to decline . ''
for but a heartbeat he felt most peculiar , as if thick , black treacle were running through his veins in place of blood ; then the shape of the world changed .
a shocked grunt exited his chest , a hot thrill taking its place .
the script was fading , and in its place , the finalists were announced .
` ` even if you can take my place , how will you get to the prize before bowen does ?
though his version of events was utterly skewed , the fact remained that all that had taken place to some degree .
once they traded places , she sank into the driver 's seat , adjusting the mirrors .
yet though she would feel betrayed , her desires were growing so intense that she might just toss the woman away and take her place .
but then , it was n't vincente 's place to react , to do anything more than fol ow commands .
` ` your place is with me . ''
final y , no more emerged to take their places .
the strain was gone , and in its place was something like elation .
they 'd live in the garden for another twenty years , then , watching their children grow , take their places ...
it would be easy to stay , to take the place that others had made , but he could n't .
his love had taken the place of the anger in her soul , but he 'd been promoted when she had not , and when he won a place in the elite and she was passed over one too many times , they parted ways .
he should n't have killed me in the first place , '' i muttered .
` ` like in the books where if you cheat death , you take his place ? ''
tidying it was easy , and i put the vampire teddy bear wendy had given me in the place of honor between the lacy pillows my dad had thought i 'd like .
immediately he gestured for a runner to come out to take his place and slowed to a walk .
i would have cheered , but another took its place .
the black wing was taking my memories and leaving emptiness in its place .
` ` i ' m guessing kairos wants you destroyed so he does n't have to give up his place , and if the seraphs find out you exist , even dead as you are , they will force him to abide by their will .
it 's already fated whose place she 's going to take . ''
kairos would be bereft of power , leaving only peace behind as you took his place . ''
you passed her instruction off to a reaper , giving him a task you knew he could n't manage while you tutored the one fated to replace you , intending to leave madison bereft of skills in case the truth should come out and she took my place , safely ignorant and at a disadvantage . ''
` ` the seraphs fated madison to take your place ? ''
` ` the seraphs fated her taking your place .
` ` she has taken her place , '' nakita said .
she has taken her place . ''
frowning , i thought back to whose idea it was to stop in st . louis in the first place .
it 's why i wanted to hire you in the first place , '' he said , making it sound like an insult .
the demon mark was gone , but in its place was a dark discoloration of skin that looked like a birthmark .
his boots were gone , and soft - soled shoes had taken their place .
the slump of debris behind him slowly melted into dust and blew away , and a park bench took its place , only to crack and crumble as the demon inched closer .
the drums had stopped , and loud conversation had taken its place .
my concentration shattered , and the bits of the curse i 'd pulled from myself sprang back into place with a twang .
no one could take matalina 's place , but belle had begun to see where there was a need and did what she could .
if you had told me that 's where you wanted to go , i would have taken you there in the first place .
a jumpy wariness had taken the place of her eager , confident excitement , and she looked somewhat wan , even in the dark , her attractive features tight and drawn .
it had taken place out of my hearing and almost out of my sight , at the edges of the light .
i thought i was going to die and you were going to take my place .
` ` no , '' i admitted , ` ` but i was there when trent decided you were going to take faris 's place two years ago . ''
his smile faded as he looked at trent , and then he was gone , the grass he had displaced whispering back into place .
` ` you want to take his place ? ''
was that why trent had taken my place ?
that was n't going to go over very well , i decided , and when quen gestured for me to head out before him , i meekly fell into place , my thoughts turning to the hospital .
` ` that is '' -he looked at trent , silent across the room with lucy in his grasp- '' if trenton aloysius kalamack agrees to take the place of his daughter as my familiar , and you take that curse from me so i might see the sun again .
breath held , i grabbed the rings , slipping them both on my index finger as i dropped the fake rings in their place .
` ` offering to take his place ?
and fib vehicles , fire trucks , and ambulances had taken their place , all their lights going .
` ` they want me to take his place .
he snarled , shoving the dazed man out of his chair and taking his place .
immediately annie took his place at the bank of machinery .
wild magic took its place , and i cowered , hands over my head as i sat on the floor and tried to control the terrified mystics .
i have n't heard of any such action being put into place , but i seem to have lost most of my voice in the enclave and i never had it in the dewar . ''
` ` the original soul must be forcibly ripped away and the old soul fixed into its place .
if she wants to see lucy , she 's going to make every sacrifice she would ' ve made if she had married me in the first place , but now all she gets is to be a part of lucy 's life , not mine .
` ` we 're free , and we take our rightful place ! ''
rachel , if not for you , then i 'd probably have been the one to start it in the first place .
i shrugged off trent 's hand , feeling braver when ivy and jenks fell into place beside me .
` ` nevertheless , '' he continued smoothly , ` ` i ' m sure you 'll soon be asking me to take some time off to spend with your sister , and as you know , we do n't have anyone who can take your place .
the answer slid into place before the question finished forming .
` ` i soon put her in her place , of course .
the desire drained , as well , and determination took its place .
finally , one answer had slid into place : mckell 's test results had arrived .
finally , ` ` our place . ''
the answer immediately slid into place .
the sun had disappeared , the moon taking its place , but unlike all the other nights of their association , this one was not cool and dry .
the seductress was gone , and in her place was a polite but formal hostess .
i fired , and the next thing i knew , he 'd switched places with his partner . ''
the cleaning crew was gone , and in their place was jonathan parker , lucius , and another man , an other - worlder i did n't recognize .
gone was the man of easy humor , and in his place was the king of targon .
the answer popped into place like a light had been switched inside his mind .
fury took its place .
he wanted the pain gone ; he wanted pleasure to take its place .
` ` eden was screaming commands at lucius in my ear , telling him to pull back or she 'd join the fight and kill him herself , '' he said , the memory sliding in place .
since jack pagosa , the iron - fisted ruler of air , had retired a few weeks ago , mia had taken his place and now called the shots .
he gritted his teeth , his jaw clenching so tightly that the joints threatened to snap out of place .
the determination fell away , vulnerability taking its place .
devyn moved her aside , though he did n't release her , taking her place and putting himself nose to nose with the warrior .
you were so excited to see me that you ran to me , and as you ran you broke apart , particles forming in your place .
` ` were you given a new vision to take the other 's place ? ''
he racked his brain , and the answer finally popped into place .
he settled back , excitement gone as if it had never been , disappointment in its place .
that determination of hers , if channeled properly , could take her places .
and then , when he hit , his skull cracking against the same rock he 'd tripped over , the stars vanished and thick black cobwebs took their place .
hector had traded rides with mia , taking her air standard issue , complete with uncomfortable syn - leather interior , a console perched between the driver and passenger seats , and dash - screens in place of a steering wheel and glove compartment .
in his place was a raging ass**le .
was n't his place .
pride took its place , and remained .
before her eyes , bones popped back into place .
zacharel felt the pulse of annabelle 's fear before she beat it back , determination taking its place .
once you have verified his presence and i have taken your place , you are free for the rest of the day . ''
gone was the dread , but in its place was a bone - deep disappointment .
he clawed at the walls , and suddenly he was clawing at air , the throne room gone and the hotel room in its place .
so badly he wished he could take bjorn 's place .
annnd , the softness disappeared , anger taking its place .
taunting kendra yesterday might have given him a measure of satisfaction - after the first burst of discontent - but it had n't lasted long , and guilt had taken its place .
the sun had gone down , and the moon had taken its place , high and full and silvery .
the pain was immediate and intense , and she broke the surface screaming , but within a few minutes , a sweet sense of peace took its place .
maddox had broken his nose - she 'd seen it - but it had snapped back into place almost immediately .
` ` but why would the new king of gods tell aeron to - ` ` the answer slid into place and he pressed his lips together .
all thoughts of killing her vanished ; thoughts of saving her took their place , strong , undeniable .
reyes remained in place .
if i sacrifice myself , dying in place of maddox , his curse will be broken . ''
let me take her place at death 's door . ''
swat one away , and two more soon took its place .
smug , self - serving aias had taken his place ?
heat stopped radiating from him , ice - cold determination taking its place .
as if fighting and death had not taken place .
` ` she is unbeatable , and every time you cut off her head another will grow in its place . ''
already another had grown in its place and was slapping at him .
just as before , another head quickly took its place .
all but anya , who 'd come in place of maddox , wore expressions of confusion .
new warriors had been recruited to take their place .
reyes almost wished his demon had not remembered how to get there , allowing him to bury aeron in the first place .
yet reyes remained in place .
danika 's shock had worn off , and grief , sorrow and fury had taken its place , blending together inside her .
in that moment , she knew it was n't reyes who had spoken and her joy plummeted , fury taking its place .
lysander 's jaw clenched so painfully the bones would probably snap out of place at any moment .
the guardian she knew had been here far longer than she , so she did not know if anyone else had ever stood in his place .
` ` i will take his place , '' she shouted to the ceiling , not knowing if the gods were listening .
and were she to actually take zane 's place , the women would n't rape her , of course , but they would work her and beat her .
` ` but i kill one , and five more take his place . ''
in their place were thickly treed hills , abandoned , forgotten .
the next day , he 'd found a naked portrait of himself in its place .
gone was her amusement - what had made her laugh ? -and in its place was more of that hated trepidation .
gwen 's happy mood faded , edginess taking its place .
all of the pieces suddenly fell into place .
not knowing what else to do , he switched places with strider so that he was standing next to amun , and slapped the big guy on the back .
but i do know he 's the reason we opened that damn box in the first place !
and every time gwen managed to cut off the snake 's head , another grew in its place .
lose her place ?
anyway , when they 're summoned , their bond with hell breaks and in its place they become bound to the summoner . ''
` ` someone else will be sent in your place , wo n't they ? ''
fourteen days in which you may change your mind and reclaim your rightful place . ''
you are the reason another assassin will be sent in my place . ''
and that 's when mine faded and another word took its place , stronger , far more necessary .
someone needed to put legion in her place , and she would be more than happy to do so .
but why would legion- the answer slid into place , and he scowled .
the pain left her entirely , leaving a cool hum of pleasure in its place .
in its place were startling locks of honey - brown and pale gold .
the anger seemed to drain from him , something hotter , sultrier taking its place .
to take olivia 's place and better their odds of success .
rhea 's chin lifted , her fear falling away , speculation taking its place .
in its place , she painted armor .
twice , amun 's sweaty palms slid out of place , but he eventually made the mental connection and his hands were no longer needed .
i would n't bat them away ... and many more would n't take their place . ''
thorns and fire sprouted in their place .
to see her pretty looks gone and a revolting hag in her place .
how- the answer slid into place .
for torin 's sake , someone needs to take your place before we leave .
if i ' m saved , the one who saves me wil be the one to die in my place .
some 1 taking ur place here at fort ?
just as before , fire bloomed in its place , spreading , and acid started flowing through her veins .
gone were the bleak rocks he 'd shared with haidee , and in their place were the smooth white wal s of his bedroom .
she was there , the center of their fury one moment , but gone the next , a cloud of black smoke in her place .
anyway , neeka owes me a big - time favor and agreed to we d a phoenix warrior in your place . ''
` ` in her place ? ''
because he had convinced his fellow warriors to steal her box , because he 'd then betrayed them , thinking to become leader of the elite guard himself , taking lucien 's place , he 'd committed two crimes .
watched as pain took the place of the resentment ... watched as even that dulled ... faded ... and his body sagged .
` ` when one dies , another takes her place .
the furred one with a headful of hissing snakes in place of hair .
the darkness he 'd carried for so long had thinned , but instead of strength taking its place , he 'd experienced extreme fatigue .
you 'll be whipped in her place .
a moment later , a forest of lush green trees took the place of the room .
cobalt met his penetrating stare , and he waited for the confusion to evaporate - and realization to take its place .
kane had just put the girl in her place .
tink had taken the ring , and she 'd taken the demon , and she now planned to take kane 's place .
the answer clicked into place .
both males remained in place .
but desire had taken its place .
the ringing stopped abruptly , and in its place , she heard her own voice .
his energy was draining , absolute fatigue taking its place .
the swelling in his wrists and ankles was gone , his thumbs having snapped back into place , his feet having realigned right before her eyes .
the purr was gone , and in its place was a cold demand for absolute compliance .
would she- in a single heartbeat , the world around her vanished , a new one taking its place .
gone was the charmer , and in his place was the commander .
two more surged forward to take its place , but one ignored neal and looked right at her .
in its place was a screaming skull .
several more instantly took their place , but i did n't bother with them .
rome remained on the ground , fur slowly falling from him , naked sun - kissed skin taking its place .
she asked , some of her outrage falling away and pride taking its place .
my anger instantly died , concern taking its place .
with the words , my remaining fear began to fade , tendrils of anger and hurt taking their places .
for a moment , only a moment , there was a flash of his cat behind his face , skin melting away , fur taking its place .
` ` if you 're willing to take his place . ''
` ` if you flinch , '' four says , slowly , carefully , ` ` al takes your place .
` ` i was reminding you that if you failed , someone else would have to take your place . ''
every time he spoke , it was to remind me that if i gave up , al would have to take my place in front of the target .
` ` waking up and realizing what you ' ve done ... '' the room goes quiet , probably as all the abnegation imagine themselves in the place of the dauntless soldiers , and that 's when it occurs to me .
and my father acted like his place was assumed from the beginning .
not like tobias , who is almost shy when he smiles , like he is surprised you bothered to look at him in the first place .
could i stay here , fix things with him , let someone else die in my place ?
she takes my place holding it as i shove the trash can in front of the door so no one else can come in .
in its place i now feel relief .
and standing in the place of my anger is my initiation instructor and friend , alive again .
i want to scream at her through the screens not to trust him , to tell her that he only wants the factions back because he knows he can then take up his place as their leader again .
i ' m about to answer , ` ` hell no , '' but the pain is gone and in its place is a feeling unlike anything i ' ve experienced before : throbbing heat and intense pleasure commingle .
i lift the r2 - d2 knocker and drop it down against oliver 's front door , but my stomach is already gone , dissolved away from my body and leaving in its place a hollow , aching pit .
boyfriend app could send her interesting and informative messages throughout the day , and she could send back smiley faces in place of communicating .
he spoke of how empty his life became the moment he realized his brothers and sisters would turn on him if given the chance to rule in his place .
so much so that he 's returned to take his rightful place as your leader to bring forth a new era . ''
emptiness took its place , an emptiness magnified by the pain he sensed from emma , who carried gabriela 's light , her blood .
in its place , an utterly new sensation flourished : vulnerability .
everything will be in place . ''
` ` in place for what ? ''
as the pain dissipated , humiliation took its place .
he felt the strength of his will snap into place for the first time in centuries .
` ` you may take me in their place , and i will not fight you , '' niccolo had said according to witnesses .
the cold , hard pieces of his new reality clicked into place .
yes , death would likely find another person to take her place .
it was n't simply a mind - blowing physical reaction that infused every muscle in her body with rapturous bursts , it was like the final piece that had been missing finally slid into place .
we both know that heart of yours is much too kind to permit mack and arno to take your place . ''
she asked and i hated to see the doubt and insecurity start to take the place of the desire on her face .
but also feeling sad that he had to in the first place .
i was too busy trying to remember why the hell i let maysie talk me into coming here in the first place , '' i said , infusing more than a little bit of jerk into my tone .
the soft lover from moments before was gone and in his place was a ferocity that unfurled a wet heat deep in my belly .
his mouth took the place of his hand and as he sucked my nipple into his mouth i arched back off the bed .
how easy it was to end something that should never have started back up in the first place .
if i did n't stay , he 'd have someone else ready and willing to take my place .
there were plenty of girls to take her place .
gracie had decided her aspirations needed to sidelined in place of getting herself together .
and i think , if you give us a chance , we can prove you were right to sign us in the first place , '' i finished , taking a deep breath .
then a happy sort of contentment took the place of the angst on his face .
and austin was this places ' paul delawder , the dick who had destroyed my mp3 player my first day at jackson high school back in virginia .
daniel asked and my irritation dissolved in place of my relief at not having to sit awkwardly though a date like situation with jake .
i did n't like the sound of her voice and my good mood evaporated instantly and anxious nerves took its place in the pit of my stomach .
and just like that , the fuzzy black faded away and everything clicked into place .
maria reminded me of how easy it was to forget why you took them in the first place .
she was n't even the same girl who 'd taken my place .
with the last signature in place , everyone stood to leave .
relief swept over her face before confusion took its place .
when mom left to get some rest , daniel took her place .
i could feel her anger dissipate , hurt taking its place .
i froze , my breath gone as old sorrow took its place .
when it was gone , an expression of determination took its place .
but above all , i wished i 'd just listened to him when he had pleaded with me to leave in the first place .
my love for her would never diminish , and andrew would never take her place , but he 'd completely filled the gaping hole in my heart that had been reserved only for him .
i suppose i can wipe their minds , but that will make me even more drained , which is the reason i was going to risk eating them in the first place ! ''
it its place was a woman who had borne too much .
i had to look away to reclaim the reason i had chased her out here in the first place .
this was why i 'd left in the first place , unable to face it , but unable to look away as i gave in and stole a glimpse at the three who 'd walked through the door .
i ' m not sure ... '' with my gut in knots , i moved forward to watch the interaction over the wall , to see my mother have to look down because she could n't bear to finish the sentence , to see the embarrassment rush to redden maggie 's cheeks , then to see the resolution take its place .
a fresh round took their place .
in their place were angry , puckered scars .
i gagged and bile rushed up to take the place of the scream still rattling in my throat .
amber promised to take my place and take care of the woman who 'd allowed a man to damage her so badly she could no longer take care of herself .
in its place , fear had taken hold .
the police chopper had gone , and a medevac flew in low overhead to take its place .
all traces of that shyness were gone , set in its place a steely determination as she lifted her chin high .
the hard lines were gone , sincere blue eyes in their place .
in its place was the same loneliness i 'd been swimming in for days , her playful eyes now somber and unsure .
mr . davison sat back while his salad plate was removed and a soup bowl was set in its place .
in its place , i sensed his thrill .
the small panic that had built up in my chest subsided , curiosity taking its place .
shame had taken its place .
that shame evaporated and a thrill of exhilaration took its place .
she stepped down and the minister took her place .
but he returned now because somehow , through all of that , he 'd seen a future with me , that he 'd seen life beyond the date when he believed he should have died in his mother 's place .
my hands got lost in the mass of her hair , before they stroked down her spine and came to rest on her glorious ass , which had gotten me started in the first place .
david shifted on his feet , no doubt feeling the lurking hostility that would be all too happy to break free if he did n't get a clue and take his place .
a modern kitchen had taken the country kitchen 's place .
all the heaviness was gone and a sweet sexy grin that did crazy insane things to my heart was set firmly in its place .
dickhead did n't hesitate to take her place .
in its place , i just felt grateful .
her happiness drained , despondency taking its place .
the conceit was gone , in its place a gentleness i 'd never associated with this woman .
how i wished i could take back the decision i 'd made to all ow him to see lizzie in the first place .
it was then that i 'd felt the shift as the tension seemed to drain from her , a calm taking its place .
the passage of time dragged by as patients were call ed back and others arrived to take their place .
so many times i 'd imagined this , what it would be like to stay here , though the circumstances now were so different than what had taken place in my dreams .
in its place was only pity .
i forced myself into believing that the moment we 'd shared in place of those words had n't been so much more powerful than had i just said them aloud .
and just like that , the peace of our evening was gone , leaving in its place a christian i 'd never seen , did n't know .
in place of nagging guilt and what - ifs was agonizing loss .
my child was missing and in her place was a shel with an ashen face , pale and wan .
the emptiness had vanished from her eyes ; in its place was both hope and despair .
to remember exactly why she 'd allowed me to place that ring there in the first place .
all the casualness i 'd come to expect from him evaporated , severity taking its place .
in its place was a distinct intensity , his expression severe .
i touched my jaw , my fingertips shaking , and as my desperate urge to go to the bathroom faded , a longing to go home came in its place , stepping aside for the rolling in my stomach ; i lopped a hand across my gut and ran for the toilet .
david , rather heatedly , put everyone in their place .
that 's why he bought me the dock in the first place .
for every tear i swiped away , another took its place , and i fought to quiet my sobs , but the pain just went too deep .
but it was just no good - all i saw was myself , in place of mrs rossi .
i tried so hard to imagine david sitting in place of ryan , smiling over at me .
he nodded solemnly as he placed my heart into his pocket , and then , like so many times before , without a word , without a smile , the darkness was the only thing i saw in his place .
only a streak of yellow light remained in his place , filtering in from the hallway .
i was just trying to make a point , and the worst part was , i could n't even remember what point i was trying to make in the first place .
` ` to begin with , drake actually offered his life in place of anandene . ''
` ` yeah , but when i go to swear my oath , david and i can switch places , '' jason said .
if the prophecy child was supposed to be with blood of david knight , then surely his own dna would suffice in place . ''
` ` with a spell based on one 's blood , a twin can offer themselves up in place . ''
so , again , we 'll feign a pregnancy and crown david in jason 's place , '' i said simply .
not to mention- '' he huffed a breath out through his nose , ` ` -i still have n't forgiven him for binding you in the first place . ''
he patted my shoulder then disappeared , and i stood for a few moments among the shelves and the smell of old pages trying to remember what i came into the library for in the first place .
since the king took his place on the throne , so many things had changed around here , including our secret meeting place under the throne room floor .
the apple was gone , as if it had never been in my hand in the first place .
` ` you should n't have done it in the first place . ''
i offered to trade places with him - be the one to do it so that he did n't have to suffer .
so , another soulless child was born in place of what was supposed to be anandene , and we moved lilith 's soul to the new vessel . ''
a perfect week for mom to leave her in charge in the first place .
he can take my place .
a huge old clapboard victorian looms up in front of me , but half the roof is missing , plastic sheeting is flapping in the place of at least two walls , and as i edge nervously toward the scaffolding , i can see a vast black hole in the middle of the main entryway .
in their place are haphazard blond curls caught back in a bright green scarf , a paint - splattered man 's shirt and jeans , and a pair of scuffed sneakers .
i pull away , that first blissful swoon i felt dissolving now , leaving something else - something cooler , more solid - in its place .
there was a pause ; portia was still waiting expectantly , so grace bent to straighten them in place .
they ca n't hold her place without the next tuition installment . ''
the black mourning garb was gone : in its place was a floaty vintage print dress and fifties starlet lipstick .
her tension slipped away , and in its place , she felt a delirious kind of relief .
she yanked brandon 's flowers out of the water and tossed them aside , arranging dakota 's posy in their place .
and , at last , my new room is neat and clean , natasha 's many belongings tucked away under my bed , my clothing and study materials in their place .
ella was gone , and alice was left with nothing but chaos and confusion in her place .
she 'd accused alice of underestimating her , but on the other hand , there she was , happy to act young and helpless because it was just easier that way - to have people doting on her and doing everything in her place .
if ella really was kate jackson , then this kate would have disappeared years ago : fading into nothing so other , false names could take her place .
that is why i have come to the conclusion that if i must die for such a pitiful creature , i might as well achieve what i aimed to do in the first place . '
my business is why you are standing here ; i was sent in place of finnian and aleix , as they are indisposed . '
they spun and spun in his hand , a tiny whirlwind until suddenly they disappeared ; in their place was a flickering ball of fire , perfectly shaped into a flame and floating a few inches above his skin .
until that is in place , she will stay with us . ''
and for the first time since my own grandmother had died , i found that i longed to be sixteen , so i could take up my place on the inter .
it was almost like the two had switched places .
` ` is there one with a blonde woman and a brunette , maybe switching places ? ''
we can get a lot of information out of this if you two take their places and play your cards right . ''
the rest of your team has already been put in place , '' mccoy told them as he pushed another stack of files toward the center of the table .
` ` from what we '' re getting in interrogations , it appears their intention was to put each of the men out of commission somehow and then take their places at the final meeting on tortola .
when zane pulled back , he glanced at the weapon - pointed away , luckily - and then at ty for a split second before doing what he d come to do in the first place .
of course , julian would yell at him for opening the door in the first place .
why could n't you have just let me shoot him like i wanted to in the first place ? ''
` ` you probably should n't cripple him , '' zane said in place of further caution .
zane felt solid against his fingers , and after a week of closing his eyes and imagining it was zane 's touch in place of his own , zane 's weight felt incredible against him .
but everything seemed to be in its place .
it feels as if my entire life just fell into place .
i swear to you , i will gladly take their place .
i stand there for a minute , staring at their blank faces , their gaping mouths , and i ' m almost sorry i took them out in the first place .
like i ' ve just cheated on him right here in front of all of ephemeral even if the entire exchange did take place in our imaginations .
coop has already taken his place , so efficiently .
a solid brick wall has erected itself in place of the old wooden door .
nothing more than a scholastic exchange took place .
my mother used to tease that he took my father 's place . ''
gone is the four - poster victorian furniture my mother took pride in , and in its place is a steel rack with a giant leather swing , with stirrups attached on either side .
not to mention that a cash transaction has yet to take place .
it 's just everything is taking place behind closed doors , our bedroom door to be precise , and it 's not like him .
i turn to find lauren and ally standing there as cal takes his place by his future bride .
it 's sort of her fault anyway , for trying to push us together in the first place .
` ` everything 's falling back into place . ''
i 'd never let another girl take skyla 's place .
my thoughts shift to chloe , to all the bullshit she 's caused - to the fact she hacked off logan 's head in the first place and splintered skyla 's heart in the process .
` ` the family is great , and skyla knows about liam , about me taking his place in the future . ''
marshall comes in and tucks his shoulder into logan 's until he 's effectively taken his place .
they have n't stopped emitting their strange light since that night he purveyed his special brand of magic and lit them all up in the first place .
it 's as though the girl in me is disintegrating , evaporating like smoke , and a new person is forming in her place , stronger , far more independent , fierce and able to fend for herself .
she no sooner spills his name than he materializes and takes his place by ezrina 's side .
my father bristles out of the crowd and takes his place by my side .
in its place is a perfect lawn , a picket fence that leads to a giant white house with a wraparound porch that stretches the entire circumference .
emerson glows an odd shade of teal , her face still holds two dark caves in place of eyes , and well , i ' m pretty sure that 's the deal breaker .
with everything in me , i want to take her back where she belongs - volunteer to die in her place .
` ` you said it would kill her if you touched her , '' gage says , intolerant of the fact marshall has taken his place in so many ways .
` ` she 'll be here taking my place . ''
rules are in place to enforce order .
i ' m shocked to see her standing on west paragon 's soil as though she were never kicked out in the first place .
it 's his unjust murder that drives me to win the faction war , to put the counts and fems and any other demonic form of being in its place for what they ' ve done to him .
it 's not plagiarism if i were the one to suggest it to the author in the first place , he gives a smirk .
just knowing that a fem took my place creeps me out .
dark shadows emit in place of his dimples .
a fem will take your place momentarily and walk out the door with the fem that looks like me .
marshall pushes gage back rather violently and takes his place .
you could take his place . ''
we played games where we switched places and not even our grandmother could tell the difference .
` ` of course , i would n't tell a soul or else your classmates will claw your eyes out in hopes to take your place . ''
when we were little , my sister and i liked to switch places .
ace appears in her place and frowns over at her until we hear the slam of her door .
she 's back , and my whole world feels as if it 's falling into place again .
baya takes off , and laney appears in her place .
it took the place of my father when he left us all those years ago .
` ` i think i ' m going to take the place over myself .
i wonder how different things would be - how far i could have gotten in life by now - if my father had just stuck around in the first place .
i wanted someone - anyone to come in and try to take my daddy 's place .
aiden shoots me a death stare that says you 'd better not entertain another penis in my place .
as soon as roxy walked in the place i could n't take my eyes off her .
one of the last things my dad said to me was that i should n't saddle myself down too young , that i should shop around and when ` ` the one '' came along , i would know it , and everything would fall into place .
the choir finishes up a sassy version of jingle bells , and the master of ceremonies takes his place at the podium once again .
technically i 'd be breaking my promise to ` ` leave her the hell alone , '' but a cash transaction just took place for her time and attention , and i ' m half - tempted to show her the receipt .
a cash exchange took place , and he was simply accepting my services .
it takes a minute for what he 's implying to sink in while the loud gunshot - like noises come to a crescendo and the distinct sound of deep guttural groans takes its place .
if i knew there was anything wrong with me , i would never have gotten his hopes , or his tree limb up , in the first place .
a large spider web of a crack stares back at me in its place , and i ' m damned impressed .
we hit the cool night air , and i run all the way across the street back to whitney briggs where i should ' ve been in the first place .
if you want to cover me up from the paps and hide the fact that you did n't get a size 2 model as your assistant , then you should n't have hired me in the first place . ''
i matted at my hair self - consciously , mentally cursing myself for not fixing up in front of a reflective surface of some kind before coming back in here , then cursing myself again for wanting to fix myself up in the first place .
you coming out of the shower - i would ' ve joined you of course , which , by the way , i ' m offended you did n't invite me to join you in the first place . ''
i take my place , and when he 's satisfied that i ' m safe from getting hit , he turns to the target , raises the gun in both hands , his arms extended and muscles completely flexed and takes his first shot .
` ` if i ask luke about orgasms , he just jumps right into giving them to me and then i forget what i was asking in the first place , '' nat says with a frown .
i know it was shitty and i probably should have taken you home and taken care of you myself since it was kind of my fault in the first place .
that i ' ve probably gotten worse instead of better and i 'd have to face the very disappointment and lost hopes i ran away from in the first place .
but i do n't think ms . mcallister 's expression is as much about his answer as it is about the fact that he answered in the first place .
gone was the suppressed violence in its place was bland unconcern .
he barely looked at her as he pivoted her out from under the spray and put himself in her place .
and sonia 's place , her role , as silent succor to callum .
leah blinked , the distrust and horror gone , confusion and disbelief in its place .
i knew what it was but i swallowed it away and pretended it was n't there in the first place .
they ' ve done enough judging when it was not their place and the judgments they cast were f**ked .
now , all attitude gone , sweet wonder was in its place when she asked , ` ` are you hard ? ''
they knew they had to put their own team in place , or at least people who were n't there before product launch who might ask questions , and they were gearin ' up for that . ''
gone was everything that was her and in its place was a person no one would want to know .
it shocked the shit out of me she had the gumption to take them to mike in the first place .
when they 'd find a dealer and take him down , a new one would take his place and the drugs kept coming .
then his head dropped and his mouth started working my neck again and i wondered why i wanted to move in the first place .
jasper whispered , the good , warm , golden light flashing out of his eyes , the warning , red , volatile ass**le teenaged kid one taking its place .
she shot back , amused rocky gone , annoyed rocky in her place .
the confused and afraid slid away , the angry snapped right into place .
it was no longer his place but he was proud of her .
he liked his harley brethren to come in , take a load off , shoot a game of pool and drink a few rounds in his place .
i realized while we were doing this that the third wave would be light and seeing this slightly shifted the feeling of contentment that was settling in my soul and a twitchy feeling slid in its place .
feb 's eyes shot back , her unhappy thoughts gone , new unhappy thoughts in their place , she leaned forward so close she had to put her forearms on the bar and she hissed , ` ` but she 's on the run from a murderer . ''
good - natured gone , colder than steel and firmer than concrete in its place , sully said , ` ` you do n't know me , mr . lowe , so you ca n't say that about me . ''
` ` you 're too busy for me to call you every day , '' i told him something i should know , since , even though tisimo magazine had given him a young man named daniel to take my place temporarily , i still knew his schedule like the back of my hand .
` ` i- '' ` ` and it 's funny to you that when conner had a pissed off dad in his face , josie stood between him and that man , calmed the situation down , sorted it out and did n't waste any time gettin ' con off the hook for somethin ' he did n't do in the first place ? ''
she is taking the place of the seoafin who lives there who , by the way , '' valentine looked again at me , ` ` actually spells it properly . ''
and she conspired to switch places with her twin on the night of her wedding to you . ''
then he cautioned , ` ` this is your destiny and you know it is our duty to fulfill your command but you should also be aware that if you bind your ice bride to this world , so she can permanently take her place , you must also relegate sjofn of the house of wilde to live her days in the other . ''
frey took his place by father .
atticus and aurora were also obviously already on board with me taking their daughter 's place .
all of them , including frey 's quick and unreserved happiness i was pregnant without me having to say a word about remaining in this world , switching places with sjofn and providing an heir to the throne .
* * * * * four days later ... we moved through the forest slowly , the snow gone with the thaw , wet , green turf in its place , the trees blossoming all around and we stopped at the small , ice marble pyre behind which were two seated dragons , their spiked tails swaying lazily , their wings tucked in , their long , slender , forked tongues drifting .
it is , in truth , not a woman 's place to command a warrior , even if that woman is queen . ''
in their place were two , large , scary looking warriors standing inside the cham at the flaps .
i would understand this added room when our long , narrow table was not returned and one just as long but three times as wide was set in its place with four chairs around it rather than just two at the ends .
this does n't happen in my world , this changing of beings , me taking her place , her taking mine .
` ` well , since you are here and you ' ve taken the place of the other cora and you 're apparently stuck here , then i expect to get you , '' he paused and finished firmly , ` ` regular .
tor exploded on a mighty swing that took out four toilroys but four more were instantly in their place .
` ` once the troubles are over and maddie takes her place at your side , everyone will know she 's a replacement of the one you cared so deeply for and lost . ''
in their place were a teapot and two teacups .
no , the one with his head cut off just stood there as another head was growing in its place .
another took his place .
so she took the other sjofn 's place .
` ` the plan is in place .
once she had his hand in place , she said softly , ` ` we have something to celebrate , baby . ''
in her place , another circe raced in , trailed by valentine .
in its place , it formed a see - through throne of what appeared to be crystals .
and i saw against my throat in place of the jewelry that had lain there , an exquisite tiered necklace glittering ice blue with extraordinarily cut sjofn diamonds from lunwyn .
i ' m not sleeping , i ' m on edge , i hate this and i hate it more because it was my idea in the first place . ''
` ` i think you lost your place , '' he murmured , setting the book by her still full but now probably cold mug of herbal tea on the low table in front of the couch .
gone was the passion and urgency and in its place was complete and surprising tenderness which left her a different kind of breathless .
he wanted this stubborn , tempestuous julia fairfax to disappear and an acquiescent , but still tempestuous , julia ashton to take her place .
` ` the hell you are , '' he replied , wariness obliterated and instant rage in its place .
as she gazed at him , he saw raw emotion take the place of the blankness that preceded it .
mrs . k had removed the red roses and in their place was a magnificent display of the white ones douglas had brought home with him .
her fingers curled over it slightly and she dropped her head and poked at the precious pendant with her finger , cursing , for the millionth time , her absentmindedness that caused her to forget it in the first place .
completely gone was the intensity and in its place was something entirely satisfied and more than a touch amused .
as he spoke , her face shifted and relaxed , the emerald melted and the sherry took its place .
` ` no , '' she cut him off , cute elle gone , warm , appealing elle vanished , cool and aloof isabella in her place .
annie 's dreamy expression faded and a happy one took its place .
so into it , her space evaporated and their space took its place .
not only his reaction to this knowledge but what he might think of belle knowing she 'd made the choice of calvin in the first place and let his abuse carry on for as long as it did .
the sad smile disappeared , a hopeful one took its place and she squeezed his arm .
i glanced at lee , the lee beast had disappeared and cocky lee had taken his place .
` ` his place is n't an option . ''
once the soap was rinsed from my hair , lee moved me out of the spray and took my place .
i watched as his face changed , the incredulous glitter faded from his eyes and something else took its place .
` ` chiquita , you 're too adorable , '' he muttered , watching me , the lazy look gone , the hungry look in its place .
` ` i do n't know whether to feel sorry for you or stun gun you and take your place , '' al y said .
tod slipped the pump on in its place .
vance turned and with his eyes on me and us being alone i totally forgot why i asked to talk to him in the first place .
in its place was something else , something softer , something i could n't read .
the beard was gone and in its place was the baddest - ass mustache i 'd ever seen ; thick and black across his lip and trimmed neat down the sides of his mouth .
half - grin , amused luke was gone , brows drawn , pissed off luke in his place .
` ` fuck , '' luke hissed , the dead , flat voice long gone , anger taking its place .
` ` my place ! ''
this mace person has taken his place .
mace 's eyes opened and cut to her , pain gone , fury in its place .
in their place was indy 's dad , tom and hank , lee and al y 's dad , malcolm .
even though he called me ` ` sweetie '' ( and he 'd never called me ` ` sweetie '' ) , ice princess clicked into place .
therefore , the ice princess clicked into place .
i felt the ice princess arrive back from vacation and start to slide in place but something made me push her out and send her packing again .
he did n't look back when he answered , ` ` my place . ''
in a flash , my mind reactivated , i lifted my chin and a new ice princess , one i 'd never met before , one that had a whole different way of dealing with things , slid with a decisive snap into place .
i snapped , new ice princess gone , attitude sadie in her place and i heard roxie let out a surprised giggle .
the one who 'd take his place when he retired .
i waited for who hector called stepford sadie to slip into place .
i knew brian enough , if he told lee he was in place , he was .
` ` the plan 's in place .
she stopped looking freaked and glared at me for a nanosecond before her mask slipped into place .
and in his place a man the ton said could not be tamed , which quite fit with his name if one asked him , which no one did .
i just came from the tables where i persuaded him to take my place in the game .
i ' m sure if you wait here long enough , another willing fellow will come along to take that one 's place .
` ` gemma , know your place ! ''
so he pointed his rapier in her direction and swore to make her sorry she ever challenged him in the first place .
loss of her warmth , the sweet taste of her tongue - it was all gone , and in its place , the stale london air .
who better to help her weed through the potential suitors than the one who started it all in the first place ?
` ` rumor has it he 's sending her here to learn about her english heritage before he allows her to fully take his place . ''
in its place was a desire to put her health , her ambitions , her needs above his own .
but i was almost one - hundred percent sure that 's what was taking place .
any one of those girls would take her place .
but the pieces were n't falling into place .
i wanted to pretend that our masks remained in place , that the kissing was still making me forget , rather than remember the type of girl i really was .
mel came over a few nights before i was going to put my plan in place .
and in its place utter darkness .
i was never one of those girls who allowed emotions to control my actions i think that was why taylor had chosen me in the first place so i was n't stupid .
` ` now , we do this the easy way or the hard way ... '' chapter forty - eight terror is something a person experiences when fear is long gone , and in its place is nothing but the evidence that you are n't going to make it out alive .
it felt ... wrong to have someone take his place .
yet i knew as much as anyone that by the time i made it to the buffet , the food would be gone - as if it was a mirage in the first place .
you 're reminded how much of your life was a nightmare - and again remember why you went to sleep in the first place .
by the time she was done coughing , a wheezing took the place of her breathing , making it sound like she was choking .
and in its place , a short cut that , although she was convinced was the style , only came to just below her shoulders , making her feel absolutely naked .
` ` but once a heart is broken , it takes more than just someone willing to fix it for the mend to take place . ''
she will never take my place . ''
greedily he took and he took , until finally he felt the pain leave and in its place ... peace .
they fell into a deep sleep , and when she awoke , he was gone , and in his place he had left a shiny apple .
not to mention he acted in the place of their deceased father while their mother was currently in bedlam .
no , he was going to hunt her , he was going to chase her , and make her wish she had never awakened the wolf in the first place .
that way if i die , you will be able to continue in my place . ''
why had n't he taken him in her place ?
he had secrets as well , ones he thought he kept well hidden until his mask crumbled , leaving nothing in its place but the shell of a man broken .
and in her place was a note .
allow me to go in her place .
` ` my place for hers . ''
the night she met dominique for the first time , he had been arriving to take his rightful place as the only heir to the hariss earldom .
it was n't until she slammed the door that she remembered the reason for going down to the practice room in the first place .
dominique stood in the doorway , hands behind his back ; whatever scowl he must have worn while shouting minutes ago was gone and in place of it , a demure smile that made her slightly uncomfortable .
and in their place ...
legs like lead , she was suddenly fearful she was having another spell , but the feeling quickly dissipated , and in its place a funny feeling in her stomach .
in its place was desperation for the redhead standing ever so provocatively against his bedpost .
his teasing gaze was all but gone , and in its place something far fiercer .
it was time to take my place .
he would ask if i needed him to take care of something , i 'd either answer yes and slip him the name and address of that certain something , or i 'd say no and we 'd pretend like he did n't ask me in the first place .
i 'll cheerfully take my place and make you look like the little , pathetic bitch that you are .
` ` why the hell would you have to kill me if i took my rightful place ?
and it 's time he took his place .
knowing that even if you broke my heart , i still had a ring on my hand saying you it was yours to break and that i probably deserved it in the first place . ''
` ` with me and the abandonato 's until i take my place . ''
after all , everything fell into place .
luca had said to invite the alfonso and his men as a way to make for a way to make peace with tex , he wanted them to discuss logically what should happen and who should take the place as head of the family .
that scared little fourteen - year - old was gone , and in her place , a woman who had been forced to grow up way faster than should have been necessary .
a large warm arm wrapped around my waist , and i was reminded all over again why i 'd wanted him in the first place .
chase laughed as the gun was removed from under my clothing and placed wherever the hell he had kept it in the first place .
he wanted me to take my place ?
turn his back on the family he 's known his entire life , never to see them again , move to sicily and take his place ... or stay . ''
in its place was - a ruin .
paul says it with none of the anger i 'd feel in his place .
mom 's portrait wo n't hang in its place any longer .
the guy standing here in his mumford and sons shirt and cargo pants is my theo , the one triad took over months ago so that their spy could act in his place .
at the time , i felt as though i was making responsible choices - or that if i made mistakes , they were the mistakes those marguerites would have made in my place .
in their place was a photograph of a dark - haired girl smiling happily in the corner of the screen next to the female news anchor .
the pieces clicked into place .
in his place was morales .
my father stepped out of the way , moving his head to the right , and leon lassiter 's took its place .
so happy that i almost forgot what landed me in the hospital in the first place .
my bedroom walls seemed to melt and new ones , old ones , sprang up in their place .
he wanted noah to take her place .
` ` i 'll let this one go , '' jude said with a wholesome smile , ` ` if mara takes his place . ''
all you have to do is take their place . ''
` ` do n't lose my place . ''
i do n't want to take jace 's place .
my cousin 's best friend got married tonight , and instead of my cousin standing up there as his best man , i had to take his place .
` ` but i do n't see there being many more like you waiting to take my place when i ' m gone , '' he says with an air of comical disbelief .
it was just a matter of time that the order would take him out of the assignment and either put joran carver in his place , or eliminate her altogether .
he turned to help callie out , not surprised that she 'd barely stepped onto the path when fane was smoothly taking his place at her side .
` ` you never intended for me to take my place as ruler . ''
` ` to take my rightful place i must have an army , but unlike my predecessor , i have no intention of becoming a martyr . ''
as if a missing puzzle piece deep inside him had just fallen into place .
` ` once i have taken my place as ruler , '' he said with a shrug .
sebastian 's heart came to a frozen halt as he recalled the reason he had left his home in the first place .
with a shake of his head , he turned from the motionless bodies and sternly turned his thoughts back to the reason he had entered the woods in the first place .
feeling as if she had neatly been put into her place , simone eyed him with a jaundiced frown .
` ` another will take my place , '' he said grimly .
whatever his claims to possess feelings for her , his place was not in london .
` ` perhaps for the occasional visit , but my place now is with you . ''
your place is with me . ''
it aggravated the hell out of uriel that he was n't allowed to take his place in the chase .
i ' m sure she 'd change places with you if you want . ''
he would be furious in her place .
there was a shimmer of faint light before his reflection disappeared and a black emptiness took its place .
` ` i ' m a vampire , and until someone takes my place , my word is law . ''
eventually they would learn just how wrong their assumptions were , but not until the last of his plans fell into place .
although he could n't sense the spells that were wrapped around the building to repulse humans , he knew they would be in place .
instead he had taken them as clan members and did his best to make sure they possessed the skills necessary to take their place in the demon world .
` ` but in a few centuries you will be suitably trained to take your place among us . ''
` ` then you should n't have any trouble finding someone to take my place . ''
` ` you will take your place on the commission . ''
` ` if i take my place as an oracle , will cezar be at my side ? ''
and what they wanted was anna to take her place as an oracle .
` ` you ' ve already taken your place on the commission ? ''
` ` and be accused of overstepping my place as your meaningless sidekick ?
if she could track down the cur that had ordered gaynor to capture her in the first place , then eventually the imp would make an appearance .
gone was the brash , conceited demon who had taken such delight in tormenting her , and in its place was a sad , pathetic waste of a creature wearing nothing more than a red thong .
not until he was done killing briggs and putting the curs back in their place so he had time to concentrate on a full - scale charm offensive .
` ` do i have to teach you my place ? ''
already his gut was tied in knots as he struggled between the instinct to return upstairs and force harley to accept her place as his queen , and his duty to hunt down and destroy the remaining danger to his weres .
` ` i could send others in my place , but i wo n't be satisfied unless i watch him die with my eyes , preferably by my own hands . ''
` ` i heard rumors of its existence and knew it would be the perfect means to take my rightful place . ''
` ` my place is at your side .
` ` or to taking his place . ''
` ` take jagr , '' styx said , reluctantly realizing his place was here , organizing additional search parties to look for the babe .
` ` i wish i had left the illusion in place . ''
in their place were a variety of subdued demons attired in matching white robes who settled in their seats with a silent dignity .
in the blink of an eye , troy 's act of a frivolous fool was gone and in his place was a cunning fey prince who made an art form of being underestimated .
who knew the sensation of her innards repairing themselves could be almost as brutal as having them squished in the first place ?
i wonder if it 's incredibly shitty of me not to tell him that the whole reason i started being nice to him in the first place was because i wanted to find out information about his father .
in his place existed a dark and broken character , whose features were openly screaming bloody murder .
in its place was a broken little girl .
i ' ve taken my place as commander of the army and i ' ve geared them up for battle just as you commanded .
i did not interfere with any of the decisions you ' ve made about the island since you took your place as king .
as she scurried away , he grabbed the other young woman , forcing the brunette to take yvonne 's place .
for him to question ashley and put her in ` ` her place '' for simply speaking her mind was unlike him .
the moment the ruby - studded plate was put in its place , i felt the ground rumble beneath my feet .
in its place were questions that would never be asked .
in its place , there was just this aching guilt , knowing that a life had been taken by my own hands - a life that , for all i knew , could ' ve been entirely innocent .
memories of ben came flooding back , but i shoved them away in place of more urgent matters .
in its place , i will build a fortress - one that the waves of nature and time could never destroy .
i had already taken the place of my father as king of the shade and occupied what used to be his seat at the dome .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' she said quietly before turning and once again taking her place at the stand .
in her place was this broken young woman looking for love .
she had taken my place .
when borys threatened to make a widow out of her and kill derek , so that he could take his rightful place as sofia 's husband , i was overwhelmed with relief .
` ` i solve one issue and another one pops up in its place .
i anticipated the day she would take the place of the young man beneath me , the day when i could treat her as nothing more than what she really was - sustenance for my kind .
i stood frozen on my spot as i stared at them , trying to remember why i was there in the first place .
he will wake up and rule , but he will wake up only when the girl who will help him bring your kind to true sanctuary , is ready to take her place beside him . ''
just like that , his eyes began to clear - a haze giving way to those clear blue eyes , light twinkling in the darkness ' place .
in its place was a thick mattress with linen sheets and a thick red blanket .
if you want people to study , kyle and anna are more than willing to take derek and sofia 's place while the couple have their honeymoon . ''
i ca n't take derek and sofia 's place here at the island .
in its place , there was nothing but resentment and spite .
corinne had taken my place on the mattress , now cradling rose in her arms and kissing her forehead .
in its place was nothing but the same black marble that covered the rest of the floor .
once liana seemed to be confident of our destination , she took craig 's place and the boat went shooting forward .
` ` why has the ageless sent you here in her place ?
in its place was sheer malice .
normally i would stop kai and evie , but since kiev agreed to hold them , we switched places .
in their place was just ... an excitement for living .
in its place was sheer adrenaline .
gone was that frightening red , and in its place was a breathtaking emerald green .
this costume has no halo , but in its place is a tiara , once again gleaming with crystals and pearl .
happy comes from behind him and takes my place by putting hamid in a chokehold .
marco steps back and bob takes his place , putting his hands on my shoulders .
in its place was a warning behind every word .
the fire , the worry , immediately went out of her eyes , only to have that wariness about their future together take their place .
for a few hours , she 'd been able to drop her guard and allow desire to take the place of decisions .
but as renewed passion wrapped around them like a velvet ribbon tying them together , the ravenous need that grew bigger and stronger with every moment they spent in each other 's arms took the place of patience and self - control .
she 'd simply nodded as if the final puzzle piece had slipped into place , saying , ` ` i always knew there was something dangerous about you . ''
one summer they 'd been there , the next they 'd been gone and a boring older couple had taken their place .
` ` i know you ' ve seen a lot of bad marriages because of your work , but from what you told me , i have to wonder if maybe they were people who never should have been together in the first place . ''
hated even more knowing what a fool he 'd been to ever think them in the first place .
and we 'd forgiven each other without ever needing to say the words , because we 'd never meant to hurt each other in the first place . ''
because one kiss , one caress at a time , grayson had taken the place of every other man she 'd ever been with - all of them nothing more than a prelude to the real thing .
after seeing ryan sullivan pitch up close , i- '' the last names suddenly clicked into place .
most of the actors would go back to hollywood to audition for their next role , or to take their place on the next set .
damn zach sullivan for not only waking her up ... but for being the reason she had n't been able to sleep in the first place .
lori took her place as one of the maids of honor and marcus moved to the center in preparation for officiating the ceremony .
but when she finally turned to him , whatever she 'd been about to say fell away , confusion taking its place .
fortunately , a moment after nicola was pulled away , chloe was taking her place in gabe 's arms .
but marcus , who had stepped into their father 's place when he 'd passed away more than twenty years ago , was clearly concerned .
especially since she also knew she 'd done the stupidest possible thing by sleeping with him in the first place ... by becoming just like all those other firehouse girls who lived just for the chance to share a bed with a firefighter .
it had seemed okay when it was just the two of them , when she could convince herself that finally finding pleasure was more important than anything else , but somehow knowing his brother was going to come down the stairs any minute and find her there in her totally inappropriate leather dress and bare feet made her feel like she 'd made the world 's biggest mistake leaving her hotel room in the first place .
everything he 'd done to hurt her , to push her away , to keep her at arm 's length , to guard his heart , came at him as the moon shifted to let the sun take its place .
in his place was the dominant lover who had thrilled her so much , made her shiver with desire and showed her the most incredible pleasures .
and as the door was opened for them and flashbulbs started going off , his kiss erased what remained of her worries ... leaving sweet safety and boundless pleasure in its place .
and the fact that whatever disappointment had been there was now erased ... desire and appreciation taking its place without even missing a beat .
in place of fear , she let fury fly free .
what ya need to be doin ' now is looking for what 's come to take her place . ''
good to see ya set m ' place at the table .
in its place , he was a destination undefended , stripped of fortifications .
jim traded places with the dark breeze .
she was here where her death had taken place , and had some broad brushstrokes about the event - mainly jim 's reaction - and she was n't any more grounded .
` ` with nigel gone , i ' m supposed to take his place up there . ''
but almost immediately , another took its place .
the maelstrom colin and devina had created was gone as if it had never been , and - bonus ! -there was no new national landmark or body of water in its place .
he kissed her deep and traded places with her , shifting her under the spray , the rush hitting her hair and drawing her head back .
zypher was just orgasming , his body bowing forward while his head kicked back - and in the midst of his release , one of the cousins was shoving him out of the way , taking his place , lifting the hips of the female and digging his arousal into her wet , pink sex .
at least zypher seemed entirely content to trade places ; he beared his fangs , ducked his head under the now - heaving chest of his comrade , and nipped the breast of the female so he could feed close to her nipple .
blay cursed and wiped clean the rest of whatever was on the table , his chest taking the place of the objects , his sweat - streaked skin squeaking on the varnish as he lay half on his side .
but then , like , so much later , layla goes into her needing and comes to me , and everything fell into place .
and then he realized ... huh , the ceiling had traded places with the wall .
he took her place inside the palace walls , doing whatever the hell she wanted , when she wanted - assuming he was n't worshipping at her mother 's feet at the moment .
blay took the human 's place .
in their place ?
god , he really did n't want to get into that part of his life - to the point where if she had to leave because the convo ran out of gas , fine : in a flash , images of him having sex with that long succession of human women flashed in front of his eyes , taking selena 's place until he could n't even smell her anymore .
the iv that had pumped contrast into his body was out of his arm , a little white band - aid in the place of its needle , and his shitkickers were back on .
they 'd each said their piece in the way it should have been done in the first place .
` ` and another who has not strayed from the race 's core values will be put in his place .
he had n't shown up at the correct time , so she was going to punish those who had come in his place .
her ears glistened with hardware that spanned the entire rim of her cartilage , and a rhinestone glistened in the place of a beauty mark .
somewhere along the way , i 'd forgotten that i 'd managed to snag him in the first place .
dr . danvers watched him with an indulgent smile before resuming her place .
she wo n't get out with the lockdown protocols in place . ''
humanity had implemented space travel three hundred years ago , taking their place in the galactic government a mere hundred years later .
in its place , a haze of desire hung between them , so strong it felt like a magnet .
` ` and you 'll be more than happy to step in and take my place ? ''
another man stepped forward to take the leader 's place .
a single holoscreen had been inserted into the cavity to take the place of his heart and lungs .
humanity had taken their place with the other species on the station two hundred years ago , when they 'd first joined the coalition .
another platoon of tenement residents took up their place with the others .
when she releases me , maria steps in to take her place .
i was granted this brief visit because you are ready to take your place as king .
her back arched , her arms pulling against her bonds as his hot mouth took the place of his fingers , biting gently and licking first one breast and then the other .
you are n't mage protected , '' she answered distractedly as she took liam 's place that he had vacated at the bedside .
as she took in his perfect features and glanced at his wavy mass of dark hair with one little stray strand that seemed to separate from the others , she wanted to reach out and brush it back in place .
this was why my last boyfriend plan had been in place .
` ` it all just seemed to click into place .
his mouth swapped places with his fingers and he started to gently suck on my other nipple .
they 're not going to kill benjy to keep you in line , because as far as they know , he 's the only reason you agreed to go along with this in the first place . ''
` ` what if augusta decides to have someone masked in his place ? ''
` ` my father tipped us off about her plans , and lila 's bodyguard volunteered to take her place . ''
leaving the uprooted weeds abandoned in the middle of the lawn , i brushed the dirt off her knees and half carried her into the house , wishing with all my might that she never had to go in the first place .
` ` because if henry relinquishes his control over the underworld , someone else will take his place .
we ' ve been trying for a century to find someone to take persephone 's place , and if we don't- '' ` ` if you do n't , then you get to take henry 's place , '' i snapped .
we ' ve been trying for a century to find someone to take persephone 's place , and if we don't- '' ` ` if you do n't , then you get to take henry 's place , '' i snapped .
perhaps it is impossible that anyone takes persephone 's place , but if that is the case , it is out of no failure of your own .
` ` she asked to take your place , and i allowed it , '' he said , his eyes trained on our joined hands .
putting up with persephone , knowing she did n't love him , having to watch him go through losing her - and then being faced with girls who were supposed to take persephone 's place when she 'd loved him first ?
whether or not he 'd helped us escape , i had n't forgotten that it was his fault casey and lux had been caught in the first place .
even if i should break your jaw for leading the others to us in the first place . ''
in less than half a year 's time , she would be his again , and he would make sure to remind her why she had married him in the first place .
he 'd already told me it 'd been because of persephone , of course , but hearing it from her made the pieces fall into place .
` ` even if i did take his place , i ' m not one of the six .
` ` the only reason i ' m alive is because my mother traded places with me . ''
` ` since cronus 's prison will be empty soon , perhaps she could take his place . ''
calliope will take cronus 's place , and if we defeat him , she shall join him in his prison .
everything else will fall into place . ''
henry was here now , and part of me clicked back into place .
` ` she hurts milo every second she keeps him from me and henry , and you 're the one who let her take him in the first place .
` ` you 're the one who insisted i had to bring you along in the first place , '' i said .
my eyes flew open , and the pieces of the puzzle snapped into place .
the thrones were gone , and in their place a glass coffin rested on a raised platform .
as for ava 's place , we must once again scour the world to find one who is worthy .
` ` i think it appropriate that you take ava 's place .
it 's obvious that i ' ve been neglecting beth , so i called in a favor and sent someone in my place . ''
` ` keep your head down , '' he said in place of an answer .
he thought vince should know what was wrong with her , since he 'd given it to her in the first place .
` ` i ' m going to pretend you never said that and say what i called to tell you in the first place , '' she said in carefully measured tones , thinking she might as well get it over with .
trying to ignore the helplessness that engulfed her so often lately , angela perched uncomfortably on the chair next to mrs . bennett 's battle - scarred desk - she knew her place in this room well - and smoothed the skirt of the designer suit she 'd worn to work that morning .
but neither did she need angela thinking she could take betty 's place now that betty was dead .
in its place sat a hard knot of dread , but it was muted like everything else seemed to be .
when i learned what she was facing , i would ' ve traded places with her if i could . ''
` ` you 're essentially running in his place and on his reputation .
` ` because i asked brent to take my place , and tiffany agreed .
as second in command , she hoped to take his place , at which point she planned to guide the prison in a much more enlightened direction .
so he guided the conversation where he 'd wanted it to go in the first place .
was it that he felt he had to take his father 's place ?
back on his feet , time for ink to come up with alternate transportation and time to finish what they 'd set out to do in the first place .
or would the crew send someone else in ink and lloyd 's place ?
sheets in place of blinds .
and isaac had n't proven he could take the place of her husband .
david 's mother said she wanted claire to move on , and would eventually be willing to accept someone else in claire 's life , but she did n't want another man to take her son 's place too soon , especially a man as controversial as isaac .
this was the question rachel had expected , yet defensiveness , in place of honest answers , rose to her lips .
poulson was trying to get her to quit so she could prove to lord druridge that he never should ' ve hired her in the first place .
` ` as well as this : if he refused , mr . cutberth would know other men who might be willing to take his place . ''
since wythe knew her intentions were to search the brothel , he might try to move the paintings , if they were there in the first place .
then i got mad at myself for not standing at the door and refusing to let them enter in the first place . ''
she 's finally been put in her place , right ?
` ` for marrying him in the first place ? ''
` ` no , i think she 's finally accepted that i ' m not going to take cody 's place in her life .
the site said the calendar was n't finished , that it would n't go on sale until december 1 , but there was a preorder campaign in place , and noelle 's picture was used as the enticement .
she applied a couple of butterfly band - aids to act in place of the torn stitches .
he took his place at the table .
it was n't his place to tell them she was dying .
finally , the jetta pulled into the street and the suv took its place .
regardless of what he meant , gail warned simon with a look not to put matt in his place .
` ` and when they do n't work out you have to deal with regret for getting involved in the first place . ''
if she wanted to let her parents down , she could ' ve done that by refusing to handle it in the first place .
waving the family behind him to the counter in his place , brandon stepped out of line .
` ` my stepbrother 's the one who gave me those boxes in the first place , '' madeline retorted .
why would i break into a house for which i have a key to take what i gave freely in the first place ? ''
i think some people , like joe , were trying to convince him i should n't be allowed to participate , because he delivered a rather passionate sermon saying it was n't his place to judge .
could he have come back , found another man in his place , fought with that man and possibly killed him ?
he still did n't volunteer the details she was after , so she resorted to the questions she 'd planned to ask in the first place .
in its place , next to the plate of brownies she 'd bought from grace , was a rain - soaked note .
well- '' she grinned at kennedy ` ` -i ' m sure there 'll be another nice lady to take my place . ''
do you know how many women would love to trade places with you ? ''
if she could reach her car , she could leave stillwater behind forever , as she should ' ve done in the first place .
although no one could take the place of his son , it 'd be nice to have a child he could love as much .
determined to get off the couch , where he 'd been busy kicking himself for going home with kalyna in the first place , he prowled around his apartment .
i should ' ve pushed for more intamacy long ago and ... and returned to your bed before someone else could take my place . ''
maybe you'l remember why you were with him in the first place -- give him another chance . ''
it was the same hardwood her mother 's boyfriend had in his place .
she heard the man ask if he 'd be willing to say a few words at amy 's funeral in place of her own father , who 'd died five years ago , and john readily agreed .
` ` i have to keep my mind on why i came here in the first place , '' she said .
then she put herself in fornier 's place .
the kitchen smelled mildly of cats , which was no wonder because there were three in the kitchen alone , but everything was in its place .
let me do the job i should ' ve done in the first place , '' he said .
` ` someone else will be going in your place . ''
you told your parents i was spying on you when i was only watching what you wanted to show me in the first place ( you know it 's true ) .
in its place was a dull acceptance , like what she 'd experienced when little isabella had broken the handblown vase reenie 's parents had bought her when she 'd traveled to venice with them before her marriage .
` ` she did n't want you to work here in the first place . ''
` ` i ca n't see her sleeping with russ in the first place . ''
she did n't plan on using her mother 's journal as a weapon , had no intention of causing trouble here in dundee , but she could n't resist putting dave small in his place .
if lucky would only make good on her promise to leave right away and not come back , barbara felt they could ignore the fact that she 'd ever returned in the first place .
he took up pacing in josh 's place .
their place ? ''
he raised his eyebrows in place of demanding an explanation , but she got the point .
` ` i bought all that stuff in the first place , '' she said .
he knew at least a dozen other guys who 'd gladly take his place .
she taught me everything i know about the library , groomed me to take her place .
and you 'd know it too , millie lawson , except you ca n't cook your way out of a paper bag , which is why you always ask me to bring the meat in the first place . ''
i returned your purse- '' ` ` after stealing it in the first place , '' she broke in .
besides , a guilty look , fear in his eyes , none of that can take the place of forensic evidence .
` ` unless he 's the one who locked it in the first place , '' francesca said .
` ` i hate that i let him take my place , that i was n't the one to travel with you to washington , d.c . , and everywhere else you went . ''
or you would ' ve gone in as my brother , like i wanted you to in the first place . ''
this time a groan sounded from the crowd and ethan thought he heard someone mention martha , but he ignored that and the disapproval he felt from the brethren who had n't wanted him to admit courtney in the first place , and talked over the noise .
she asked if i 'd intercede for her , but that is n't my place .
` ` who decides what their place will be ? ''
they went down the stairs again and stopped midway , and noel switched places with her , so she was standing on the higher step .
` ` pull someone out of the crowd to take his place .
he removes his hand from the small of my back , and it 's only then that i realize it was there in the first place .
in his place . ''
i have to keep convincing myself that i was right in the first place , that i was right to break up with him , because it 's clear that he 's realized the truth of what i ' ve always feared .
in that instant , my tiny bird took zeus 's place , flying closer to me before he changed back .
though the titan war had ended long ago , in its place , a new one had been born without my knowing .
` ` i would have fought for her place , '' i said .
seven votes to overthrow zeus 's rule , seven votes for me to step up and take his place .
i looked at her , and the agony i saw in place of mother- a lump formed in my throat .
` ` and i could never take your place , you know . ''
i was supposed to take her place and stop it .
the only thing they had n't counted on was daxton having someone else masked to take lila 's place - me .
while i had agreed to take lila 's place on a more permanent basis , however , celia had been forced underground .
or a cohesive plan in place .
` ` i 'd keep it secret , but i would n't destroy it if it was the only evidence i 'd ever existed in the first place . ''
` ` believe me , if lila was willing , i would have never asked you to stay in the first place , '' he said shortly .
he took her place , directly facing me now .
a sickening smile spread across mercer 's face , and in that moment he reminded me so much of daxton that , in my panic , i saw him standing there in mercer 's place .
and even if dying was worth it , i had to get to the bunkhouse alive to give scotia the codes in the first place .
` ` your shoulder 's out of place , '' she said , taking my arm .
it grew farther and farther away as the battle raged on , but it was only another reminder that i had dragged countless innocent people into this fight without ever asking if they 'd wanted to be involved in the first place .
with duval 's revelation , so many small details fall into place .
in his place is a finely dressed courtier in a doublet of dark blue .
gone is the proud , brave duchess , and in her place is a young , frightened girl , using anger as best she can to shield herself from what has just happened .
in no time at all , the normal chill of death disappears , and in its place i feel numbness .
louyse has already turned back the covers , so i lay him down in my place .
his temper has dissipated , and in its place is a faint mocking expression .
even so , old habits do not die easily , and i leave the hood in place .
beast has also purloined the woodcutter 's ax from its place near the lodge 's woodpile .
sister vereda is ill , and they want annith to take her place . ''
plus , who will they get to take her place ?
duval would protect ismae and keep her from being sent in my place when the abbess learns that i did not go .
i wish to go in your place . ''
i think annith may be called upon to take the seeress 's place . ''
words crowd up my throat - i did not do it out of dedication , i want to tell her , but because i wanted the seeress to get better so i would not have to take her place .
` ` that is why , after much thought and prayer and discussion with the other nuns , i have decided that you will begin training with sister vereda immediately so you may take her place as seeress when her aged body finally stops working once and for all . ''
as she prattles an answer , i reluctantly return the tears of mortain to their place .
and then he is gone , riding back to the front of the pack and motioning miserere to take his place at my side .
mortain himself will take his place among the nine .
she and duval will be staying in rennes - duval will be overseeing the duchy while his sister takes her place on the french throne .
they were frozen in place when neal left last week .
mackenzie and i switch places , i ' m getting my hair styled and mackenzie is now getting her makeup done .
chloe asks to dance with her husband and before i even have a chance to look around for hunter to take his place , cooper sweeps me away .
` ` that does n't erase the fact that i took you in the first place .
even when i was young , and came up to the mountains with the versteegs , i studied him and let him teach me his tricks , like using pine pitch in place of lighter fluid .
with each ring , i felt my nervousness slip away , and something else fill its place .
not because it ended or that it had gone on for three months , but because i 'd started it in the first place .
jeremy had done it dutifully in my place .
i tried to imagine graham there in his place , but i could n't .
from behind , another of the brute 's cohorts shoved until the body fell and he took his place .
but it would ' ve been out of place if she 'd refused to drink in ike 's honor .
` ` they should ' ve just been executed in the first place , '' someone else muttered .
it was odd that other creations had taken his place in the limelight .
he dropped clean ; another took his place .
so he strode over to the two workers , bravado in place of skill .
jael wanted to volunteer to fight in her place , but she 'd repudiated him once before .
` ` and we really need someone in her place . ''
he looked away as i took up my place at his side again .
i urged her to find another guy to take his place , but she did n't seem too thrilled with the promise .
` ` that means whoever we hire to manage these shops in place of cora is going to have to be a perfect fit .
now i just needed to get back to the city in one piece because the driving conditions were terrible and the things running around my head had my concentration all over the place when it should be firmly on the road .
it was a testament as to how much he wanted to please me , wanted me to have a good time , that he agreed to leave the apartment with me in the first place when clearly he would have been content to sit and wallow in his awful mood for the rest of the night .
` ` so after i leave tomorrow someone else takes my place ? ''
now i did n't think there was a woman alive that could take her place .
not one word about poppy or the horror she had suffered and he most definitely did n't mention that he was the primary reason oliver had found my sister in the first place .
even if we figure out a way to get a handle on novak , some other piece of shit is going to rise up and take his place .
yeah , man , i know what people are saying because i told them in the first place !
even as she swore up and down that nothing had happened , all i could think about was how crazy it was that it had been alice 's words that had kind of talked me into sleeping with tommy in the first place .
and maybe she had made out with him in the coat closet during the eighth grade dance when he and i were totally and completely on again , but had n't brandon been the one to choose to make out in the coat closet in the first place ?
some unfamiliar expression lurks behind his eyes , but it passes before i can decipher it and his normal , humorous ` ` life 's my personal game '' facade takes its place .
there 's probably a whole bunch of grunting cyborgs back at the bruce wayne f**kpad ready to take steve 's place if he utters more than three words or , heavens to betsy , cracks a friggin ' smile .
it takes a hard scrubbing to get it all off , and it 's almost more painful to remove the makeup from my bruises then it was to get the lacerations in the first place .
and while i ca n't actually recollect it , i know it has to be bad ; otherwise , i would n't have suppressed the memories in the first place .
i start to let out a breath of relief , but then he either climbs back in or someone else takes his place .
but what i see makes me wish i never looked in the first place .
good - bye 's were never my thing and if i stuck around for much longer i would have had to either answer the person who sent me after lola in the first place or explain to lola that her own father sent me to kill her .
i let nova take her place ?
as i ' m getting the crystal out from under my mattress , i notice that a small area of my roof has caved in , right where the water stain used to be , and now there 's a giant hole in its place .
` ` are you seriously offering me your place ? ''
suddenly , the music stops and cursing takes its place .
by the time we 're walking to the site where the home is being built , just a little over a mile away , i ' m wishing i never came back to north carolina in the first place .
but now avery has taken that place .
i wish i could trade places with those women , let them walk in my shoes .
she was afraid to touch him , afraid the boy could be wearing his own disguise and that suddenly a monster would appear in his place .
it fell into place the second that the doctor stepped into the room .
if we had n't been taken off this case to begin with , i might have been tracking down the person who 'd stolen the bots in the first place , the person who had tagged me .
i ' m not entirely heartless , and especially after the way she 'd put hayley in her place at lunch , i even had what might vaguely pass as a fondness for the bouncy little weapons expert .
` ` how ... '' i stopped myself from asking the question the second it tried to leave my mouth , and chloe immediately and without pause made me devoutly wish i 'd stopped any of it from escaping in the first place .
the call was fading ; the moment had passed , but something else was rising in its place : something that brought the wolves ' howls to a close .
he was everything dev did n't want to be , everything he 'd spent his entire life rebelling against , and already the presence of one of shay 's wolves on my land had sapped the mirth from devon 's features and left something stone hard and formidable in its place .
he must have sensed the urgency in my tone , because the next second , the smile was gone and there was something feral and hard in its place .
all of them - they were there , tugging at my psyche , drowning out chase , willing me to submit , to take my place , to be their daughter , their sister .
my panic and chase 's were gone , and in its place , there was something dynamic and warm weaving its way through my body and through his , pulling us together , inch by inch .
` ` chase did n't do anything wrong , '' i said , allowing my ire to take the place of the holes in my soul .
that thought hit him in place of the things he should have been thinking , about who deserved what and , more to the point , who did n't .
` ` because if it was n't for me , that girl 's father would still be alive , and she never would have had the opportunity to steal a vial of instant null in the first place . ''
and there , in place of that star , that conglomerate of power and beauty and the will of an eight - year - old girl - was nix .
she must be insane if she thought i would be willing to trade places with her and let her take my test .
as upset as i was about their situation , i did switch places with my sister and take her exam .
they 'd paid his rent , so that he would n't lose his place .
although , i do sometimes regret the choice to sleep with him in the first place , but then i think about you and remember that even at the worst times somethin ' beautiful can happen . ''
you know they promised they would , and that 's why i agreed to let them get the damn things in the first place .
conner always said that bella got special treatment , so i was sure that he 'd almost enjoy putting her in place .
` ` just so you know , i was n't backed up in the first place . ''
she took my mother 's place .
savanna never took krista 's place .
the doctor is going to remove both br**sts and then reconstruct new ones to take their place . ''
or better yet , how about you just switch places with us .
her mother was standing there waiting to switch places with me .
he was famous for beating on the door , then asking why we locked it in the first place .
i was doing my best to take care of her after forcing her to come out in the first place .
` ` i ' m the man who pleases his woman first , who takes her places and protects her from herself .
` ` i heard bobby went in my place .
nobody is going to come my way and take your place .
i wondered if she 'd ever be willing to be the person that took summer 's place .
` ` none until you learn your place .
in just a few hours , he would be banging one of my only friends in the bathroom , or some other random place , while i cried myself to sleep for letting myself sleep with him in the first place .
it showed me that all of those sugars that i had bedded and got a hot meal from were taking the place of the mother that i had abandoned .
clearly , he should n't be out driving , so the best way to keep him safe was to appease him and keep feeding him soda until he sobered up and realized what a fool he had been for driving in the first place .
ford kissed his way back up to standing and switched places with me , letting the cool water rinse my body again .
i wished that i was able to wash away all of the stress that i 'd been putting on myself , but more was surely going to show up and take it 's place .
i wondered what he was doing , or if he 'd already started coming on to someone new that would take my place .
` ` i bet he had plenty of women to take my place . ''
now i ' m more pissed off at myself for being stupid enough to sleep with him again in the first place . ''
if they ca n't find us , then they ca n't stop it from takin ' place . ''
they wo n't have any problem arresting him , being that his fingerprints are all over the place . ''
` ` i do n't know why i even took it in the first place . ''
besides , giving grandma the money made me feel like i was doing something useful with my gypsy gift , besides just finding some girl 's lost bra that she should have known better than to take off in the first place .
now , it was time to actually do something about all of this , whether or not i even knew for sure if it was the right or wrong thing to do in the first place .
which was what i should have done in the first place instead of coming here and trying to fit in , trying to pretend like i actually belonged here .
i stood there , feeling like my heart had just been broken without it ever having really been offered up for sacrifice in the first place .
carson was daphne 's boyfriend , but he was my friend , too , since i 'd helped hook them up in the first place .
okay , okay , so maybe i was being bitchy myself , but oliver had started it by sitting down and bugging me in the first place .
although the spartan 's hard stare made me wonder why he was talking to the other girl in the first place .
` ` it took all the magic we had to create the artifacts and seals in the first place and trap loki with them .
` ` this says that the bow once belonged to sigyn , the norse goddess of devotion , and that every time you pull the arrow out of the quiver , another one appears to take its place .
it was like no one had ever touched the statue - not even the artist who 'd carved it in the first place .
the next thing i knew , i was lying on my back on the floor , aching all over and desperately trying to breathe and remember what i 'd been doing in the first place .
` ` i got your message , '' vivian said , stepping up to take logan 's place .
that hope immediately withered away and broke apart like a dead , brittle rose , although more cold worry , fear , and dread blossomed in its place .
but as soon as that reaper toppled to the floor , another stepped up to take his place - and all i could do was stand in the middle and watch my friends fight another battle for me .
that 's why they used the poison in the first place - so we 'd have to come here to get the ambrosia flowers to make the antidote .
images of the gryphon struggling to get free of the trap flickered through my mind , but i pushed them aside , trying to see who had planted the trap in the first place .
but a new image took its place - one of covington alone in the library , poring over book after book , looking at pages covered with plants , herbs , and flowers .
maybe it was crazy , but all the pain was just ... gone , and all i felt in its place was a dizzying rush of love and concern for him , the emotion so intense that my body trembled with it .
i ' m sure he 'll let me close enough to do that , not to mention hold still while i slip the laurel onto his finger in the first place . ''
i suppose i could have put an ordinary candle into its place to buy myself some more time , but aiko knew what i 'd done to her .
he collapsed to the ground , but i barely had time to raise my sword again before another reaper stepped up to take his place .
but more and more reapers rushed forward to take their places .
i thought he had obliterated them too , but they 'd been in their usual spots when we 'd come outside after the battle , perched by the library steps as if they 'd never even moved in the first place .
i looked around and spotted the ladies room , finally hoping for a quiet moment to reassess what the hell i was doing here in the first place .
we were both breathing pretty heavy from the chase , and him being this close to me made me forget why i was mad at him in the first place .
since my mother had finally moved into her new home i wondered if i could get away from my father , but once i saw the size , i knew why she had n't asked me in the first place .
i was forcing chance away so that he could have a real second opportunity at a life that should have been his in the first place .
anyway , i just want you to know that i 'd trade places with you if i could .
maybe she could offer up gen 's place ?
the clear lines of math and science had soothed her need for answers and fed her brain , but she 'd forced herself to become someone else , and made sure that knowledge of manolos and the latest hot handbag took the place of aerospace dynamic theory and newton 's laws of motion .
` ` are you taking arilyn 's place today ?
` ` my place , darlin ' .
the only thing left to take its place was a deep sadness ... for that vulnerable girl she once was , and what she 'd given up because she did n't believe she was worth it .
then when i arrived in rio , she was n't with the rich dude but was in gomes ' place .
there 's even the crappy futon that i had in place of a sofa , and my dvds are lined up on their familiar shelf .
harc instituted a ` ` no travel '' policy years ago to stop the spread of the kdh virus , and it was still in place today .
i feel so messed up i ' m getting pissed that i ever thought it was a good idea to touch her in the first place .
` ` but i ' m the idiot who suggested it in the first place , '' he counters on another hiss , and he seems so genuinely mortified , he wo n't stop shaking his head .
my mother said once the trial took place and his dad was convicted , mackenna would be taken in by some uncle who was just as bad a gangster as the father and that soon , he 'd probably be an outcast in school and would have to move .
i 'd planned on taking granddad 's place ever since i was a kid .
after the shock wore off , pleasure took its place , making her tremble .
if that occurs , there are procedures in place designed to handle the problem .
ca n't wait to see who takes eubanks 's place .
the missing pieces of the puzzle were falling into place at last .
` ` i 'll bet there are probably a couple dozen sopranos coming up behind you who can take your place .
` ` since craigmore handled the eubanks operation privately , the board of nightshade does n't have any idea that we have four of their people under observation , and we 're waiting to see who takes the place of the fifth .
` ` there 's going to be some interesting political infighting at the top to see who takes his place , '' luther observed .
the ice - cold anger that took its place would last awhile .
everything fell into place .
in its place was renewed determination .
` ` his place .
in its place he felt the familiar stirring sensation .
kyle finally managed to get his jaw back in place .
in its place was a glittering scene that could have come straight out of the gilded age .
it is all in place . ''
you will have to step down before one of them will step up to take your place .
very few people outside his family had the nerve to put him in his place .
judson never took his eyes off her as she walked slowly and serenely down the aisle to take up her place as maid of honor .
` ` vegas is always reinventing itself , blowing up old hotels and casinos and building new ones in their place .
the burning lamp could not take the place of the formula .
if there was anyone left in town who was n't aware that colby savagar was probably sleeping with that portland woman who 'd taken the martin place for the summer , he would certainly know it by this afternoon .
in their place was a bunch of colorless , decaying weeds .
eddy never gave me or roy barnes , the man who took my place a couple years ago , any trouble after that so i figured the least i could do was not cause trouble for him . ''
ill talk to gil and maybe the new man , roy barnes , who took his place . ''
` ` i 'll admit a part of me was curious to see how aaron would get on without me , but to tell you the truth i assumed he 'd find someone else to take my place . ''
stalls and small shops took the place of swanky coffee joints and boutiques .
when i opened them , a petite red haired woman stood in saiman 's place .
he stared at mitchell until he finally got his jaw back in place .
` ` it 'll be twenty years at least before he 's even ready to think about taking on a job like running harte investments , assuming he wants to do it in the first place . ''
` ` you 're taking claire 's place ? ''
` ` he just has n't found the right woman to take amelia 's place . ''
but the fact that edith thought that octavia looked like a good candidate to take the place of jeremy 's ex was an irritating goad that he could not ignore .
` ` her place , '' he said neutrally .
sandra got her jaw back into place .
a knowing expression took its place .
in its place stood a two - story mediterranean - style mansion , with cream walls and a dark red roof .
she had n't even realized she 'd picked it up in the first place .
someone had gone to that bank and marked the box so gavin could pull it out with his magic and stick the fireball in its place .
in its place was a melted mess of metal and plastic .
in their place a blazing yellow inferno glared at the world .
in its place was a steady , ice - cold intensity that was disturbingly familiar .
i did n't see any other books or magazines on that subject in her place . ''
she sounded shocked , in spite of the fact that it was her idea in the first place .
in its place was something far more dangerous .
her mother had told her nothing ; she simply went in her place .
the dreochs had her mother and if she did run , her mother would have to take her place .
he had already committed to the game and she knew he could n't simply substitute someone else in his place .
the result is that it ends up costing more to fix the bad workmanship than the project would have cost if it had been done right in the first place . ''
there were just too many places the old video could have been hidden in the house - always assuming that sara had found it in the first place .
would she even go for the idea in the first place ?
she wore a look of weary resignation and the fractured pieces fell into place .
if you take another 's place , you must win it fairly .
they kept their elders from harm and it was understood that they themselves would take their place as alphas , when the time came .
the laughter had left his dark eyes , too , and she could read the desire that took its place .
the amusement in etion 's eyes faded and a bitterness that was usually well - concealed briefly took its place .
` ` you still think that if you prove yourself here you 'll be able to go home to rendezvous and take your place among the rest of your clan as if nothing had ever happened ?
i finally managed to stuff the ladder in its place and left the apartment building for the parking lot , where my female mule marigold was tied to a metal rack set up there for precisely that purpose .
a distinct wariness was beginning to take its place .
the frustration was enough to push aside some of her fear and allow anger to take its place .
she obeyed , her uncertainty fading as a new wave of feeling took its place .
we cut off one of the snake 's heads , but a new one will soon take its place .
if i had said no ... if i 'd been half the man i always thought i was we 'd never have made that baby in the first place .
it was as soft as it looked , even though she 'd first thought he had to use a whole can of hairspray to get it to fall so perfectly into place .
his c**k twitched , demanding to take the place of his fingers .
instead , his brother once more stole his place by her side .
somehow , isaac had discovered of his plan to meet sabrina during the day at the ridiculous tavern she seemed to love , and appeared in his place .
in its place came an evil smirk and her eyes glittered at him .
would he kill her to keep his place as ruler , to show he , as well , would always be held susceptible to the laws of the land , or would he fight the rules for her sake , damning them both ?
there would be a dissension in the ranks as they all fought to take his place .
by the time she pulled back , she had forgotten they were outside on the boardwalk in the first place .
because rebecca took your place , she changed the events that would have led to your downfall .
chapter six angel rule # 6 : never forget your place in the household is temporary .
i have to die before another one takes my place . ''
he held her close , the fire gone from his eyes , a dark glow taking its place .
if he failed now , sophie would take his place .
in her place , cerise , his cousin , would ' ve put her hand on her sword and stalked like a predator in unfamiliar territory .
if someone was in charge of a rough crew , that someone could take their place . ''
now i 'll be pulled off this assignment , and someone else will have to take my place . ''
the woman jumped into his place , swinging the heavy mace in a devastating sideways blow aimed at richard 's shoulder to incapacitate his sword arm .
they were the immediate tormentors , but no matter how many he cut down , as long as somewhere , someone wealthy was getting wealthier from that torment , new slavers would always take the place of the old .
one king dies , another takes his place , but the institution survives . ''
` ` if you could trade places with me , i 'd die on the operating table .
the large man behind her leaped , taking her place , chopping at him with a vicious short axe .
it would be an excellent time to make a bid for the new head wolf , and he means to take my place . ''
i can replace every one of you , and there will be a dozen fighting to take your places .
the humans looked bewildered , but shifter faces began to relax , smiles starting to take the place of fear .
though she knew no one could ever take the place of a lost loved one .
he glanced at jace , who stood behind ellison , jace conceding ellison 's place to guard the house .
that was what he would do in her place .
he watched them go , then gaston landed in her place , his dark hair obscuring his field of vision .
i could slit your throat right now , kill your son , bury your bodies in an unmarked grave , and tomorrow a new soothsayer would walk through these doors and take your place .
in about thirty seconds the bear was gone , and a man stood in its place .
as she watched , the wounds narrowed , dried , and fused , leaving long scabs in place of the chewed and serrated flesh .
kilmorgan castle was a large manor house now , the old castle having been pulled down a hundred and more years ago so that a modern , gigantic georgian structure could be erected in its place .
good girl -- she 'd put hart in his place .
hart remained fixed in place .
you can obtain the bowl for us and put your prudy preston in his place at the same time . ''
gone were the orchestra , dancers ' finery , and footmen circulating with champagne ; in their place were men in kilts , women in plaid gowns , the english guests in casual clothes that indicated they 'd next take a tramp in the garden .
then she sat at the head of the table , in her father 's place .
codes were n't his thing , but he knew the basic premise : figure out the combination of letters and numbers occurring most often and try sticking the most often used letter of the alphabet in its place .
in their place , he 'd find some way to break the suction first , lifting the box from the mud .
i was the one who talked him into letting you come to shiftertown in the first place .
after the mate - bonding at the full moon , it has been decided by clan council that dylan morrissey shall step down as leader of the east austin shiftertown and another feline of the council 's choosing be put into his place .
ellison relinquished his place at liam 's side to kim .
when a clan leader died , usually the second in line stepped into his place without fuss , unless a shifter close to the second knew that he could vie for leadership .
last night he and his father had switched places in shifter hierarchy , which meant he could go one - on - one with fergus now - a fight that might end in liam 's death .
sean emerged from the house in a button - down shirt in place of his t - shirt , the sword strapped to his back .
for the first time in all the years that he 'd been guardian , he 'd been able to watch certain death back away and life blossom in its place .
this is n't your territory , and when sean and liam put callum in his place , you do n't want to be caught up in that . ''
he was conceding his place to his sons .
she could be fired in a blink of an eye , and there would be a line of edgers ready to take her place .
they would ' ve gone for anyone else in his place .
i petitioned , i lobbied , i argued that if an ordinary soldier were in his place , he would n't have received the death penalty . ''
he 'd tried more than many other people would have in his place .
when they wanted to poke and jab him , i told them i 'd go in his place . ''
in a few seconds , a man stood in the leopard 's place , a tall , muscular , naked male who made iona 's heart pound .
she nearly ran away from him , but two of the other girls instantly took her place , and the fireman turned to them , not minding .
the challenge was more symbolic , eric had tried to explain - he was out here to put graham in his place .
i refused to let them take him , so they took me in his place . ''
i also know you 're sending me in your place because you do n't want to leave your mate .
not many employees would in your place .
the coachman , dressed in red livery with a brush in his hat , leapt from his box and tossed the reins to a boy who climbed up to take his place .
it was dimmer now , twilight having taken the place of bright afternoon .
his mind swiftly inserted beth in place of sally , beth 's beautiful eyes sightless , a blade buried in her chest .
no one was there , not a sextant sweeping a floor or the rather doddering vicar who 'd taken thomas 's place nine years before .
he tossed the ruined canvas facedown on the floor and propped a blank one in its place .
perhaps he is trying to eliminate you so he can take your place . ''
home for dinner , in my place for breakfast .
in his place was a man even harder and more driven than before .
the prim young spinster vanished , and eleanor the passionate woman filled her place .
rough play had its place , but there were times when the softest love was the best .
mcpherson 's eyes lost their twinkle and sympathy took their place .
we 'll have something much more tasteful and charming in its place .
he begged me for his child 's life and i knew that he would trade places with his boy without a moment 's hesitation .
raphael had a similar type of tile installed in his place .
you would n't , in her place . ''
two more crawled up to take his place .
a translucent outline shimmered along his skin , expanded , and a different creature sat in anapa 's place .
others took their place .
he walked off and raphael took his place , rinsing his mouth with water from a canteen .
if she claimed she 'd struck out in fear , that daniel had attacked her , violet would be blamed for putting herself into his power in the first place .
serves me right for giving him the money in the first place .
the police had tried to get its location out of her , but of course ruthie had n't known , as she had n't stolen the silver in the first place .
bertie liked everything in its place .
and here 's me , pretending i ' m all virtuous when i 'd give anything to take her place .
when one wife goes , uproot her and replant another in her place .
she relinquished her place to macaulay , and opened the sewing box and threaded a needle .
macaulay and mrs . hill came in from time to time , both trying to persuade bertie to relinquish her place , but she refused .
` ` you 'll grow used to isabella , '' ian 's wife , beth , said , sliding in to take isabella 's place .
a new creature stood in jim 's place : half man , half monster .
the only thing harder to believe was that dad even wanted him there in the first place .
she had long brown hair and the palest eyes he 'd ever seen , a nearly colorless gray that settled on him lightly , and there was something in her manner - a casual lack of interest , a complete failure to be impressed by his knowledge - that made him wish he had n't spoken in the first place .
her parents would want to come pick her up , and annie would wonder why she thought it was okay to show up unannounced in the first place .
her parents ' reaction did n't surprise her one bit , but even as she stood there with the phone squawking in one ear , she recalled the purpose of the trip in the first place .
peter moved over and took her place so that she had both hands free to examine the paw , and the dog whined again before resting his head near peter 's sneaker with a look of resignation .
the other customers had started to remember why they were there in the first place , turning back to the counter to order their sandwiches , and to ellie 's relief , the unnatural quiet that had settled over the shop dissolved again , giving way to the clink of silverware and the sound of laughter .
they were in the kitchen now , and ellie opened the door to the fridge , peering at the shelves like she 'd forgotten why she was there in the first place .
part of it is the impending flight and part of it is the airport itself , but mostly - mostly - it 's the realization that she 'll now be late for the wedding she did n't even want to go to in the first place , and something about this miserable little twist of fate makes her feel like crying .
in its place was the one i 'd gotten all too used to .
the song ended , and a slow one took its place .
i took my bra off and slipped the bikini in its place .
which reminded me why i 'd written the note in the first place .
i wanted to ask him how or why , but it was n't my place .
guilt took its place , and he yanked on his hair .
in their place was speculation .
the thumb was gone , but a tiny protrusion of pink flesh had already begun to grow in its place .
meanwhile , something long broken in my soul seemed to snap back in place , and though i did n't feel it physically , it was just as real - and powerful .
i 'd been too long without the protection i deserved and i was n't about to lose my place by the side of such a powerful vampire .
some fell off as they chewed through the rubber wetsuit and bit into my current - filled skin , but more of them took their place .
still , it was n't my place to lecture people on their lack of manners , not to mention raquel would n't take kindly to me chastising her customers .
gone was the sense of truce i 'd felt for the past several hours , and in its place was tension thick enough to choke on .
` ` then let me say what i should ' ve said in the first place . ''
no evidence at all remained of what had happened , except the satiated warmth spreading throughout her body in place of that former gnawing hunger .
if she could have traded places with spade , cat , or bones , she would have done it in a heartbeat .
she had badgered me into trying out with her in the first place .
when you look at her , what you 're really seeing is the girl you became friends with in the first place , and it 's harder to get mad at her . ''
` ` why 'd you grow it in the first place ? ''
gavin 's been breathing down my neck about winning him poseur tickets and putting chloe in her place .
he was so far away that he was just a tan face with light brown hair , and if he 'd changed places with sean , i would n't have known .
he switched places with me , never loosening his grip on my hand .
even if you thought you really liked her by the time she broke up with you , she only seemed like something you 'd want because adam had her in the first place . ''
grayson sat beside me in alec 's place .
i turned around in my seat and glared at grayson , furious with him for manipulating me and getting me into this whole ill - fated date in the first place .
the rain had moved away , leaving a heavy white mist in its place .
just do n't tell him that i asked you to in the first place . ''
sarah took erin 's place in the kitchen and suppressed the urge to stick out her tongue at erin .
she had to capitalize on her small chance to save the job she 'd worked her ass off to snag in the first place .
sure enough , one long golden curl was missing , with a jagged edge in its place , as if the lock had been cut quickly .
the hard part was holding herself up by the arms while she balanced her body upside down in the first place .
` ` switch places with me . ''
let 's get divorced , which is what we agreed to in the first place . ''
she thought about him saying coldly , let 's get divorced , which is what we agreed to in the first place , and that pushed the memory of him looking down and seeming hurt out of her head .
what if the student making the comment is , for instance , an economics major and is only taking creative writing in the first place because the honors program requires it , and in actuality he does nt know shit ?
bmws and mercedes and rare collector cars pulled into her grandmothers driveway in place of the fine coaches and spirited horses of yesteryear .
then , ` ` it was my girlfriend 's idea to come up here in the first place . ''
it took them a week and a half and a jailbreak to figure this out , when i could have told them in the first place .
she felt as if something vital was missing , as if someone had taken an old rusty saw and carved out a piece of her heart , leaving a gaping wound in its place .
` ` my place , of course .
the wound left by the stake had closed , leaving an ugly red welt in its place .
a wave of panic washed over her when the hooded man took his place at her side .
kristine knew the cook was about to burst with curiosity but , being a servant , it was n't her place to ask where kristine had been , and kristine was not of a mind to explain .
mute , he stared at her , at the perspiration that dampened her brow , at the lines of stress and pain around her eyes and mouth , and wished he could endure the pain in her place .
perhaps mr . delongpre could take the boy 's place in the basement .
he had expected brenna to find another cat to take morgana 's place , but when he had asked her about it , she had simply said that morgana could n't be replaced , and that had been the end of it .
taking her place , she smiled at the children sitting in a half - circle on the floor .
he had n't wasted any time in finding someone to take cara 's place .
gone was the bright - eyed young woman who had filled their house with joy , and in her place stood a listless girl with pale cheeks .
that scene blurred as a new one took its place , and i saw rafe and his brother prowling the shifting shadows of the night .
an instant later , a large panther stood in rafe 's place , its coat sleek and black .
i thought it was just words , but the walls around us shimmered and disappeared , and in their place i saw rolling hills and fields of flowers and trees .
there was a tremor in the air , a rush of supernatural power as rane 's body shimmered , and suddenly he was gone and a large black wolf stood in his place , staring up at her out of rane 's deep black eyes .
scary and beautiful , she thought , the way his body had taken on a sort of shimmery glow as his muscles and ligaments shifted , stretching , realigning themselves , until the man was gone and a big black wolf had stood in his place .
barbara gentry had killed vampires , and when she died , william gentry had taken his wife 's place .
i never found anyone who could take her place , and i was n't willing to settle for anything less . ''
he drank quickly , his enjoyment gone as guilt rose up in its place .
she knew a moment of relief and then , with a wave of his hand , the magician disappeared and a huge black wolf stood in his place .
` ` be ready to take her place . ''
she had flitted from man to man , searching for someone to take logan 's place when she could have had logan the whole time .
a low growl rose in his throat as the mist got thicker , darker , taking on shape and substance , until four men materialized in its place .
with a last worried glance in her direction , the priest took his place at the altar .
putting some distance between us is one of the reasons i agreed to come here in the first place . ''
he would have sentenced him to death and taken his place next to you . ''
too bad every time i killed one , another stepped up to take its place .
that 's what calvin was thinking when he took her place . ''
` ` then take this sword and take your place . ''
i could have asked for the bed after all of the excitement with ollis agreeing to back us , but considering bry was the one who had gotten us the room in the first place , i let him have it .
i have to stay with charlotte , and eventually , she will take her place in bellgard .
` ` we leave for energo tomorrow , and we will not stop until blake is put back in his place .
it was n't my place to cry - but hearing his mom just made me feel so lucky .
colt had calmed down , and he 'd once again taken his place at my side .
then all the pieces fell into place .
it was as though we 'd switched places .
she took noah 's place , giving me a hug .
i ' m the one who got messed up with tim in the first place . ''
the rest will fall into place naturally . ''
bill stepped in front of me , taking jerry 's place .
i hoped charlsie would take dawn 's place full - time .
embarrassingly enough , detective bellefleur took to hanging around the bar on his off - hours , never drinking more alcohol than one beer , but observing everything that took place around him .
it slipped back into place slowly and painfully , like wiggling back into a girdle that was too tight in the first place .
` ` he would probably have done the same thing in my place . ''
he took tara 's place by my side , and i could tell after he was on his knees that he caught the smell of my blood .
` ` you offering to take his place , chuck ? ''
his mouth was talented , and his fingers took the place of his penis , and then all of a sudden he looked up the length of my body to make sure i was watching - i was - and he turned his face to my inner thigh , nuzzling it , his fingers moving steadily now , faster and faster , and then he bit .
a haze wrapped around the writhing figure , and when it dispersed , colonel flood was curled up in place of the wolf .
some of the weres are already in place .
` ` but my dad always pretended he did n't know , and though she kept training me to take her place , i wanted to be a normal man more than anything in the world . ''
i blinked then , and it must have been a long blink , because when i pried my eyes open again , jason was gone and andy was in his place , a little notebook and a pen in his hands .
but another emotion filled its place .
the walls were a peach color now , instead of the off - white i remembered , and the carpet was a sort of speckled gray in place of brown linoleum ; but the structure of the school was unchanged .
there was a circle of white coats surrounding them , and when one fell , another would take its place .
quinn had left the next morning by the time i 'd gotten up , leaving me a note telling me he was going to call me after he 'd hired someone to take jake purifoy 's place and after his next job , which was in huntsville , alabama - a rite of ascension , he said , though i had no idea what that was .
` ` gervaise 's woman drove ahead by night with rasul to make sure all the queen 's preparations were in place , '' mr . cataliades 's voice said from my right shoulder .
though somewhat burned , he 's hanging around the queen in andre 's absence as if he would take andre 's place . ''
since i was n't taking the place of the maid of honor , my work was over .
` ` and i ' m ready to take her place .
she called me to take her place here . ''
so she 'd been awake when bill had taken pam 's place .
` ` okay , here 's what we think , '' amelia said , and just like that , phase one was in place .
` ` since calvin takes crystal 's place , sookie , do you choose to take jason 's place ? ''
` ` since calvin takes crystal 's place , sookie , do you choose to take jason 's place ? ''
then sam came out to take his place , looked at the counter in mute displeasure , and jerked his head to indicate i should get the hell out from behind the bar .
i decided , and everything inside me fell into place .
red hot , she plucked her cigarette from her lips , put mine in its place , and lit it off the end of the glowing one .
we switched places in an instant .
roxy decides to move off the register and make drinks , so i take her place .
hell , i ' m surprised she came in the first place with how hesitant she was earlier .
` ` you boys are ridiculous , '' my mom says when she takes max 's place and starts cleaning bennett .
i ' m angry at myself for letting things get as far as they did - for losing my patience and my temper - and for even falling for dee in the first place .
in its place is a mouthwatering matching bra - and - panty set .
steven , who has turned patience into an art form , takes my place .
your bride 's limousine has just arrived , so you can take your place at the altar . ''
i do n't want him to think i ' m trying to take his mom 's place .
he resumes his place , crouching down inside the door , his fingers running down the side of my face .
i just need to get a plan in place .
every time i knock one brick out of place , you put ten more in its place , '' he seethes .
the good in me fights to the surface , not wanting any human being to suffer like he is , but then i remind myself of the shit he 's done and how much pain he 's caused and the urge to end his pain is beat back as anger is put in its place .
seeing that bit of nothing in place , even held over a bulky winter robe , was enough to make his blood simmer .
which was where he should have been in the first place .
if the gray was going out to report to riada 's queen , there would be sufficient warriors to take her place guarding the tavern .
you take care of her , the rest usually falls into place . ''
but two others from the first circle should take their place . ''
cassidy took her place and got her own drum in position .
` ` so i can take theran 's place and keep the court intact . ''
` ` there is a rumor in the north that the rose queen will leave when the spring flowers bloom and the other queen will take her place and rule dena nehele . ''
` ` no , it is n't fair considering the misery you ' ve caused other people , but providing you with food and lodging and servants whose wages do n't come out of your pocket is my concession , since i should have kept a closer watch on you in the first place ! ''
and he would n't want that court made public until close to the time when the contract he signed with you was finished because that would give you less time to respond and find someone to take his place . ''
as for the queen 's weekly reports , those , too , are to offer reassurance and are in place of having armed escorts living with her in dena nehele . ''
the whiplash command and the power behind it was barely enough , but he leashed the desire - and felt disgust rising in its place .
` ` the spell is already in place . ''
these past few days , he had the feeling that gray had made a blind leap and had broken the life he 'd cobbled together , but was n't sure of what kind of life he would have in its place .
before the illusion spells were in place .
using craft , he put chain mail over the light leather vest he was wearing in place of a shirt .
it was easy enough to use craft to remove snow from pathways and streets , but craft could n't take the place of exercise to warm and strengthen the body .
she never spoke about shattering her ebony jewels , never spoke of the new jewel , twilight 's dawn , that had taken the place of what she had lost .
` ` i guess falonar did n't mention that when he agreed to teach you how to use a crossbow , '' lucivar said , giving her a thoughtful look , as if a few pieces of a puzzle had just fallen into place .
her place was n't at his side ; his place was ather side .
her place was n't at his side ; his place was ather side .
so moonshadow tossed her head , the sun gleaming on her spiral horn , and all the unicorns pricked their ears as the priestess took her place in fron.t of the two humans .
lucivar , taking his place , rolling witch in the rose web as they smashed through it .
` ` before the new queen was fully trained to take her place . ''
the fiddle and flutes would take the place of the women 's voices .
jared continued to unleash short bursts of power to break through personal shields and inner barriers , but for every marauder who fell , two more took his place .
when the anger cooled , another kind of fire took its place .
and left in its place a chilling approval of what he saw .
at least this way she can be ' mothered ' without feeling like she 's letting someone take her mother 's place . ''
` ` i want a wedding ring in its place . ''
perhaps his damnable honor had been sufficiently tarnished by playing with the girl - pet he 'd acquired in kaeleer to take jaenelle 's place .
when cassandra did n't answer his question , saetan took his place in the great hall .
all the threads are not yet in place . ''
the threads are not yet in place . ''
all the threads were not yet in place .
sexy and in control grace left and twelve - year - old dork grace took her place .
as a young woman in scrubs took her place , marge led me through the waiting room and down a corridor filled with exam rooms .
you the franklin girl who 's taking over maude perkins ' place ? ''
and in place of my combat boots , i 'd worn sandals tonight .
what was not falling into place was the cowboy .
and in its place ?
witty banter had its place , but sometimes , all you need is the truth .
he sighed , a rueful smile slipping into place .
if elle was to become incapacitated or was to pass away before taking her place as ceo , brimstone would automatically be given the option to purchase her entire stake in the company .
fortunately , my boss called in a favor late this afternoon and i ' m attending the dinner in his place . ''
like i ' m some errant teenager who needs to be put back in her place ?
the door was as heavy as it was high , and i wondered how she 'd gotten it open in the first place .
veronica , on the other hand , seemed determined to take her place .
perhaps that 's why the fire alarm went off in the first place .
` ` and we ca n't try to fix the magical blackout if we do n't know how she made it happen in the first place . ''
i think that 's ultimately why gabe had picked the place - because memories still lingered in the house , and they took the places of the pack members we 'd left behind in memphis .
` ` at least there were n't spiders in their place , '' ben lightly said .
` ` do n't forget your place , initiate . ''
but i 'd had my chance to take her place , and i 'd refused .
lindsey pulled three cartons of milk onto her tray , taking so long to answer me that i wondered if she 'd heard the question in the first place .
and in her place , the rest of us - the exonerated majority who had n't helped her commit those heinous crimes - became that much more interesting .
anyhoo , not your problem , that 's some kind of historical crap , and it 's part of the reason he got kicked out , so they want to send me to detroit so i can train with some official sorcerer - type to avoid the temptation of publicly using the magic i do n't know how to use in the first place .
more 's the pity she could n't have taken my place .
there was a moment of silence as the pieces clicked into place .
you should take mallory 's place at mcgettrick , great as that spin is . ''
for a moment , in its place , a vacuum .
they switched places , which still left me standing between them .
` ` sometimes , '' ethan whispered as we moved , ` ` the work of protecting others is in convincing them they need protection in the first place . ''
` ` you will remember your place , '' ethan said , calling on the fact that he 'd been master longer than morgan had been alive .
but just as there 'd been no choice those months ago when ethan had named me to the position in the first place , there was no choice now but to accept the change and deal with it with as much grace as possible .
` ` recal your place , vampire , '' morgan bit out .
` ` you 'd think they could spare one or two more soldiers to stop a problem they created in the first place , '' ethan mused .
when this was al said and done - and god granted that it would be - i was going to kick her ass for interrupting my time with him , even if i did owe her for bringing him back in the first place .
` ` you were dead and gone and a new master was heralded in your place .
so i sat back with lindsey and the others , and i sang horribly to lyrics that were wincingly bad , and i remembered why we went to al the trouble of fighting in the first place .
ethan was taking his place again as master of cadogan house .
the holiday decorations were gone ; in their place were dozens and dozens of black suitcases .
there must have been aspen in the mix of wood ; michael screamed , and then he was gone , only a cone of ash in his place .
the cold inevitably seeped through , which left you only slightly less chilled than if you 'd been outside in the first place .
since time was of the essence , we switched places .
and the only way to keep that inevitability from coming back to haunt us was to control it in the first place .
he made the trip look stupidly easy , but i decided that would have been impossible without my having fallen through the floor in the first place .
that would be dishonorable for me , the house , and jonah , who 'd put his ass on the line to get the favor from lakshmi in the first place .
i decided the urge would not necessarily be welcome from someone with fangs , and kept my place .
she was approximately regan 's height and build but had short , dark curls in place of regan 's shock of platinum hair .
i 'd have preferred they switch places , but i could n't exactly call him out in the middle of an op .
why would ... '' the pieces fell into place even as i said the words .
words had their place , but alphas preferred to get to the goddamned fight .
the winner will take my place .
i nodded , switched places with ethan , and left the office .
` ` i ' m sure someone else has been making them in my place . ''
trying to tell myself that if i just tried a little harder , my life would fall into place .
i should be asking why he sent a lookalike to be arrested in his place .
` ` that 's why they came for me , '' i said to myself , the missing piece from my attempted kidnapping finally falling into place .
the one he mentioned you could take the place of ? ''
he was the kind of guy who would love me so well that when he left , no one would ever be able to take his place and so i would walk around the rest of my life with a huge chunk of myself missing because it would always belong to him .
in a way , that crash killed the old me , and in her place was a woman who was ready to take on life and make it what she wanted it to be .
i left the coconuts on the floor and i went home without whatever i went to the store for in the first place .
2 the problem with passing out is that upon awakening , you had to face the pain of whatever caused you to pass out in the first place all over again .
they all wanted a piece of the guy who dared take over beelzebub 's place .
` ` why take his place ? ''
i can not have a ruler here who does n't know his place ! ''
` ` and in their place we will chain beelzebub to the floor of hell .
in its place was a man .
thinking i 'd done something wrong , i moved to pull away my hand , but he covered it with his own , pressing it firmly in place .
instead , i stood there listening to the sound of him sliding the window closed , trying to come up with a reason i 'd been sitting on his rooftop in the first place .
i had n't noticed the candle had been lit in the first place .
he looked up and that wild look had drained away , leaving the look of a scared , vulnerable kid in its place .
the cloud of worry around her dissipated and red took its place .
they drove away and a sleek black car pulled in taking their place .
` ` i want you to take her place at the cheer competition next weekend . ''
` ` there is a plan in place for her safety , '' airis responded .
in its place sat a man .
and in place of his eye was a curved sort of line , a scar , but it was covered with hair .
the crowd roared as the champ took his place in the ring .
in the place of skin and bone was nothing but a fine red mist - a red cloud that was shaped like a man - like me .
his stones were his calling card , the only thing he left in place of a life he took .
in his place was someone who was vulnerable , whose feelings were laid bare in his eyes and looked like he 'd been alone far , far too long .
he came hard , seeing himself chained up , thrusting into her mouth - her pu**y - her mouth , the future vision and the present sensations trading places at light - speed so that he felt as though he released down her throat while at the same time he spent himself inside her .
his plans were finally falling into place .
reyes drew back to allow the new arrival to take his place .
` ` and you 'd planned that one day , you would take his place ? ''
reyes stared at her and then the pieces of the puzzle fell suddenly into place .
today , she would begin her own campaign against darian greaves by returning to second earth and taking her place as the blue variety of obsidian flame .
she had returned to take up her place as the third key to obsidian flame .
` ` this toast is for grace , for coming back to us , for taking her place as obsidian flame , for coming up with the most awesome strategy ever , and mostly for having the courage to enter my own twisted soul and pluck my mass - folding ability right out of what she says is a blue flame lock , whatever the f**k that is .
this time , however , the pain was gone and in its place was a kind of euphoria she 'd never known before , a rising stream of pleasure that rushed up through her mind and kept rushing until she saw stars and more stars , until she was looking at the universe above her , the entire galaxy spinning around and around .
in his place an enormous white tiger appeared .
but the problem was , who could have taken her place ?
thorne gave up his place to the healer .
pieces of stannett 's character fell into place .
she pulled the thread back until it popped into place .
a moment later marcus spoke with three senior members of his team then levitated and took over endelle 's place among the high administrators .
one more word and i ' m not taking the ankle guard off because it 's getting pretty clear to me why sister quena put it on in the first place and why stanny added his own level of security to the damn thing . ''
three months ago , at the ambassadors reception , a bomb had been used in place of fireworks and set the skies afire .
` ` thorne 's sending santiago to take your place . ''
they traded places as he sat down .
less than an hour ago , one of his arms had held his woman tight , now he had no woman , just this pit in his chest that had taken the place of his lungs .
colonel seriffe was making arrangements to have large contingents of militia warriors ready to take their place until they returned .
` ` you said this takes place tomorrow ?
in its place was a very specific need that was more than just sexual .
he 'd get to the bottom of the recent attack on her life , see her through this current crisis , then once more take up his place with the warriors of the blood .
he 'd come close to taking crace 's life , but for decades now he 'd had a serious policy in place of always letting others do his dirty work .
the war against the commander had heated up , her warriors were worked to the max , and she needed him to take kerrick 's place because the bastard had a major ascendiate to guard , or would as soon as the female answered her call to ascension .
she had only understood her place a few minutes ago in her co 's office , which also meant she was beginning to understand that her arrival on second earth had ramped up the war .
he drew back from her about two full inches , unwilling to release her , when finn pathed , i followed you just to make sure ry did n't have a secondary plan in place .
he slid his arm quickly around her and without hesitation , she resumed her place .
she drew back just enough to hold his forearms , returning to her original purpose in testing out the crystal apex in the first place .
but she 'd survived , as much because of ethan as anything else , and she 'd passed from have a fairly withdrawn view of what her life should be to now sharing a bed with a mastyr vampire , serving as his blood rose , and eventually taking her place in bergisson as vojalie 's granddaughter .
as the visions stopped , she realized her pain was gone and in its place was a thumping heartbeat , stronger than she 'd ever known .
that was really damn disgusting , and he suddenly felt guilty for letting button do it in the first place .
he should already be in place . ''
this was not the original plan , coaxing alexis into brittany 's place , but already he liked this one much better .
he had n't been thrilled when she 'd rushed into the bathroom to strip them off in the first place , but he was trying to focus on the end result , not the why .
her anger seemed to have deflated and in its place , she felt exhausted .
he did n't want to disturb mandy or be presumptuous in her place , but the knock came again , so he went to the door .
the look on her face caused him to straighten up and slap a sober expression in place of the grin .
` ` you mean by getting someone to take my place .
tears popped into marley 's eyes , seeing her sister so content , and she raised her hand , thinking she could touch her , when she disappeared , and in her place , marley saw damien in front of rosa de montana .
the lush street before her with its pretty cottages receded , and in its place was a dirt path , dust rising up in front of her .
in its place , brick by brick , in a matter of seconds , the french quarter rose up in front of her .
it was n't my greatest skill in life , but i figured enthusiasm worked in place of technique .
when he had problems , he usually dug in and stuck it out , thinking it through , taking things nice and slow until they either worked themselves out , he worked them out , or he discovered they had n't needed working out in the first place .
white foam takes its place , spraying out slightly .
he has n't taken carl 's place - he 's taken the whole damn lot of me .
shy maddie has gone , and in her place is a maddie i did n't know existed .
` ` i ca n't believe my daughter missed me enough that she 'd turn up in the place of her nightmares at 2 a.m. '' i smile sadly , still focusing out the window .
she squeezes me tightly , babbling about how good it is to have me back and she 's so glad i ' m okay and she 's so sorry she started this all in the first place .
she could take everything i ' ve tried for so long to stick back together and shatter it into more pieces than it was in in the first place .
and it 'll be the girl with balls big enough to stand up to you and put your spindly little dick in its place . ''
and in its place is the warm embrace of my mom , rocking me gently and whispering in my ear with a shaky , tear - filled voice that everything will be okay .
she contacted me last night and asked if my girls would like to take the place of the animals .
he sat silently , his chest twitching erratically in place of a rhythmic rise and fall .
why the hell she ca n't just give it to the seamstress in the first place , i do n't know .
my body is controlling in place of my mind .
dayton can do it in your place . ''
she tucked the loose strand of hair back under the scarf , her composure sliding just as neatly into place again .
and a piece of the puzzle slid into place .
she glanced back at the rear entrance to see who 'd taken brown 's place ... no one .
he 'd intended to pin the leak on the two - star general at the lectern now , discrediting him so sullivan could take his place .
he 'd been through a horrific ordeal himself and yet he still had the energy to haul her out , waving aside a uniformed medic trying to take his place .
her quest for justice fell into place .
i want to talk to her , to make sure she has solid plans in place .
he cashed the paychecks , accepted the benefits , and then left my mother out there to take his place .
` ` wan na swap places ?
` ` as much as i love you and brice , you ca n't take the place of having someone , a man , to share my life with .
david stepped forward again , ready to offer himself in her place , not that he expected to be lucky enough for the bastard to take him up on the offer .
there were other people who could talk about the local gangs in her place , people who specialized in following them around with notepads trying to figure out what move they would make next .
` ` i do n't think i ' m ever going to get over the horror of how that dear old guard died in my place . ''
` ` i have three in place .
little did she know , marta had made sure that particular job opened with the best pay in order to lure anya exactly where she needed to be : in place for marta to investigate the security around a uso community .
the intensity in his eyes slid away , an equally enticing gleam taking its place .
the defensive glint evaporated , a belligerent glare taking its place .
` ` i ' m supposed to be taking the place of your nurse .
the pieces fell into place for her .
` ` why did you call in the first place ? ''
why could n't the officials in place see the value of his brand of leadership steeped in generations of tradition ?
the pieces slid into place .
his face blanked , the expressionless commander in place again , taking control and shutting out the world - including her .
` ` the very reason you pulled the stunt in the first place . ''
will they be in place again once we return to the real world ?
plans are in place .
but this maniacal ass**le failed to realize that drew was more than ready to shield her body with his own and die in her place .
a poised elegant woman stood in place of his freckled coltish friend .
at least she did n't argue or pretend they could ignore the fact that she stood in his plane in place of the boys ' nanny from florida .
` ` how the hell did you end up in that box in place of the nanny ?
quade had transferred in from the pentagon to take his place .
he was slated to take the place of a retiring trainer working with the marine mammal program and seals at coronado .
damn right he should have died in her place , and he would have to live with that for the rest of his life .
the simple wooden bed in its place had only held zach .
his gut - twisting fear for her eased , leaving in its place a raw hunger for kathleen , one that he 'd shoved aside for far too long .
lori appeared in his place , holding gray 's little sister .
his grin slid into place , a grin that stretched his too - pale face .
his plans were falling into place .
` ` what made him start using in the first place ? ''
but things always fall into place .
guilt rushed through ty for leaving lilly alone in the first place .
in place of the old tuxedo shirt he now wore a white collarless one , buttoned to the top .
' thanks for keeping the press off my back so i can take your father 's place in november ' ? ''
she already knew the long , terry robe she 'd packed herself was gone , in its place a short , silk wrap courtesy of gillian - an inappropriate garment to answer the door in .
he left the packages on the kitchen counter and went to trade places with mrs . baxter .
ryan had shown up in his place .
she tried to focus on the documents spread out on her desk , but the words blurred , memories of times she 'd been a part of the family unit downstairs taking their place .
` ` we figured you had your hands full taking dad 's place and getting up to speed , '' erin said .
she must have understood because she bought magazines and a patricia cornwell novel , and delved into those in place of conversation .
and cole forced himself to take the other man 's place by erin 's bedside .
erin will find someone worthy of her to step up in your place . ''
but with her in front of him , he had to focus on the present - taking a groggy , hurting erin back to her place .
` ` we both know you 're the perfect choice to take my place .
each time she 'd put jed in his place , she thought , and it had been more than just once or twice .
instead of pinching cheeks for color , you swipe on blush , and in place of tissues , i hear the water bra is all the rage now . ''
rina had never seen emma put in her place before and bit the inside of her cheek to contain her laughter .
from old and loyal advertisers who 'd slowly begun to pull out or take less space , he 'd discovered that they liked the new offerings but not in place of hard news .
the woman nodded and grace ran over in her place , rescuing the upside - down child from all sorts of possible disasters .
so did the miniskirt she wore in place of the black pants favored by the rest of the waitresses .
he 'd put the old man in his place .
she prayed he 'd trust her judgment and understand the reasons she 'd offered to pay off her brother 's loans without even knowing how much he owed , to whom , or for what reason he 'd borrowed in the first place .
faith nodded , squeezing his shoulder before switching places with him .
and leah had immediately gone in search of another man to take his place .
kelly woke up the next morning and nash was gone , a note on her pillow in his place .
if she canceled at the last second , she knew she 'd lose the job permanently , so she begged me to take her place .
and the woman who 'd haunted his dreams for the past ten years took his middle - aged secretary 's place in the doorway .
sexiness had taken the place of what she 'd thought of as hunky hotness .
in his place stood a beaten man who appeared content to live his life simply .
she 'd gotten her ged in place of traditional high school diploma , and talked the head concierge of the crown chandler hotels in vegas into taking her on as her assistant and teach her the ropes at the age of eighteen .
in their place was a wary man who 'd been betrayed .
and if that guilt was n't enough , paul had reassured her that he 'd been visiting her father daily in her place .
the dog squirmed restlessly until annabelle cradled him beneath her br**sts in a move that left vaughn breathless , speechless and with a complete hard - on while wishing he could trade places with the pooch .
his hair had been messed either from sleep or from running a hand through it in place of a comb or brush .
in her place was the siren who called to him day and night , in his dreams and when they were wide - awake .
i did n't want to hurt will , which was one of the reasons i wished i could have just had the courage to end it in the first place .
in place of exotic moroccan attire , she sported a classic - meaning she 'd owned it for more than a decade - dove - gray ralph lauren suit and crisp white silk blouse , her only accessory discreet pearl earrings .
and in place of the picnic and card tables , a seemingly endless buffet - wearing a skirt , no less - circumnavigated the patio , filled with the kind of food that only came from a really nice restaurant .
the bad news was that the reason for that was because she needed to make room for the feeling of unmitigated terror that took its place .
` ` i guess , what it all came down to , '' he began again , ` ` was that we never should have gotten married in the first place . ''
and not a day went by that he did n't rejoice in the knowledge that he 'd toppled the building that had once brought him nothing but misery , and had built in its place an edifice of mammoth proportions that was a monument to his colossal success .
so michael was the real spy here , and this just proved it , and she should have listened to him in the first place .
in its place was an edgy tension and a clear intelligence and something else hannah was afraid to get too close to .
in place of one was an incongruously modern - looking shower stall in the corner , covered on two sides with frosted glass .
any good hacker could remove it again without evidence of its ever having been there in the first place , leaving the owner of the account entirely in the dark .
marnie smiled , and something inside her that had been tilting a little off balance suddenly fell comfortably into place .
in place of deciphering secret codes , they were programming their new tivo .
then they closed the door behind them and gazed at him as if they resented having had to come over in the first place .
now that he 'd found avery , that missing piece had fallen into place and had made his life - had made him - whole .
which left trevillion free to slip into place in the empty chair beside kilbourne at the back .
leaving in their place only feeling , pure and searing .
his contentment was leaching away , an urgent need to make her agree taking its place .
oh , the soldiers had rounded up plenty of gin sellers , but there were always more to take their place .
perhaps it was all the male stubbornness she 'd dealt with tonight : griffin and godric and even lord d'arque in a way - the man had been more interested in flirting with her than wondering why she 'd sought him out in the first place .
i know you do not wish to hear this , but i am not entirely certain that mr . fraser - burnsby was killed by the ghost in the first place . ''
if he fell who would take his place to guard them ?
mick swung up in his place as the horse reared .
he was tempted to ask why she 'd bothered to come in the first place , then , but prudence - not usually a virtue of his - stilled his lips .
she 'd lost her place .
mandeville gave her one of his rare , unpracticed smiles , his face becoming boyishly handsome , and she was reminded why she 'd consented to become this man 's wife in the first place .
just a few days more and everything would be in place to bring down the vicar and avenge nick .
i have duties within the home and will have to find someone to take my place . ''
he 'd answered her questions but in a way that made new ones crop up in their place .
longsword began to hack at the hedge , but as soon as he cut a branch , another one grew in its place .
and as the beast died , its form changed until a horrid hag lay in its place , for it was the evil witch herself who had assumed the shape of a dragon .
it seemed rather silly to continue to pretend sleep , but if she acknowledged him now , it would be an admittance that she 'd pretended in the first place .
i told you before that the indians in that part of the new world adopt their prisoners into their family to take the place of family members who have died . ''
the prisoner takes the place of a working member of the family - say a hunter - so those skills can be fulfilled . ''
` ` that 'll hold you until your bastard husband comes to take your place . ''
` ` and i have come to take my husband 's place in the kingdom of the goblins ... ... '' -from longsword it was dark , so dark , and she 'd lost track of the time .
in its place lay a nude woman , her long black hair spread around her like a cloak .
many men would do so in your place . ''
his follower had managed to keep up with the carriage all the way from the docks , but once they 'd made the hotel , another man had taken his place .
other things had been added to the little cache in place of the violet : a tiny sprig and a few hairs curled together .
the tailor threw down his shears , whipped the fabric off the table , and smoothed a new piece of cloth in its place .
somehow macdonald the prisoner had taken thornton 's place .
taken his place and now lived his life .
macdonald somehow took thornton 's place . ''
` ` macdonald took thornton 's place during or shortly after spinner 's falls . ''
juliet had encountered these people , she 'd studied them , followed them , and ultimately rid the earth of them , but no matter how many evil f**ks she eliminated , five more cropped up to take their place .
` ` my place is with the team . ''
the bmw juliet had stolen in place of the porsche reeked of its owner 's spicy cologne , an overpowering fragrance that was starting to give him a headache .
` ` the team 's in place . ''
chapter 16 when tomas meiro showed up at isabel 's hotel suite the next afternoon , valerie parker - smith did n't waste any time putting the man in his place .
` ` call d to take your place .
` ` how did you get someone in place so fast , anyway ? ''
sully could always take his place as the eyes inside the club .
he knew you guys would eventually be contracted so he figured he may as well have someone in place ahead of time . ''
` ` we ' ve got an extraction plan in place , '' trevor announced .
but what the fuck were you thinking writing it all down in the first place ?
please take your places for act one .
jenna released my arm and took bret 's place .
maybe one day you 'll be able to find someone that may not take his place , but that you might love again . ''
i could live another fifty years ( the way things were going it was unlikely ) , but in those fifty years there would never be someone to take cade 's place .
do you think just anyone could have taken your place , even for a moment ? ''
but cade had volunteered to go on patrol tonight in place of a man who had become ill .
he hurried to join aiden and cade swiftly took bret 's place at my side .
the mission has to take place .
she had a team in place this time - whitney 's own men , his private army of ghostwalkers on his payroll , men not quite as perfect as the elite soldiers on the teams , but enhanced nonetheless .
the thing is , if we had a way to track any child he kidnaps , it would be safer , but if whitney manages to put another spy in place and finds out , he conceivably could use a microchip against us . ''
the camera loves her and there 's talk of her running in the senator 's place .
ryland had come to take that place , and somehow , the general had slipped down a few notches , which was why sam was so belligerent and defensive when the subject was brought up .
` ` you know i ca n't live with myself if someone takes my place and dies . ''
he was n't about to allow tucker addison to take his place and put his life in jeopardy .
he did n't want her to feel forced or afraid , and he 'd done everything in his power to prepare her body to accept his , but the bottom line had been , if rose had n't allowed him to have sex with her , then whitney would have sent another man in his place .
gideon winked at her as he slipped by , taking javier 's place at the stairs .
like hell kane was going to switch places .
but sooner or later , one of the guards is going to go home and someone else will take their place .
everyone 's in place , boss , kane said .
jaimie immediately took his place , gripping her weapon and following mack into the lower region , deeper into the bowels of the earth .
he 'd driven out the demons , slammed the door closed on the voices , and left , in the place of cold and evil , something altogether different .
` ` but someone set the camera up in the first place . ''
in place of ice , there was suddenly a cauldron of fire roaring in his belly .
in his place was something else , something not quite human .
when jack could n't go , he sent ken in his place .
he still had nightmares about how he 'd gotten into the wheelchair in the first place .
` ` i ' m finding one of the very hot special forces marines to take your place .
and no jarhead could ever take the place of a seal , baby . ''
he lay over her , his hands on her abdomen , his arms locking her h*ps in place while he bent to taste her .
he 'd run into a snag there , so i took his place . ''
she took jack 's place , sitting on top of mari , driving the needle through the chest wall straight into the heart to administer the stimulant .
` ` so you 're taking his place ?
the man with a ready laugh was gone , and a stranger had taken his place .
` ` so you took his place ?
` ` i think he put out the hit on him in the first place .
they all in place ?
why do n't you let me switch places with you ?
ken had been sent in his place .
` ` every last one , which , i might point out , he insisted we put there in the first place , the jackass .
the thought that someone other than an enhanced soldier had taken his place was too much for him .
we moved up to a better vantage point and began picking them off , but as soon as we got rid of one , another would take his place .
if i were a member of the other side , i 'd probably put someone like you in place .
one moment traian stood in the glare of their lights , the next a huge , shaggy black wolf with a mouthful of lethal teeth sat in his place , eyes focused menacingly on jubal .
sheer exhilaration was taking the place of fear .
and then his tongue took the place of his hands , stabbing deep , tasting and teasing and stroking her until she was crying with joy and her body no longer belonged to her .
the rituals are put in place to impress his followers .
his daughter might be able to take his place , but if not , there is no vessel for power .
he did n't want xavier to know that i was the one capable of spells , so he took my place and saved me .
you can not take my place .
clearly , zacarias was reminding him that there were others to take his family 's place .
as fast as one fell , another took its place .
the council members and mikhail took their places .
they can take his place .
could they still have been switching places ? ''
once xaviero 's safeguards are in place , no one else can give me energy but you , she said to zev .
he built an army with the idea that he would get rid of the council and the sacred circle would rule in its place .
all three felt much safer with dimitri , fen and zev close to fight off the lightning - fast sange rau , but the packs taking their places had all trained in the event they ever came across such a creature in their lifetimes .
i hope you listen to whoever is chosen to take my place . ''
it did n't take long for a couple of other men to take their place .
the smile he always wore was n't there , in its place was something much more intense .
he was an ass for wanting to know what it felt like to press his body up against his brother 's wife , but he was n't so far gone as to sleep with tracey and picture karen in her place .
in his place , aunt belle made herself comfortable .
gwen stood , ready to put neil in his place .
the paneling on the wall looked like the others in the room , but when she placed her finger on a digital reader , the wall moved and a steel door stood in its place .
hire someone to take his place at blake 's side , pack his one bag , and disappear .
as the adrenaline started to wane , fear took its place .
downstairs the music started to play , and gwen shuffled in front of them to take her place .
no antiseptic , antibiotic , or even amputation would change what would take place .
after playfully knocking her hand away from her sex , he took its place .
` ` for everything bad that happens out there , something good is there to take its place . ''
dr . eddy had gone back to the main hospital with a critical patient , and in his place , tina came to help .
only part of her plan kicked into place .
terror took the place of reason and trent shoved her leg to the space he 'd dug out as the rocks started to move again .
hunger took the place of hope , and he sat next to monica , and placed her head in his lap .
back in bed , the nurse who 'd put him in his place returned to hook him up to a monitor that sat above his gurney .
up until that moment monica had been willing to step back a little and let the wheels of the hospital investigation take place .
` ` then why have us in the first place ? ''
` ` there was a fire , your car is a total loss , but we are offering you a brand - new car in its place .
` ` what i should have done in the first place . ''
` ` there are always more to take their place .
now the pieces fall into place .
jake pushed away from the window , and amber took his place .
when he fell back , another man took his place .
soon the overall sensations muted and heat took its place .
as simon clasped his hands , his digits disappeared with crisp gray feathers in their place .
fin knew the moment the ranting fled her body and relief took its place .
at some point myra and emma switched places .
all of tara 's coaching worked thus far , leaving her to believe all else would fall into place .
the warm adrenalin rush now spent left a chill in its place .
simon switched places with his mom and asked questions under his breath .
winter lost its grip and the rain took the place of the snow .
when i left your time , i knew i 'd never find another to take your place .
fin directed grainna 's man to the drunk who needed to be put in his place .
` ` accept we are both druid , and the rest will fall into place . ''
and if brother malloy leaves , it could take months before another will come in his place . ''
she missed her sister , and had no problem letting tara take her place .
my phone buzzes and i realize that it is what woke me in the first place .
and guilty , because it should ' ve been me in the first place .
` ` it 's his place to decide when it 's time .
i suddenly ca n't breathe enough to even try to ask him why he wants to be in astoria in the first place .
i shift my gaze out the window , into the rain , and i ' m startled to find finn gone , but dare is in his place .
stephen sidled up to take the agent 's place .
i ' m sorry for f**king it all up in the first place . ''
and this letter is here in her place .
hades will be waiting and you can take your rightful place at his side .
he 'd refilled dimitri 's goblet a third time - and had swapped for a third gem , the topaz , which had taken the place of a pearl - when everything went to hell .
and rubey , whom he had considered a friend , had all but exiled him from her place .
the essence was long gone from his tongue , and his fangs had slid back into place .
you can deliver the news ... and take my place , walking her down the aisle .
woodmore would n't trade places with any of the dracule , even to live and be forever young and virile ... for when they died , they belonged to lucifer .
she turned , fighting to pull her fangs back into place .
in their place were pure white lines marking the battle won .
in his place , a large , menacing hawk took to the skies .
and in mere moments , a tiger stood in the man 's place .
but she suspected he had plans to leave another body , hers , in its place .
there was always a plan in place .
instantly , a big , no - neck , bulging muscled mass of a demon took cole 's place at the door .
in its place stood a trembling , black panther .
his eyes glowed , growing brighter , brighter , and the man that he 'd been vanished as the beast took his place .
you put a camera in her place so you could watch her .
` ` you have a holding spell in place . ''
` ` you have to take his place . ''
she did n't want trace dying in her place .
` ` why did n't you put the beer in the mug in the first place ? ''
confusion takes its place .
the pieces start to fall into place for her .
anything that looks out of alignment will fall into place as the fluids dissipate into your system and the tissue goes back to its normal state . ''
there are tons of cars there , and we can leave this one there in its place . ''
in their place went mint gum , sunglasses , eyeliner and waterproof mascara .
the sky turns upside down and switches places with the ground .
the stars are back in place of my vision when the oxygen is n't enough .
it makes me angry at him that he thinks he can be that person , that intermediary in our friendship that was in place long before he came sauntering into her life , and it makes me doubly angry at andie .
yup .. they joined those misgivings , leaving in their place a very horny , very excited me .
a slow smile moves into place .
a raging battle takes place between my brain and my heart .
i thought i could be a badass mofo and put this tubby , swollen - ankled twat monster in her place .
i can not believe i left a pair of underwear in his place and that he had them in his pocket .
the floor and ceiling trade places as i fall onto him and the couch .
the puzzle pieces slipped into place for her .
they 'd been dumb enough to leave only one guard with her in the back , and that guy had been the one to handcuff her in the first place .
` ` your place , '' he managed .
` ` why did n't you mention that susan dobbs had been in your place before ? ''
` ` after that , i decided it 'd be a hell of a lot safer for me to make absolutely certain that my shields were in place .
in his place stood a huge , black panther .
in his place stood a large , muscled , fangs wide - open wolf .
a wall of flames stood in its place .
had jack still been near the scene when rachel and dylan returned to her place ?
` ` get here or some fool will die in your place . ''
another piece of the puzzle snapped into place .
her place was in the office .
if she thought that someone else was being risked in her place ... cassidy would be back here in an instant .
` ` there are other plans in place for her .
and after she 'd finished college , her father had made sure that her guard duty was in place .
* * * the james fire building was abandoned , due to be demolished in just a few weeks so that a new apartment complex could be built in its place .
just , apparently , someone to die in his place .
all the players were n't even in place yet .
` ` my place , '' lucas said .
the man disappeared and a tiger - holy hell , one big white tiger - appeared in his place .
the tiger disappeared , leaving the broken man in his place .
a nightstand that was missing a leg and in its place had a pile of three stacked phone books .
` ` b - but you can ... take my place . ''
` ` you said she 'd take my place , '' fiona mumbled , rubbing her arms .
` ` she ca n't take my place then . ''
the longer you stay quiet ... ` ` i said she 'd take your place . ''
` ` now you take her place . ''
that i 'd take her place . ''
` ` maybe she deserved better than to die in your place ! ''
there were more plans in place .
` ` she died in my place . ''
i was just trying to get things in place ... '' ` ` in place ? ''
sam took max to her place .
the last piece of the puzzle had fallen in place .
she has even agreed to be punished in the wolf leader 's place . ''
but the vampire just laughed - and his bones snapped back into place almost instantly .
hope in place of change ?
it was the testing of a naive scientist , when all along , i should have been preventing the program from erasing memories in the first place .
i ' ve accepted that , enjoying james 's stories in place of my memories .
oh , and hey , '' she adds as if just remembering the real reason she turned to me in the first place .
what worries me most is the idea that i was ever sick enough to be sent away in the first place .
just happiness and then he 's gone , a quietness in its place .
normally i would have politely asked him to leave , but judging by kira 's protective hand on his bicep , it was n't my place .
i wish i could talk to him about the forgotten , but i know he 'll be disappointed in me for going to the old woman in the first place .
and then an old memory slips in place .
because in place of the gold there is a cracked , gray circle .
and that was when it fell into place .
even the ones whose bond has n't completely snapped into place .
and yet ... the bond would n't snap into place .
not one of you could take his place and fill it .
` ` the bond is n't fully in place .
it fell into place suddenly .
like fifteen years ago when a teenage boy was banished instead of being given his place as alpha . ''
now it was time for her to live up to her end of the bargain , and he had a feeling his mate was regretting having made it in the first place .
then suddenly a mouth clamped around her clit and she looked down to see that tao and trey had swapped places .
i took victor 's place as leader of the nest after sam killed the bastard here at the hollow . ''
if antonio had announced his decision to step down , i might have wondered if this ' complaint ' was someone 's way of ensuring i did n't take his place .
i wo n't have anyone knock her unconscious , but i 'll agree to her being held in place . ''
that not only went against protocol , it placed them in danger - after all , the rest of the squad would not have reacted well to such betrayal , had they believed any betrayal had taken place .
of course each and every one of us attacked with our gifts , but each time some of the clones turned to ashes , more would take their place .
where all that had been , there was something else in its place : power .
in the place of the timid smile that he had worn for us was a harsh scowl .
` ` well , you have nothing to worry about ; no one can take your place in my heart .
i saw that i was still in the same spot in the cell , but now ben was gone and in his place stood another fae - a female wearing a silver robe .
you went into the forest with me and won the right to claim your place with the fae .
the hag walked up to resume her place next to tony , putting her hand on his arm .
` ` i thought a changeling was something else - like when a fairy stole a baby or something , putting a fairy baby in its place . ''
i do n't have a customer standing over me , telling me how to fix what he could n't fix in the first place . ''
and i am proud that my son has helped keep those laws in place and weeded out corruption over the years .
i picked the best of my four sons to take my place .
did they think their place was usurped as well ? ''
rylend referred to the woman garde had hired to take reah 's place in the groves .
` ` there 's a mute in place with those girls ? ''
he 'd put up the buildings in the first place , with help from martin walters and a few of the others .
` ` if you 're sitting in jail , awaiting execution , you trade off with your jailer , who 's executed in your place .
` ` chash is gone forever , and now there 's a hard - nosed vampire in his place . ''
i was now preparing it in his place .
i did come back to the present , however , when pheligar took merrill 's place .
` ` em - pah keeps telling me what i need to do to take his place one day . ''
nidris had thought to set himself up in zellar 's place .
jeral offered to take his place so he could come see you , baby , '' tory put an arm beneath me and helped me sit up .
` ` my place is with my granddaughter , '' denevik sighed .
my friend was gone forever , leaving a stranger in his place .
my friend was gone forever , leaving a cynical autocrat in his place .
if i passed out after he hit me , he 'd hit me again when i woke , just for fainting in the first place .
you 'll take his place so he can go home to his wife , '' bel nodded at tory .
some of the villages were emptied by the demons that we fought , but the high commander sent out others to take their place as soon as the danger was eliminated .
delvin had taken the day wizard 's place that first morning when i woke .
gavin would have done the same in aurelius ' place , but gavril was panicking over reah 's abduction , too .
i walk out of ethan 's grasp , while christian smiles icily at him , and i take my place at his side .
he 's got it on repeat ... this time it 's his nose and lips that take the place of the fur ... running down my neck and throat , kissing , sucking ... trailing down to my br**sts ... ah !
holy f**k . another piece of the jigsaw falls into place .
wives in their place !
my darling control freak likes everything in its place , and now he 's learned he 's missing part of the jigsaw .
the floors are covered in a hard fibrous material that looks like burlap ; some of the original walls have disappeared and new ones have taken their place .
no one can take your soul mate 's place .
that was n't a good thing considering no one here knew i was coming in her place .
however , her pregnancy has progressed and she sent me in her place .
layton had hired frank and mimi 's former ranch hand to take mitch 's place , and from what reed had said , this guy was ten times better than mitch .
my mother stood up as i took her place .
plus , you know , i ' m the one who probably caused her death in the first place . ''
with them building a new house , their place will be empty come december .
` ` no one will ever take the place of your daddy , but i want you to know that i ' m here for you , garrett .
he would never want to take the place of your daddy , but he is here for you .
each movement left a trail of fire in its place .
` ` okay , well , i ' m going to go take my place now . ''
after deducing that henry was either playing matchmaker or just messing with his friend by asking me out in the first place , i did n't think henry would be too affected by the news of my sexual escapade with his friend .
in their place was comfortable and gender - neutral furniture with not - so - gender - neutral cushions and throws strewn on them to emulate the coziness of my old apartment .
he took her place and used a series of magnifying glasses and other instruments to check her progress .
has n't she learned her place ? ''
i remember meg mentioning a new roommate moving in for the winter term , taking the place of some other girl who transferred out after one semester .
it 's fucking gross how they ' ve just forgotten about their daughter and let you take her place like she never existed .
we have all the records in place there . ''
in its place would exist the after , and only those powerful enough would survive .
in its place was nothing .
i gently eased claudia out of my arms and jake took my place .
i flushed , thinking about what ewan had done to me last week , except suddenly imagining this boy in his place .
in the place of the shadows stood tall men wearing some kind of dark pants , maybe leather .
thankfully , none of his cronies seemed too eager to join the fray in their fallen comrade 's place .
` ` you should take my place , tessa .
that did n't make tonight 's developments any easier to handle , but lucian had had it much worse when justin had essentially told him in sixty seconds that mae had run off to liberate stolen gemman girls and left a fugitive arcadian concubine in her place .
help me regain my place , and help me find your attacker so that we can make him suffer excruciatingly for what he did to you .
putting lucian in his place was an activity justin never tired of , but the clock was ticking , and he did actually have serious business to discuss .
` ` we lost track of her shortly after the picture was taken , but we can help you get to her - if you help us and take your rightful place . ''
a binding took place between the monarch and the land itself , one that required considerable strength on the ruler 's part .
` ` look , things are about to get started , so i have to take my place .
` ` everything 's in place .
i guess i 'd have to appoint davin in your place . ''
one was that all was in place , and i could commence with the plan .
yesterday had been sunday , and in place of communion time , we 'd gathered here in the pews , along with all our instructors , while a hierophant came and gave us a bona fide church service and prayed for our souls .
now that there was a tentative plan in place to find carly sage , i was able to calm down a little and tell the others exactly what i knew .
it was her own dark work to select those who would die in their place , and she had an ever - changing list of the wicked from whom to choose .
` ` you will serve in her place as ambassador to hell . ''
supposedly i was overheard offering up my older brother in my place .
none of the grief or disgust , the dismay or the love that had shown on his face the night before was in evidence now ; his mask was in place , and so was her own .
and then he urged uthem forward and they cut their way through the troops to resume their place at the head of the army .
karou looked to her , still hovering near in the air , and saw calculation in the naja 's eyes as she watched their general resume his place .
they were sky - filling , and would spread by the hour , deepen and then pale , finally vanishing as others took their place .
foretold by light , this beginning died , just like the last , and a new beginning took its place : jael would return to eretz and find no rebel force to fight through - neither chimaera nor bastards to oppose him but only their blood frozen to red ice on this cavern floor , because they 'd been so kind as to kill each other for him .
it was a wave of raw emotion so potent that , for an instant , it carved out every other feeling and took its place , in its brief passage colonizing every thinking creature - every feeling creature - with the absolute conviction of the end .
` ` they can be , '' she said , somewhat to her own surprise , and in place of her guilt and her quiet torment , she felt resolve .
finally , the pieces snapped into place and he understood .
another took its place , but first : a sound .
and angels who were like space explorers without ships , like science fiction but with magic in the place of science .
as for true justice , the empire had no system in place for it , and none knew how to undertake building one , not to mention a new system of governance to take the place of the wretched one they had just toppled .
i was afraid he was going to challenge me for my place . ''
in his place , her majesty , queen giulietta , will rule .
a memory clicks into place .
still , the sweet look on her face reminded him why he 'd agreed to the meal in the first place .
in the place of shirts are mounds of beads draped around their necks .
when i can feel the heat of his breath on my lips , my eyes flutter closed , and his groan is the only clue i get before i feel his body move away from mine , and the cool november air takes his place .
gone is the frenzy , and in its place is a slow , steady exploration that kindles an already burning need at the juncture of my thighs .
the fight leaves me , rushing out of me , and leaving only a deep , hollow ache in its place .
because if so , williams is gon na take your place in no time . ''
dallas said he 's been concentrating on football , helping the kid who took his place .
we think that might have been why he was selling the other drugs in the first place .
would her father send someone else in my place ?
but for simon , i made him is very own apple pie , which he smeared all over my face in place of wedding cake .
though i am assured the inhabitants of scotland esteem this dish a particular delicacy , i sent it to the kitchens and requested a plain boiled saddle of mutton in its place .
apparently this was where the costuming of the inmates took place .
unable to take the treasure with him , he had concealed it in its place and returned to ardsmuir .
he had found the treasure in its place , abstracted two gold coins and three of the smaller gemstones , and secreting these in a bag tied securely round his neck , had replaced the rest of the treasure and made his way back through the surf , arriving exhausted .
in its place were a thriving tavern , a pawnbroker 's , and a small goldsmith 's shop , crammed companionably cheek by jowl .
he took his place in the dining room , soothed by its good fire and cool white napery .
` ` these '' -i touched the overdue baby canines- '' ought to be drawn at once , to let the teeth behind take their places .
at that point , mr . christie had declared , first , his intent to confess to the murder of his daughter - of which i was accused - secondly , his love for me , and thirdly , his intent to be executed in my place .
could see at once the laughing , fine - boned face , dark eyes snapping with amusement as he lifted a flapping fish with the hook he wore in place of his missing left hand - and the vision of a small , limp hand , lying bloody on the path before him .
this accomplished to my satisfaction , i came back and , without comment , pulled the hollow quill - already showing signs of cracking from the working of stebbings 's rib muscles - out of its hole and wriggled the sturdier - and larger - hollow chicken bone into its place .
farms had been raided by foraging parties , both by hessians from howe 's army , trying to lure washington into open battle from his lurking place in the watchung mountains , and from the continental army , desperate for supplies .
i throttled it and felt irrational anger in its place , displaced from myself to the fools behind me who were shrieking and would have scattered , had they been able to .
rush was not only a wealthy and influential rebel sympathizer but a prominent rebel himself ; in fact , as he learned from his newfound friends , both rush and dr . franklin turned out to have signed the seditious document in the first place .
that trust had entered his heart , a small , soft weight that steadied him , restored at least a few of the severed roots that had held him to his place .
` ` because ye take care for my place , '' she 'd said simply , ` ` but ye do n't try to take it from me . ''
jamie had stood back , to give young jamie the place at ian 's side as eldest son ; jenny had sat all night on his other side , wiping away the blood , the evil sweat , all the foul liquids that oozed from ian , dissolving his body before their eyes .
i read everything in your study i could get my hands on - and so would you , in my place . ''
by the time he 'd finished explaining all the events that had culminated in his volunteering to take the place of a mohawk killed during roger 's rescue , the washing of his body in the river , the mohawk women scrubbing him with sand to remove the last trace of his white blood , the plucking of his hair and the tattoos , he thought his marriage to emily might seem only one more picturesque detail .
in smith 's place , the first thing he would do was prevent anyone from leaving , the second , search the camp and everything in it .
roger nodded and managed to explain what he could , about cameron , the letters ... and , after a moment 's hesitation , about the spaniard 's gold , for , after all , he 'd have to give a reason for cameron 's taking jem in the first place , and his sense of dr . mcewan was one of solid kindness .
the dead man whose place i took , when i was adopted . ''
sanitized , suitably romantic scenes : paul revere flying through the night on a galloping horse , washington crossing the delaware while exhibiting ( as frank pointed out ) a lamentable lack of seamanship ... and a double - paged spread featuring molly pitcher , that gallant woman who had carried water to the heat - stricken troops ( left - hand page ) and then taken her wounded husband 's place to serve his cannon ( right - hand page ) -at the battle of monmouth .
the cherry bounce was taking the place of the fog ; i thought drunkenness was probably an improvement , on the whole .
things someone had to do in her place .
neither of them could take the place of what i no longer had , as much as they strove to fill those empty spaces .
every blow i landed , and even the hits i took , numbed and transformed the pathetic freak i 'd been , bringing to life an unfeeling motherfucker in his place .
pieces begin to fall into place .
part of me is pinning my hopes that west greatly exceeds weight and ca n't fight them , but even if he did they 'd get a middleweight fighter from black fire to take their place .
` ` no , you ' ve got to pack and we do n't have any sort of plan in place .
in its place was a gentle confidence and a touch of vulnerability that made me want to push max out of the way and hug niall myself .
with all the drama of almost watching her get run over , i had forgotten all about the reason i was waiting for her in the parking lot in the first place .
that made me laugh , a laugh i almost choked on when her warm lips took the place of her hands and she sucked all my hard and throbbing flesh into her mouth .
they are in place to ensure that the ` ` club '' remains exclusive and discreet .
and for the woman who took her place .
but it was never my intention to usurp anyone 's place here .
the need to heal her , to make up for all the pain i caused her , to give her happiness in place of all the heartache wells in my chest like a hot spring .
it was n't long after that when al the other pieces began to fal into place .
the girl that was bound to take my place at his side ?
i sat in drew 's seat , not as a sign of disrespect , but because i did n't want to give even the appearance of taking summer or trinity 's place as head nasty girl .
in a way , i feel like several pieces of my life , of my dreams fell into place all at once .
the kind of alone that says i will never find someone to take his place .
i was gone again , back at the stop sign with the convertible , imagining the scene if they 'd pitched one girl out and invited me to come take her place .
my fuzzy mind is having trouble putting puzzle pieces into place .
just think of me as the orkin man of ass**les - putting ass**les in their place . ''
they would never have suspected for one second that it was me coming to class in his place .
he 's working the bar in your place . ''
my place is with olivia .
` ` it 's like you and your brother switched places , '' he says casually .
who rose to take their place ?
tom is taking my place as your tour manager . ''
he took jonny 's place in the band when they started recording again .
cam , switch places with her .
i was pretty sure that it fucking sucked and would never see the light of day , but writing lyrics had taken the place of most of my vices when ari was away .
in its place had grown this inexplicable fear .
when i turned back to the door , in the place of a princess in a cardigan stood a rocker in a leather jacket .
` ` that 's your place , princess . ''
what i ' m trying to say is you need to call him and you need to remind him why he invited you in the first place , '' she said , shaking her boobs from side to side .
oh , how a part of her wanted to spit back at him not to favor big donor money for budget reforms in place of education policy .
he told me that you and erin broke up , and something in me snapped back into place .
` ` hayden sold us out to the papers in the first place ! ''
his campaign mask slid easily into place , all charm and charisma with an underlying arrogance that no one could ignore , and just a touch of something that inherently drew people to him .
almost as soon as brady walked away , savannah took his place .
not my place to tell her ben 's in love with her .
i cue up another song , a little harder : ` ` in place of hope '' by still remains .
the house lights and the stage lights go black , and echo trots out on stage in darkness , takes her place at the microphone .
which was really annoying , because she would have loved to have heard what kumiko had to say about it , even if she could n't remember for the life of her why she 'd gone over to kumiko 's in the first place .
' i would n't want you or the boys thinking ... that i was trying to take your mother 's place . '
if the price of her own guiltless freedom was for her mother 's place to be usurped , she would be careful only to see the benefits .
they might as well tie their undergarments in place of the ship 's pennant and be done with it .
but bertram had failed to show at sydney , was now the subject of a court - martial , and that damn fool duxbury was in his place .
these procedures were laid out in the paperwork recently sent from london and had been put in place for the earlier return of gi brides .
the real events that had taken place she could not conceive of putting on paper , and the rest of it was just waiting .
sick bags in place ?
the bedrooms were apparently last decorated several decades previously , and bore shiny pink wallpaper , doilied curtains and a smattering of china figurines in place of anything useful like , say , shampoo or tissues .
and it all fell into place .
' if i could get the money together by next year would you consider deferring her place ? '
` ` or i make sure they do n't start in the first place . ''
their man at the un is retiring , and they ' ve asked me if i 'd like to take his place for a year .
the airport was teeming with people who stood in unruly queues or in groups , shouting at one another in place of conversation .
this time next year some shimmering glass and metal construction will be in its place .
he did n't want to know just yet who they had sent to stanleyville in his place .
she grasps suddenly that the relaxed mood has evaporated and something strange has taken its place .
running has taken the place of thinking , of eating , sometimes of sleeping .
' would you like to take my place at a lunch with monsieur lefevre ? '
sean 's gaze flickers between them , as if he is only just registering that a whole separate conversation is taking place before him .
i ' ve been working on putting all these safeguards in place . '
i took a five - franc note from it and tucked a piece of handwritten paper in its place .
and who is this woman i get in her place ?
' why is n't running man offering you his place ? '
i can almost believe he was never there in the first place .
but i do n't want to be kept in place .
until finally he claps me on the shoulder , tells me to show up tomorrow afternoon for practice or else , and then leaves my house as if he 'd never been there in the first place .
and that 's what it 's like - i ' m an obligation to take care of in place of my brother watching over me .
` ` can i shake the hand of the only girl i ' ve ever seen put jake slater in his place ? ''
when rhys pulled away , brayden took his place .
i would receive credit not just for this summer , but it would also take the place of several other fashion design classes . ''
` ` anyway , so after she heard me singing in my room when i was unpacking , she totally ambushed me to take the singer 's place until she could find a replacement .
a wide grin stretched across abby 's face at the mention of seeing her oldest brother - the one whose place she had taken in jacob 's ladder .
learning to let things be was the very reason i 'd taken up the guitar in the first place .
take your place . ''
nothing can take the place of that . ''
the song ended , and unchained melody began playing in its place .
then i took my place among the singers .
an intelligent person has a chance at outwitting another using a gun in place of his brain .
he 's a master , well known by all for his ruthless measures , as i will be when i take his place as solicitor for the fellowship .
and more importantly , when i take my father 's place as leader .
sin moved greer to work in your place . ''
i nod but say nothing as sin stands to switch places with me .
it 's yer responsibility tae stand up and put him in his place early .
only a handwritten note in place of his warm body that should ' ve been next to me .
` ` our men often stand in their wives ' place for atonement , '' i argue .
` ` it is an acceptable practice for a brother to take the place of his woman if he so chooses .
i chose to take my lass 's place , to endure the pain intended for her , so she does n't have to suffer for a life she 's yet to fully understand . ''
it is n't every day the future leader of the fellowship volunteers himself to be beaten in place of the woman he loves so she can become part of his world . ''
i can think of one good thing about sin substituting in my place for my endurance test .
` ` do you love her enough to die in her place ? ''
nice to laugh in place of crying for a change .
take your place as my wife and mother of my children . ''
i ' m still amazed by his decision to offer himself in my place so he could keep me .
i resumed my place as defender as soon as my feet touched edinburgh soil . ''
` ` ye ' ve only been back a few hours but the fellowship does n't offer the courtesy of a transition period into yer place as wife of a leader . ''
i 'd like to get someone quiet in here to take her place .
i ' m finishing my third whisky when my father takes his place to speak to the brothers .
` ` trade places with me . ''
she has said on numerous occasions that she wants us to have time together before i take my place .
i ' m ready to take my rightful place .
` ` you feel prepared to take your place ? ''
abram is n't the only one i ' ve considered while thinking about taking my place .
he has decided he 's ready to take his place .
` ` i still ca n't talk you into taking my place ? ''
i willingly give my life in place of hers and the miracle inside her right now .
` ` i think that would look great in your place . ''
and most of all for putting braydon in his place .
` ` and she does n't know i was arrested for drunk driving and that my sentence was what brought me into her class in the first place . ''
knox hiding this from me the entire time hurt worse than finding out he 'd been convicted of the crime in the first place .
plus when amanda had called earlier and asked if i wanted to come over and help out with the baby , brian had volunteered to go in my place , leaving me alone in the apartment .
i thought i 'd moved past it all , moved on with my life after more than a year of running in place .
a chill runs through me as the warmth from his hard body disappears , cool air in its place .
vinny leans forward , a menacing face in place of the one that was millions of miles away just minutes earlier .
their relenting makes me question if jax was truly involved in the decision to pull the loan in the first place .
too many pieces were falling into place .
that was another piece of the puzzle falling too easily into place .
there were more pieces falling into place .
olivia pried his hand off , her hand taking its place .
but too many pieces fell into place .
but now , as he made his way down the aisle to take his place for the wedding rehearsal , he wondered if he had been ignoring that higher power those past several months .
` ` your place , mr . burnham , '' she said in a quiet , sultry voice .
and when that happens , we already have someone in place to pick up the pieces . ''
after the final speaker finished , mo walked over and traded places with olivia , sitting behind the piano .
i glanced emmie 's way and found her laughing with melissa shepard and rich branson 's assistant who had come in his place .
if our places were reversed i would have gone over the top too .
i would have gladly taken his place if that had been an option , but i was relieved that nik would get to experience this with emmie as he should .
we should have been the ones that had taken her to the hospital in the first place .
which made me question who had found time to hang that freaking banner in the first place ?
after watching his struggle with heroin back when i had been so sick with cancer , i could n't help but worry that i was one of the reasons he had needed the drugs in the first place .
what i was pissed about was finding out that axton and dallas , who also contributed to this particular charity , had n't been able to attend and had asked someone else to go in their place .
that is n't your place , '' jenna protested .
thus , she wished for nothing else than to shed her wings and take her sisters place as ruler of the human world .
the holographic sky over west helia is switched off every evening just after six , leaving a black , featureless void in place of the daytime static .
those who have drunk their fill return to the galleries to dance in the throes of individual ecstasy , their place at the altar swiftly taken up by others .
i was pushing my tailors to the point of mutiny , trying to get new designs in place as soon as possible .
taking his place at the wood , the apprentice tossed log and kindling into the forge , while the master called for more and more heat .
like you should ve done in the first place , idiot .
when all was in place the first spacecraft was launched from the hidden space center .
it was like being given glasses when you did nt even know that you were nearsighted in the first place .
i was nt embarrassed for him to see my bodyhe had actually helped construct it in the first place , so its not like he had nt seen it all before , but there was something vaguely violating about the way he methodically checked me for wounds , rubbing antiseptic and some other salve over some of the minor cuts .
i assumed he had to have a fair amount humanoid emotions to both have the desire to marry a human , and to convince one to marry him in the first place .
as she unscrews the cap another bottle pops up in its place , scaring her and causing her to drop the cap onto the floor .
i want allen to take carls place .
all she had to do was ... take her place .
the light sensitive windows had lost their day - tint , which allowed clearer night vision by the yellowish tinting that took its place , like the special glasses that hunters use .
marys gone ; vanessas in her place and could no longer prove her existence like she could as a spirit .
marianne had come to use that phrase in place of a more traditional one .
the civil war re - enactment event was in place .
silence again , with marianne completely baffled at what new madness was before her , which had taken the place of the old madness noted earlier .
someone else had taken his place as her primary revenge target .
elijah had volunteered before to take jeds place if he did nt work out .
when his hand was in place , brask raised the dagger , not bothering to ask gret if he was willing to talk .
in its place was a man that was calm and collected , looking to all the world like a man who owned the very room they sat in .
in their place sat a small library , with shelves of books , a pair of couches , dozens of candelabras , and a table holding two glasses of wine and a platter of bread and cheeses .
in its place came a look of grave concern .
but then again , i would nt have let it been taken in the first place .
with davila currently in her authoritarian mode , i did wonder how my out of place request would go down .
my only consolation was that everybody did appear to be genuine when discussing the strange phenomenon of the time differences between the two dimensions , which on the face of it , could only mean that all of what seemed to have happened to me , did indeed take place .
caroline explained that she could go for months on end without these dreams , and during these calm periods her life would slowly start to fall back into place .
i just wanted for my life to fall back into place and now at long last , it felt that it was doing just that .
you must surely have somebody else that can take my place and sit in the chair ?
it was just so difficult believing that all these events really took place .
another took its place , and he walked to the open door noticing right away that there was a padlock dangling from the door left in the open position .
it happened so fast that he was nt even sure he could remember exactly what took place or if his description of the impostor was accurate chapter 18 14 months later tony sat silent , strapped tight into his web seat , across the aisle from commander , capt .
in place of the words , and at their expense , an increasingly inarticulate abundance of well - designed , streamlined , efficient , ruthless , hi - tech pictures are being pumped at a transfixed humanity in a massive , endless stream .
my great work is finally in place .
now , at last , its all here , every comma , every clause , every sentence , finally in place .
you just ca nt make this stuff up cross is to be handled by an agent in place , and it appears to be this beta bronski , ex - flame of third eye honcho and blues harmonica virtuoso , mike chen .
in his place sat a veiled woman whose eyes regarded him with steely hesitation and hostility .
boffin tells lori about the indigo project , and david 's transformation into a government asset and zombie , run by his supervising agent in place .
damage control is firmly in place .
things quickly got out of control , and a gang of hooligans ( inspired by the uks bonny black prince ) began to break windows ( some of the businesses on telegraph had not yet replaced their windows from the last riots , leaving the plywood barriers in place , for prudence sake ) .
we do have men in place in ashland , good men , and maybe well , maybe we can possibly keep this matter confined in ashland , if you understand me , sir .
every hair was in its place .
now victor has taken your fathers place as the paladin .
in their place were long rows of tidy booths , each specialising in their particular commodities , with samples arrayed to best effect to catch a discerning customers eye .
and to be honest i do nt have the faintest idea why lesper recruited you in the first place !
then again , if he could see her , she would nt be sitting there in the first place .
no hint except for the devastation that it had been crilshans in their place mere hours earlier .
no , i who would not want retribution in your place ?
in place of the image of gobisla there burst the large , scarlet face of an overweight man .
a moment later and another screen had taken its place .
within seconds a man sat back in the place of the deformed creature , and slowly but surely there stepped forwardwicked and powerful with the dark army at his commanda high lord .
it spoke to him , and from the edifice behind lesper exclaimed : gone are days of peace and hope ; in their place death and darkness rain ; lost are memories of power once owned ; and through the one lesper stopped suddenly .
they have activated another project to take your place , and it is only a matter of time before they call for your termination as the factory has called for mine .
they had taken the place of a police force that once was , and maintaining a suitable life for the survivors inside of the city had proved itself nearly as taxing as the war on those who sought to take it away .
when the palm turned upwards he saw that in place of the normal hollow josh now had a viscous yellow membrane , like a huge stretched blister in which sparks of green and red were swirling slowly .
in my excitement at actually meeting people from the future , i had totally forgotten why i had requested the meeting in the first place .
why do you think i sent the letter in the first place ?
he had to be put in his place .
his place is to serve you , demetrius .
gough slid down to the next chair and the shrew took his place .
you were hired to take his place .
he felt the breeze nip at his face and arms , but he still could nt figure out why he d come outside in the first place .
' in place , ' said dillow .
he would have to be training max morgan to take his place .
if i live to be a hundred and fifty , and i ' m talking earth years , by the way , i do n't expect to see the day a computer can take the place of a human . '
and if you do nt agree , you can fight the person i nominate to fight in my place : - ) an interesting thing happened though , and i got a bit of a surprise .
the likes of him and angharad and joe distepano were already forgottenheroes reluctantly given alms in place of lost limbs or the prideful retirement they d earned by risking their lives protecting the empire .
chapter thirteen ( back to table of contents ) control systems are finally back in place , tittered heisenberg , speaking to a large figure lying still in a bed .
he should have gone peacefully now that the control systems are in place .
another will just take his place !
an empty clicking took the place of the sound of gunfire .
as soon as they left the operation room , half a dozen automatons detached themselves from the flat walls in which they were disguised , leaving odd shaped holes in their place .
in place of his left arm was a hulking metal prosthetic that ended in a great , smoking barrel above a claw - like hand .
in its place was a rolling - eyed ball of panicked muscle and flying hooves .
we merely put them in their place .
` ` let me try , '' said a voice behind pete , and lemmy pushed him out of his chair and took his place .
doubtful , especially as i m not really sure how we put it there in the first place .
` ` i would , however , like to take this opportunity to remind you of your place at this table ms strachan . ''
we were hounded like dogs by the planetary parliament , and now this new regime is in place you think that all it takes is for you to click your fingers and all is forgiven ? ''
` ` that would be more than a little unfortunate , if only because we have no one else to send in their place .
failure after failure went by and the head of development was removed and a new one put in his place .
fitting them into place , he fit the spike thrower in place of the 10 mm .
it was if deckard blaine had died and this stranger with his memories had taken his place .
with the key in place the full power of the book is unlocked ; power enough to rule the world , power to defeat all challengers and crush all enemies .
normally , he stumbled frequently , losing his place and pausing to find himself .
why had they substituted an android in place of her father without telling her ?
he rubbed his eyes , spotted markman in the crowd , and motioned one of his associates to take his place .
others took his place .
although the surrogate does not have the will power to exorcize me , there is always a nagging little incentive to do good in place of evil .
after the moriana body is taken away and all inquiries satisfied , i will return to the cassell residence and take my rightful place with ms . cassell .
as for how much you should spend , i would guess ten thousand would be a nice round figure , and you should purchase a crystal companion ring for her to wear in place of the expensive one .
displeasure quickly gave place to indignation , which , once he entered the stair landing on the first floor , turned into poorly concealed ire .
rene kindly asked us by the way , anatoly , why did you refuse to take renes place at the warehouse ?
his shock was subsiding , giving place to indignation .
the senate is where were aiming , to get the law changed first , then aliens could be educated and take their places as senators .
a new horror took their place winston was stuck fast !
the municipal government planned to raze the neighborhood and build upscale housing in its place , but the wars and plagues put a stop to such notions .
its the in place to be these days .
henceforth , all robots will take their rightful places with renewed purpose .
but something else even more terrifying had taken their place .
somebody had tried to cross out the words all hail with black paint and had written down with in their place .
something abruptly snapped inside him a cord that had connected him to his mania and a wonderful sense of liberation took its place .
in its place , a large bronze colored robot stood on the pedestal .
so , here they were again in their thousands , seeking revenge because he had spurned them because he had manufactured them in the first place .
asias meka , poe , trundled out to take his place .
some of the stalls and shops were closed and many of the loudspeakers were silent , but there were new sources of entertainment to take their place .
not only would she comment snidely on his human appearance , but reddle would most definitely lecture him for his recent big - vid proclamation ; the very proclamation that had gotten him grounded in the first place .
for each rodent - like flying plevert izzian destroyed , another would immediately take its place , but the boy in the dream kept hacking away .
the last thing he recalled was falling into the giant arms of the very creature that had frightened him into a fainting spell in the first place .
neither would apologize first and each thought it was the other 's place to do so .
thinking about it , that was probably one of the main reasons that james had started working with computers in the first place , he liked the feeling of control that he had in the digital world , compared to the extra levels of complexity in real life .
things will settle down , and then with companies like this incapacitated small ethical companies will be able to rise up in their place .
and i want to find krider and do what you should ve done in the first place .
the chaos of war in iraq had made its mark on them as they took the place of their fathers who manned the death filled turf wars in baghdad and kabul .
others took their place , and soon the quarters were getting rather tight , so the soldiers were having a bit of trouble taking their swings .
the connection between the early natives with their arrows who were merely defending their lands from the white invaders was closely tied to the present situation in which the zombies took the place of the indians and the refugees to john wilson 's safe house had now become the new unwelcome visitors .
the lights had already gone out over there in the cities , and the only brightness in the night air were the stars and planets as the world danced backward to 1835 where candles , wood , and fire hearths took the place of electric lights , ipods , and gas stoves .
there was no one else in the entire world who could ever take aiden 's place .
i would n't trade places with them .
afterwards , precautions went into place .
as the first born , he would take his omms place on the throne one day .
evens and edwards are also in the room and have watched what has taken place .
gerald ford was then put in his place .
in his place , a message is being delivered over that channel by someone claiming to be gramaha , the representative of the asta galactic command .
but , if i may remind the general , those people are probably the ones who started the confrontation with the greys in the first place and they probably killed some of my men as well .
if he were to quit his job , someone else would simply do the job in his place .
i quickly decided i could not stay here while my friends and allies fought this unknown danger , as a healer my place was in battle by their side to aid as my training dictated .
in their place stood larger buildings also white in colour but higher in numbers of stories or just in size of interior , they looked more like work places rather than the houses of the towns inhabitants .
these creatures were abominations of life half flesh and half machine , they were ruthless in their advance and we could not stop them , it seemed that for every one we killed three would take its place .
anyway eventually all was in place and the two doors that had opened up along the sides of the cylinder closed again .
i suspect he may see this as a way to oust the king and for him to step in to the vacant place as ruler especially as the kings family are now mostly gone and no clear descendant exists apart from the kings son of course , but prince resen is famed as a military man and history has proven that our people are not sympathetic to any direct military involvement in the ruling of the city .
serinae then said , the trees here drink brackish water from deep under the sand , it is the only water available to them out on the dunes , they have evolved to very cleverly remove the salt from their sap and push it out into their bark , once the outer layer of bark is saturated with salt it dies and peels away dropping from the tree , the new bark having already formed underneath takes its place , a clever adaptation eh ?
everything else seemed then to pale in comparison , perhaps nothing could take the place of the last few months .
when all was quiet for another ten minutes or so , adam slipped out of his hiding place in the shelving unit and felt his way in the darkness to the opposite wall where the door was set .
he had always been good at fixing things and at teaching others ; its why he had became a teacher in the first place .
they knew it would not be long , before they took their place in the tribe , making the almadra even stronger .
now arn was king , it was not her place , to give him ultimatums , so she sat quietly and prayed to the gods for deliverance .
the half - soul , she is taking my place !
the half - soul is taking my place at his side , i will not let that happen !
agart did not like the sound of it but he did not let it show on his face ; the king is taking the side of the half - soul , she is taking my place .
agart watched his brother , going over to the half - soul ; my brother has feeling for this woman , she is taking my place ; he thought .
the woman is taking my place .
rather than look for the moon , she went to her mother and asked her to make another one to take its place , the queen continued , but her mother told her , she could not !
i must wait until i can show the whole tribe that arn is not a strong king and he is not the chosen of the gods , then he will be made outcast and agart will take his place .
it may be right for another to take his place .
she wants me to take his place and become king , can i do such a thing , can i choose between my brother and my people ?
she let it all go and let the warrior 's lustful scent and the beating of the mating drums , take their place .
there would be others to take their place , the women who danced under the great dome and mated with their lovers would give birth to a new generation of nomads .
new trees would take their place , seeds that lay in the dark soil would break open and the promise of life that lay within would be fulfilled .
there was no more pain , old wounds , the injuries to his wrists by the shadow - men were gone , only a small scar marked the place where the iron spikes were driven into his flesh .
the green salt took second place to her need for the red crystals and food was hardly worth thinking about .
she saw that another woman had taken her place , she was wearing a filthy rag of a garment and her face was covered with ghastly sores ; seeda still wanted her standing spot back .
for every sandjar they killed two took its place , soon the bodies were heaped high and the ground was soaked with blood .
perhaps there is a place where gods go when they die , there they watch new gods being born and smile to themselves , knowing there are others to take their place .
kuno took up his place at their head , he was eager for the fight to come but he busied himself by chewing a piece of seasoned rimar meat , washed down with several cups of seasoned po .
whatever reason , the cold that had taken her began to melt and in its place came the warmth of life .
she replied : if you are granted the knowledge of the laws of the universe you will be taught by another , i can not teach you the specifics of these laws , it is not my place .
still more dark centuries passed , bio - warfare rose up and horrible diseases were unleashed that attacked the body and mind , many died screaming as they watched their flesh decay others forgot their souls and tore at those they loved in a blind fury of pain and madness , and as soon as a vaccine was perfected for an infection another would rise up to take its place .
but for every one they killed two more took their place and soon the bodies of the dead piled up around them but still the little monsters kept coming and at last the humans were overwhelmed by a mass of deformed bodies and captured .
you do nt use your flesh - body the girl laughed your inner - shadow takes its place .
locked on their targets the two guns began to discharge a beam of focused energy , the thin shaft of burning light penetrated the thick skull of one of the rimorgar and killed it instantly , the other weapon did the same but for every beast they destroyed two took their place .
affirm mother replied , i have been reanimated and repaired , i am ready to continue our mission to seek and destroy the enemy , you will now return to your station and take your place as command driver .
affirm jon says moving towards his command chair , we must destroy central command so that kt seven can survive , but as he comes closer he sees the thing that has taken his place , who are you ?
after what seemed like an eternity of sitting around while the graduation took place , tabitha at last found herself at the head of the queue at the allocation desks , still uncertain as to what path to take .
once the docking procedure had taken place the new crew of helios three departed their transport shuttle and , following a guide , made their way to their quarters .
over and over the cycle would repeat , every night until the sun rose - then calmed by its light brightening all the dark places of both the room in which she slept and the rooms of her mind she would finally fall into a deep , dreamless sleep .
something , somewhere , deep inside jacob 's mind fell into place .
i was too angry to realize that she was the one who brought up the subject in the first place this time .
the pain went as fast as it arrived leaving in its place something that he could nt believe .
topple the empire , put something in its place that is just and will outlaw slavery .
gone were the bulky combat robots , in their place were gleaming sleek machines with no obvious weapons .
men , of course , had the opposite occur , and the two sexes effectively switched places completely .
they might as well have not switched places .
our ship , in its impossible ways , decided to create a diversion by materializing an exact replica ship ( complete with ultra - realistic robotic mannequins strategically placed in front of the windows ) in our place the real ship turned invisible and took off .
a man on the other side of me who seemed to be a quiet , unassuming gentleman was swept aside and a new , far more assuming gentleman took his place .
i left my imposter bike in reception , i was nt ready to let it take the place of my other bike on the hooks over my bed .
it is not for me to take the place of the old gods .
her red skirt had disappeared , and in its place was growing a mass of bony red scales .
he was eager to explore all the capabilities of those dexterous fingers and long legs and strong arms , but his visit was cut short by eve , who had also climbed onto the island and was clamouring to take adams place .
no one saw what happened next , not even the prince , for it took place within the horses mind .
that s assuming of course that relativity applies in neurospace , with telepathy and other forms of esp taking the place of light .
and as she relived that moment of incandescent passion , karens agitation died away , and donna felt in its place a warm contented glow and a feeling of great love for her .
but then , out of the blue , something clare had said during their first encounter in that restaurant in adelaide sprang into donnas mind , and the final piece of the jigsaw dropped into place .
nevertheless , 2 parts of my 3 part plan are fully in place .
i will just say that my medium term and long term options are in place ; but i do need to resolve my short term position .
not really , when you consider that i put it there in the first place .
and he was nt entirely sure why he was doing it in the first place .
in place of that confidence was just hollowness and confusion .
most pilots would bring their own replacement chair to bolt in its place .
they were always clipped , the words stripped of context and meaning as they shifted position in the conversations , endings jumping to where beginnings should have been , and middle sections switching place with endings , language continuity close to zero .
and in her place , i have decided ... -he paused , looking over at kira with a grin- to appoint kira the twelfth member of the council !
kira was nt sure she agreed with their assessment , but as she was nt permitted to take her place on the council yet , she could nt express that opinion .
in place of the worn wooden furniture there were two marble topped tables with bronzed legs , one sitting between a plush cushioned booth and the second surrounded by high backed leather chairs .
again on the losing side , but he seems to have accepted it and his place at the manor .
you forget your place , both of you if you do nt mind , cut in pierce having regained his voice and composure , but i would appreciate the courtesy of you speaking as if i were in the same room as you .
whether someone takes his place as lord of the hunt remains to be seen .
do nt look at me like that duffy , i put a coin in its place as compensation .
the knowledge that his grandfather was toiling endlessly each day in his place and continuing to do so every night when he should have been able to enjoy the rest he so richly had earned .
they arrived in a matter of moments , slightly ahead of the president and general mccreary ; all of the players now in place .
i have no ideas about managing a household in the place of my father and branwell has been absent since last night .
i think that s what john wanted to dotell people the truthso ill tell everyone in his place .
alba whistles for attention and silence takes its place .
however , dr . blake interjected , the nasa base in china wanted to make it very clear that they would choose another applicant to take your place if for some reason you were not able to go to starside academy that s why we ve now got armed guards surrounding the base .
he said to be sure to come here in his place so that you would nt be disappointed .
i must take your place father .
isara let go of goo 's collar , and the dog was overjoyed to see his master , even giving the alien a look of sincere disapproval for restraining him in the first place .
plan b will fall into place if it must , only because we 'll make the right decisions then too , if it comes to that . ''
the windows of the other students cleared from fintans display , and a star field showed in their place .
thankfully , sis has the med - bot roll alongside marissa providing the support in place of the therp until marissa climbs onto the training equipment .
as one pair leaves from in front of a booth another takes their place .
even then , the judicial system must approve the use in place of execution .
we just have the dragon dead in front of us how can you say that someone else had not taken his place ?
a transparent , glittery blue mist was left in place of where smithy had been standing .
in the blink of an eye , smithy , the boy and his little sister , were gone , a silvery blue mist left in their place .
the way he reassured them by taking off his mask , something i probably would n't have done , had i been in his place ?
what was supposed to take place was quite something else .
in its place was a red block with the words abort acquisition !
he concluded , that in order for the conservation of matter to work , that the matter it displaced would just have to trade places with something else .
the problem was to identify precisely where that realm will reappear and forcing that destination volume to trade places with the only discontinuity in the physical realm : that being the hole you left in this time .
on this evening , their place would be in the outer ring where martin would be able to tolerate the pulse .
once she was satisfied , riddick got up and waters set the hologram in his place .
schools and current teaching models had been in place for centuries , but they were no longer effective .
no one else dared to step forward to take my place .
they did nt even care if he had caused the explosion in the first place .
he moved in to take the doctors place , looking at him briefly before bending to the eyepieces .
rather than sacrifice one of peersons men , who would miss the nerdy looking fool that had stumbled over the bomb in the first place .
besides , it was this git that told him to plant the first bomb in the first place .
kill one and hundreds more take his place .
in her place was a demon .
tropical and sub - tropical forests died off as seasonal woodlands , open plains , desert regions , and the expansion of grasslands took their place .
they immediately scurried out into the sunlight , practising handstands and rolls , twirling sticks tied at the end with string in place of ribbons , and squealed with glee when their motions reminded them of the otherworldly beauty they had seen on the tv .
victor let go of henrys backpack , and paul took his place .
like henry they were not brave enough to stand up , and stop paul especially if it meant they would have to take henrys place on the chopping block .
no , you should nt have given him one in the first place , he says .
i hope one of them can put the android in his place .
to say strang turned a blind eye to some of the less savoury things that took place would not be entirely accurate .
on the nights when she was home , his hostess slept on the chair ignoring his offers to change places with her on the sofa .
in its place was raw and primitive terror .
her voiced dissent was one of the primary reasons she found herself sitting among the spectators instead of taking her place as an initiate .
for every one that fell , however , another emerged from the side streets to take its place .
it seemed preposterous that shed openly tell him such a thing after all she did to get to the academy in the first place , but she could nt shake the feeling it was the right answer .
in place of a star over the shield on the symbol , each had a different three - digit number , all starting with the number seven .
so being the last nephilim it is your duty to take his place .
i was living on earth with our mother when i was suddenly brought here to take ravens place .
benny stood up and joker took his place as he , shafer and rukaryo walked off of the bridge to the hanger - bay .
it was a miracle that he had been cleared to use the space stations new instruments to monitor the experiment in the first place , something that would be practically impossible to do once the station went fully online .
who could have in my place ?
` ` did anything else take place . ''
inside the chamber , each member had their place .
the stillness settled once again as they hung on every word that jhovahkan said to them , i have been confirmed by the council in a unanimous vote to take my fathers place .
to us , those things never took place .
some aspects of the future are unknown , helen answered glenda , there are only certain things that i know must take place .
you shall be mindful of your place , mother .
while it is true that the zelinites are an evil race , they can be put in their place ; but not obliteration that is not an answer .
once we have control , i will contact several other ships to take our place in controlling this sector from the north .
the very essence of the book concept is that a time paradox has taken place in order for our hero to complete his tasks .
at least perhaps then he could rest with some relief that he had managed to live up to his own reasons for joining in the first place .
all he had to do was remind himself of his reasons for coming to see the sheriff in the first place and just like that he could feel himself warming again .
and in its place was a somber seriousness that was altogether unsettling .
in the evening , she wound him up and took his place in bed , carefully changing the sheets as soon as he had left her bedroom .
in its place came stark , cold reality .
the sinking ground disappeared and in its place rushed up the grasping sea .
or rather , the wall that now took the place of the archway they had entered through .
small floating orbs took the place of joints between its limbs .
her face disappeared and words took her place .
the floor and low curving ceiling that took the place of walls flickered then turned transparent , causing zook to grab the closest seat out of instinct of falling .
in an old man 's place was a spiraling segat , its wings blurred with the speed of its ascent .
not one of the warriors wanted to take his place , and since they knew what the boy faced , they gave him much more to drink .
the mishtok has been killed and another chosen in his place .
he became aware of aches that wracked him , saw his boots were gone and in their place were rough bandages - he knew his feet were injured .
in his place was a thin boy who spoke seldom , developed very sharp wits , and was so changed that when he was moved north as a forager in cardon 's group , his family would n't have recognised him .
a less wounded refugee rode in his place .
it should be easier now bones are back in place and splinters removed , though you 're full of broken bones at the moment .
` ` sarssen serves in your place .
he still never smiled and his trust was devastated , but he no longer moved about in fear and the churchik saw clarity in the black eyes in place of the clouded look that was always there .
he saw the sparkle quenched and in its place was a challenging spark of anger jane had n't seen in those large , gentle eyes .
fear took its place .
he felt daxel lean back into him and held the boy in his arms for a long time , until the lantern light flickered fitfully and darkness took its place .
the persistent criticism stopped and constructive comments took their place .
` ` remember your place , '' he said contemptuously as he strode away .
he bent his head so he could n't be accused of not knowing his place and stayed inconspicuous and silent .
` ` how many of you would be willing to take his place , that is what i wish to know ? ''
then he wondered about time and reluctantly uncurled , threw off the furs and shivering in the afternoon chill , he quickly dressed , pulling on a heavy doublet in place of the short jacket .
another 's waited a long time to escort you in my place . ''
` ` you 'll take my place , young one .
his form dissolved into that of a standing man in place of the rox .
you may not know what you want now , my girl , but one day you will find your tether and it will all fall into place .
they d sheltered for three days , waiting out the aftermath that was sure to come , but when no such force hit them , they continued south only to find that their entire southern lands had been levelled , a great canyon in its place where some began to rebuild their lost freeze homes .
though , seeing as she needed to speak to beck , she accepted keirans rather blunt and dirty suggestion that she come to his place instead .
she considered telling him that they had a plan in place , or at least , the beginnings of one , but she quickly decided against it , standing silently as beck considered what shed said .
look , casey not being on side is a setback , but it was nt like he was all giddy to help in the first place , keiran said dismissively .
memories fell into place .
it was nt like there were nt a hundred more veniche to take their place .
the overall lessons of the revelation are that no country can take the place of gods invisible kingdom of faith , peace , and love , and that the lambs example of laying down his life for others will eventually prove more powerful than all of the armies of the world .
` ` it may be that god will bring in others to take the place of any of us who die or who turn away from following the lamb .
do not be drawn into tempting god by believing the lie that he has no right to take away your inheritance ( as he did with the jews , and as he has done with the institutional church ) ; for if you do , your place will most assuredly be given to someone else .
it also speculated about who would take dangchao 's place .
but no one thought to ask why the switch to jerusalem was being made in the first place .
but the genuine should not need to give place to the counterfeit .
when passengers were called to board , chaim took his place in the queue .
she offers to take his place , so that he can get some sleep .
~~o~~o~~o~~ chapter 6 elles here barse - hesk - fusa , the leader of the fusas , looks rather stern , holding place reach we , was gone ella - hesk - fusa .
i do nt know , the thought of having swallowed them in the first place makes me feel bad enough .
as the titles list disappeared and the requested text came up in its place , she pushed the box over in front of tristan .
most of them are already in place ; we ve had deep cover agents in the issel system for some time , lujan said .
he held his place until they approached him , as befitted a son of the pasha of miika .
it had mere slits where its nose should have been , tympanic membranes in the place of ears .
eventually they had switched places and so she would have a clean shot when she needed to .
we ca nt put our protective measures in place soon enough .
many nights over the past months , he had asked himself if he would trade places with charles .
he still woke up at night thinking about it , but now the question had gone from would he change places to why not .
i do n't remember him taking her place .
then for some reason he decided to switch places with sarah and drive one of the chase vehicles .
the old smart glass was gone , and in its place was a section of hull that had been infused with holographic receptors .
if he wanted to , he could turn it to transparent , making the plating disappear as a powerful force field took its place .
in its place the image of a woman appeared instead .
in its place the hood remained .
she had nt pushed him back , she had nt yanked her head away ; the impediment field had been in place , after all .
he no longer had his helmet on ; but alice could see that the force field that had taken its place was in effect , glistening and glimmering as it no doubt picked up feedback from the complete shield .
his real father was regarded as ` ` dead '' because of the murder , but moses now had two others to take the place , one in america and one here in australia .
tea plantations were being ripped out and other crops planted in their place .
the precautions now in place are tiresome to be sure , but absolutely necessary !
^thank you.^ ^now what is our status ? ^ asked suld , as ciluo gathered uld and dumped him in a chair next to him , hildnic taking his place at command .
suld monitored their pullback , and ordered two more in their place .
he kept struggling against the guards ' hand holds while yanking himself towards the queen as he continued to yell ` ` the pishons should have stopped me in the first place ! ''
he frowned seeing instead of their speakers in place was a male masked highlander in their spots with the group seated behind him .
he felt himself alone in a bedroom and blinked his eyes as the bedroom changed to show another one in its place in a round room while sensing himself watched .
its take out a high council group another forms in its place get it ?
tom saw the freeloader flew backwards hitting the wall with form appearing to be pinned in its place .
tom eyed the high council to find their familiar highlander speaker in place .
tom frowned hearing that as the servant spoke ` ` the fighter that wins the fight is always used repeatedly for fighting various males till he 's killed off with the fighter he loses the fight to taking his place .
it 's something tank himself admits to being responsible for the attitude due to getting her to carry in the first place .
he eyed the high council seemingly lengthy to realize that the group had given him what he wanted in the first place .
a combination of drugs , subliminal conditioning , and psionic torture would destroy the rachel jordan that was and leave a hollow shell in her place .
terrible pieces of the puzzle began to slip into place .
we hanks must switch places .
the hank before that one , the first one i got changed with , was a nice fella that was just looking to get back to his own world , but the evil hank soon took his place .
in its place came a message in the soonseen language consisting of small pictographs .
in its place , a tablet had been left .
a brief cloud of gloom followed his thoughts as he remembered the reason why he spent most afternoons under the thorn tree in the first place .
and if we make it all the way back , iduna and saul might be pretty useful when it comes to getting to the bottom of why we were put here in the first place .
he wanted to kill his master and take his place .
wodan felt his mind click into place as he leveled his rifle at the riders back .
` ` shelley went back to semiramis 's quarters and played shave and a haircut with a flute , right before the two musical notes , the puzzle disappeared and then a papyrus scroll appeared in its place . ''
things had been going well , he had bamboozled that ditzy blonde smith had sent in her place , even managed to get her to put the story back to the civil war .
he wondered what had happened to that smith chick , why she sent had the blonde in her place , she sure had been pretty for a colored broad .
no one took my place .
more people needed food , wages , air , clothes , accommodation , transportation , training , information , recreation and , because sahra 's little tricks were still tricking them , more treatment , more assistants to help them to do the job they were signed up for in the first place .
4 m treatments had already been used for decades in place of traditional drug therapies .
and then she did , and i was sorry i wished it because karl dresche took her place .
maybe he could have saved me from stepping in it in the first place .
in the end , he told me i needed to stop taking her to the parties in the first place and sent me to bed .
and the second i swore to your father i 'd look after you , i took over his place .
` ` i think maybe i should trade places with ... '' ` ` sit down , jake , '' reginald said , friendly , but firmly .
look , if i could change places , with that man , i would and will .
you can take their place !
then just before the hologram of beth - taken from her brainwave analysis after the oscars - could speak , the real beth stepped into the scene and took her holograms place .
she knew little children really played big in the rags ( that s why she brought him in the first place ) .
ben took his place and put his hand on his stomach to calm his nerves .
giane asked coyly as she grimaced - begging for him to take the bait and fail - and she reached over and grabbed both of bens knees and nearly knocked over his cigarette case ( which is why he put it there in the first place , to throw her off ) .
someone else could take my place or there could be a new configuration which does not utilize a cc as liaison .
i take her place and my co - director , franco , takes my place as the narrator / director .
i take her place and my co - director , franco , takes my place as the narrator / director .
there will be local leaders , decision - makers and a lot of other new structures and people in place by january , 2014 , when the global unity leaders council is formed , but i have nt heard , yet , how they will be chosen or who they will be .
i do nt want to know , yet , who s / he will be , who will take my place as the cc .
winston and star swung their rackets mightily , taking down scores of the creatures , but many more took their place .
little conversation took place .
his pack leader had been destroyed , he recalled , and now a two - legged master had taken his place .
and if he did nt ... well , then it would be time for the chief acolyte to pass beyond this vale of tears and assume his place at the right hand of the messiah .
as i watched , my image began to go out of focus , and in its place , the image of another young man appeared .
that s why he went along with moving in with him in the first place .
in my place , too .
the cloud parted and two men , also bloody and beaten , took her place .
he too evaporated , and both her parents took his place .
what was taking place on erebus did not begin there .
the silent corridor petered out and an enormous hall took its place .
this order of the allied moon will set out and prepare to take the vons place as vontaura .
since shed confronted him about his past it was as though another man had taken his place ; and he was nothing like the noah she had known for the past year .
take peters place and fight .
but as he led her along the creaking corridor and into a room at its end , her fear waned and confusion took its place .
the von can not stop the allied moon from taking its place as vontaura .
i m sorry i had to go in the first place .
when i asked them what it meant , they said : gone are days of peace and hope , in their place death and darkness rain , lost are memories of power once owned , and through the one may they once more gain .
g - i - l - a - x - i - a - d. gone are days of peace and hope in their place death and darkness rain lost are memories of power once owned and through the one may they once more gain xenolith lures them across the abyss in courage and strength to refuse the masters a deadly host to place the deathly kiss darkness for one .
in its place surged a corridor , bright and long and silent .
in her place stood diego ferranti .
wells handed nella the bottle and syringe and took johnson 's place holding onto ann .
` ` do n't mistake me doctor , '' continued the prisoner , ` ` i 'd have done the same in your place in order to survive .
anyhow , this is why i put the food distribution system in place .
` ` why film it in the first place ? ''
she was distracted enough that she had forgotten why she had headed to the infirmary in the first place and spent several seconds trying to remember before anyone noticed her .
the writing of these dreams took place on her bed , the gin bottle slowly emptying as she was now sufficiently drunk enough to not need water with it .
do nt forget your place , butler .
when my fingers laced together , i felt the cold of my glove and remembered why i was there in the first place .
since dr . cross , father and i were the only ones who even knew that shed vanished five years prier , there was nt any danger of her identity getting out if we started switching places again .
the problem came when my father realized that i was now a field scientist with my own platoon and could nt just switch places with my newly synthetic sister anymore .
the space chicken frequently remembered his resentment towards his mothers excessive use of speech , and the memory cropped up again every time oprah used an unnecessary description in place of a word readily accessible in the dictionary .
when put in his place , cleins only response was a bland and ignorant one : do you have to be so argumentative ?
if the twins opened the fez , it would prevent the popularly proposed future from taking place it would break the prophecy and so counteract the peril ; if the twins opened the fez , it would mean that quacks prediction of david gratton opening the fez and bringing about a country which would end britain was untrue and so the twins would nt destroy the world .
he took my place as a leader and he took away from me myself .
my place has been taken by david gratton .
my place has been taken by david gratton i. i m not bitter , but i m defunct .
` ` let 's get back to business again louis , is our plan still in place ? ''
the bite mark was gone healed but still glowing red , and now in its place was a medium - sized very odd looking wart , with a small cluster of others warts in a long row connecting to where the bite mark use to be .
and you will permit elphen the white queen to be reincarnated and take her place once again on her throne in the kingdom of gwynedd in deganwy castle .
we all have to step right back into place , and take our places rightfully around the fairy circle .
as i swiped my hands at the bugs , ripping one off only to find five more take its place , my body started to warm and tingle .
though i desperately wanted to know why he d come looking for me in the first place , i decided the how was the easiest to answerit was also the one he d avoided earlier .
everything clicked into place then .
at that moment , more clues i had missed fell into place .
the light fizzled out , leaving only the twinkling stars to take its place .
then , he took a deep breath , stepped forward , and slid the blade easily into the crevice , a shower of sparks the only indication that the knife should have been too thick to fit in the first place .
naturally , i wondered at first if the figure actually was dirk , or whether somebody else had rushed in to take his place while my back was turned , but then i noticed dirk 's laptop bag strung over the knight 's shoulder , as if his armour had simply formed out of thin air around it magically .
or shall i have martilleous take my place here ? ''
most unsolved cases ended that way , petering out quietly as something else took their place .
all ships were held back until a plan was in place to determine who , or what , was responsible for the crash .
it balanced his emotions , allowing him to reflect rationally on his circumstances : if it had occurred to sean that he would ever want to walk away from that kind of money then he would never have signed the contract in the first place .
when the martian has swallowed his little pill , the oxygen and the nitrogen are rendered to his blood as if he had breathed them , and so he can live with that air which has been distributed to him with the aid of his stomach in the place of his lungs .
vortimer and his father have avoided each other since the people deposed vortigern and put vortimer in his place .
and there carried thangobrind the jeweller away those whose duty it was , to the house where the two men hang , and taking down from his hook the left - hand one of the two , they put that venturous jeweller in his place ; so that there fell on him the doom that he feared , as all men know though it is so long since , and there abated somewhat the ire of the envious gods .
the adrenaline in her system began slowly to wear off with a level of exhaustion she had never previously experienced settling down in its place .
having thus far , we hope , interested our readers in the fortunes of a family which had become subject to so dreadful a visitation , we trust that a few words concerning them , and the peculiar circumstances in which they are now placed , will not prove altogether out of place , or unacceptable .
he calmly paid the servants , and allowed them to leave him at once without at all entering into the matter , and , for the time being , some men were procured , who , however , came evidently with fear and trembling , and probably only took the place , on account of not being able , to procure any other .
their despair immediately gave place to reawakened malevolence .
as long as the man could force himself to remain motionless the iron ball hung in its place .
until the new carriers were ready , fighters had to be transported by tankers in place of some of the fuel shuttles that they usually carried .
it took almost three hours of acceleration before the incoming fighters all landed , transferred their jump detection gear to the rookies , who then launched to take their place in the patrol .
rodriguez can take your place in engineering .
he listens to the boss and wonders what the point of dancing in the dark is unless your bird happens to be a complete minger , but then why dance with her in the first place ?
once this was in place humans would learn something very important to the plot of this story .
there was nt really a need for guards , no one was going to try and break in and if anyone broke out they would find themselves on a whole ship full of the type of people who put them in prison in the first place .
maksim nodded , you do know that if you do nt comehell come in my place .
ollie took his place also .
he nodded and stood up , walked over to eden 's station , trading places with her .
thereupon ghanim wept and she wept at his weeping , and they ceased not drinking till nightfall , when he rose and spread two beds , each in its place .
the fear of the world to come will restrain him and he will believe that she is dead and will restore the figure to its place and thank thee for thy doings ; and thus thou shalt escape , please almighty allah , from this slough of despond .
when he saw the shroud and would have removed it to look upon her , the fear of allah almighty restrained him , and the old woman ( taking advantage of the delay ) said , restore her to her place .
the hemispherical view dissolved , and another took its place , from the third circle .
she 's the reason i got in this mess in the first place ... she of course , is the skinny one with straight blonde hair who rolls out of bed as the typical sleeping beauty .
to create a monster in place of the seemingly human face that paced around the room in front of me .
i would take her place , if i could , i would die for her , and i would die with her .
gasps took the place of cheers .
relief took the place of fear .
my relief faded ; in its place was confusion .
the original humuroms now had children that took their place in new humurom .
i looked out the window at all the new cities and towns that took the place of the fields i was once so used to .
we ve had a pretty good look around that area and not only are there no planets , the interstellar medium in that vicinity is too sparse to have allowed planetary bodies to form via accretion in the first place .
easy , pat , theo said calmly , a state of mind patroclus had fully discarded in place of abject terror .
in its place , only mild discomfort .
in its place , a muffled ring at a frequency she perceived as dangerous drowned out everything else .
it belted out the propaganda song starward bound in place of its screechy ring .
i knew the axel i had grown to love was gone forever , somebody else had taken his place .
you re my daughter lily my place is with you .
i saw jason standing in front of it , playing with his special watch only to see the wall start to shimmer and a doorway appeared in its place .
i was shaking , so we switched places and gordon drove home .
we each have a job to do in aquarius , we each have access to accommodations and meals , we each have our responsibilitiesno payments take place , no money changes hands .
` ` you think you can turn up here and take my place ? ''
he would be that kind of leader when he went home to claim his place by his father .
she gave him a slight wink as she handed him his meal and a coconut in place of the usual mug of grog .
his elvis form abruptly shimmered and faded , leaving in its place a huge mountain lion .
no , if what you say were so , everything would fall out of place .
unless you and your boss want to take his place ?
she sensed movement out of the corner of her eye , and with a thud dark was gone , knocked away by a figure that suddenly stood in the monsters place .
things fell into place .
the pups missed their mom , the rest of the pack was good , they took care of the pups , but they could n't take the place of a real mother .
the vet hesitated so long that i had time to finally figure out why buck had suggested the dna test in the first place .
its many cameras were well concealed but two red lights were set in the place of its eyes .
its sleek body was spray painted in place of clothing .
like many physical structures , with time information is degraded , evidence is lost to chaos , records become unreadable as static takes its place and the media itself falls apart , even memories are altered as ones perspective gradually changes .
in a short amount of time , more appeared in their place .
ted printed a plastic panel to cover the holotouch , leaving in its place a round button set in a rectangular box .
some tried to take his place , but no one spoke with his conviction .
typically , alphas do not remain so for long they are assassinated by rivals , who rise to take their place .
everyone looked at each other and remembered why they had stayed with her in the first place .
julieta and wallace sat up late with mrs . han , going over everything that had taken place .
the context had to slide back into place .
he d have to be sure that did nt take place .
they d come together over music in the first place , and it was still the thing that kept them together .
nah , if she really did nt want us here , she would nt have let us inside the in the first place .
to take my place , just as i succeeded mr . dorado thirty years ago .
in its place is a new unknown .
interestingly , many of those applications are simulations of biological processes which is precisely why masal attempted his takeover in the first place .
even wearing a common surcoat and breeches in place of his uniform , his military bearing was plain to see .
with his death i lost my husband and i have honored him by not allowing another to take his place .
ol swiggums made his place .
in place of accessories like flowerboxes or shutters to provide color and style , each of the homes was decorated with very colorful mosaic fanciwork made of many - sized stones and pebbles .
graciously he took his assigned place and the meeting that was to change the future of glorhumm commenced .
hillister added , we have no wish to take his place or choose his successor .
a great cheer went out but rheon responded not , taking her place at jasons side .
yes , i m being groomed to follow in my fathers footsteps , though it will be many years yet before i would even think of taking his place .
there was a good - sized audience applause as mcfarlan traded places with the moderator .
soon afterwards , the whirring of the engine had calmed , but in its place was a quiet yet constant buzz ; the buzz of a ship that had ceased ascending , and had started travelling forwards at quite an alarming pace .
just after i d been told that i would be sent to tharnon in place of langer , i had given myself night - vision , but then shortly after arriving back on earth , i deleted all the perks i had given myself as i did nt want to be arrested .
his pod contained no windows , and , in place of his eyes , sensors on the ship now fed visual information directly to his brain .
the solar system vanished , and the star - filled sky took its place .
the light still there , everything in its place .
it was a small victory as there were more of those things out there and another one just stepped into its place .
screwed over by a sociopaths brain trapped in a libertas body , which would have saved his life if folks like this sociopath had nt replaced him with robots in the first place .
what ll take our place , i do nt know .
i suppose you wan na know why i made the machine in the first place .
his plan was to wake up jack , who had agreed to take his place in the cockpit , once his insomnia had caught up with him .
his world was long gone and a new one had taken its place .
but with no other matter to merge with that could sustain his life , and the relatively small dose he had ingested in the first place , the starblood failed and daelons body imploded .
it was then that the natural order began to take place before her .
a filthy looking , long dark haired man , wearing a black leather jacket , whom he had never seen before , was standing in her place .
morn had no choice but to ask drellic to take his place , as salvations commander .
everywhere he traveled , he found hordes of citizens taking part in public prayer sessions , where the architects were practically worshipped as gods , in place of the fates .
he will be strong and one day take my place .
though archaic in nature , the ceremony still held its place .
for king hedron the experience was no different ; amethyst taking great joy in seeing her husband become even more youthful , raising caliban in preparation for him to one day take his place as lord of skyship arcadia .
but already another had arrived to take his place .
when i felt james reach his place by my side , we stared in silence at this dying world , seeing it clearly in all its intended but failed goodness for the very first , and very last , time .
i would have done anything to protect her , and if that meant dying in her place , then so be it .
threatening seriousness stood in its place .
the effectiveness of that glare was hindered by the smile that had taken its place on my lips again .
i even added to the discussion even though it was poking fun at the exercise i had suggested in the first place .
he indicated the two intricately designed leather chairs in front of the polished wooden desk behind which he was taking his place again .
elijah followed after me , shouting still about my promiscuity and stupidity , though those are terms too nice to put in the place of what he actually said .
i understood that he was frustrated because in his opinion , i was allowing myself to embrace naivety in place of a true grasp on the dangerous situation in which we had fallen when we had come seeking dons help .
as the fear assuaged , that rage i was becoming so comfortable with took its place .
and your mother , if she were here , would have learned her place very quickly .
he smirked at me , remind me to put in my will that if i should die , you may take my place .
he had angered them by taking more than a fair share to give to adam but even in their displeasure , they understood the necessity of appeasing the man who made dons vision possible in the first place .
because he was old enough to handle the emotional strain of seeing our second mother in such a state , i had not stopped elijah from taking his place at her bedside .
she took elijah 's place beside the bed .
as the despair assuaged , outrage took its place .
when the last of that blinding light died away , the sun resumed its place in the sky only to be assailed by the black smoke of the fallen city .
when one died , two others took its place .
the map vanished and in its place a thorough cataloguing of all the weapons and their serial codes started slowly crawling through the air in front of them .
team two in place , a voice said on the other end of the line .
team three in place , zurra announced .
when will we be in place ?
if he had , would someone else take her place as her liaison ?
in his place stood jester .
well , it can , but if i touch it to save it , it helps me remember i wrote down a message in the first place .
in its place appeared a headline to a news article .
the thick , bloody line around objects is now in place of the small little line .
the circular piece , still hangs , and i forgot it was even there in the first place .
there were other pac - nors , all lined up to take his place .
everybody else had slick ipods and smartphones , but nothing took the place of the tiny eight - gig wal - mart special shed had for years .
are your young top guns in place ?
now that he had put the na'ra master in his place , ren'ca coolly presented his ' suggestions ' to dow .
after only a few minutes , they were intercepted by a much faster fixed wing jet aircraft of the governor 's , which took the place of the helicopter .
before anyone else could react , the form of hank wavered and flowed , and suddenly there stood fen in his place !
` ` during the hike to meet you i talked him into switching places with me .
` ` i encountered and incinerated many of the nanobots , but many more grew back to take their place .
` ` when my other knights have been put in place and i have at last destroyed my rival quaxantos , your galactic league and all the multiverse will be at my tender mercy .
a new emperor was in place , the confederacy had a new leader after six cycles of indecision .
kerilac said , his confidence shaken , but his plans still somewhat in place .
out of the corner of his eye he saw a pirate get up from the corporal , only for another to take his place and begin thrusting roughly .
that was to be her place .
he did so , and a large man in black robes came out of his chambers and took his place .
what you have in place of the old hostilities are a whole lot of new problems to contend with .
he could see that the odds were now in their place and were holding phaser blasters , hand phasers and some small cannons .
we do nt communicate with slaves except to put them in their place .
with him had come a colony from the city of urartu on gildbatur numbering two thousand and a representative to take gildbatur 's place on the new federation council , formed by the treaty of the five worlds , signed only days before according to jerekkil 's ship log .
others had slowly grown ambitious , seeing themselves as demi - gods that might overthrow the elders and take their place .
i was thinking how gerryls talk of life cultures might make more sense to me if i imagined that someone had created and sent the seeds in the first place .
that was , of course , why sharru - kinu had dragged lugal - zaggisi there , to depose him and set himself up as ruler over ki - engi in the former kings place .
the elders had practiced similar means of coercion on other worlds , sending governors to rule in the place of the native leaders .
i imagine ill take my fathers place as kayrian ambassador to seynorynael someday .
at the same time , zadmchov had been aware of his duty to produce scions to assume his place , and that ectogenesis was not a socially acceptable alternative for the most elite of the hierarchy .
terrorist groups in nigeria purchased consumer - grade , four - rotor drones on the internet , slapped on biochemical disbursement packets in place of go pro cameras , and gassed an entire village with a lethal vapor from a distance of two hundred yards .
he called in one of the deep surf jet skis , told the driver to get onboard , took his place and twisted the throttle to full , taking off to join the search .
i came here ready to take the place of el sharrad if he was unable to fulfill his destiny .
stopping once more , he sat upright and breathed in deeply , then said , it has been written , if our leader el sharrad was unable to fulfill the delivery of our next attack on the soil of the heathens , then a surrogate was to take his place to guarantee allahs will be done !
curbal was one who held his place .
a physical action has to take place along with the opening of my mind and then we will forever share a connection .
take folseys place .
the empire failed to stay true to its charter , now a rival threatens to take its place .
likewise , the walnut wooden stand was missing , and in its place stood a beautiful , white marble stand with golden edging .
the captain was being groomed to take the generals place after he retired someday .
unbeknownst to the young girl , general leforges body now resided in time - stream storage , and master red had taken his place .
at first , kim doum foel had great doubts about taking his fathers place .
she thought about killing him and taking his place , but that presented two major problems .
started sniffin ' around eve and had to be put in his place .
they were about to take the place of utter beauty , and change it , soil it , ruin it .
coraline acted as if she deserved the awful accident , as if some force made it happen to her to make her atone for what really had nothing to do with coraline in the first place .
one weight was off her shoulders , while another took its place .
` ` one weight off , and other ten in its place , '' she said quietly .
so it was only just that in the very land of nimrod another royalty rose to take his place some centuries later .
this night , something inside clicked , the last capstone falling into place .
` ` okay , we 'll let muffy take your place . ''
where i was from , such things were unheard of , and when they were heard very rarely , the people speaking with such prejudice were promptly put in their places .
the urge to take a deep breath was undeniable after so long of holding it in , and i felt myself choking as water took the place of what i had so desperately prayed would be new , beautiful air .
it would still be physically in its place .
it is almost like one of our defenses against the danger that caused the alarm to begin shrieking in the first place fails , because the sound that was meant to alert us is too painful to hear , so we shut off our hearing .
the warmth that normally accompanied his kisses was absent , and the chill left in its place was jarring .
in his place was not a barbarous predator nor a mindless , lovesick , misguided sap ; he was suddenly a child .
they were tucked away for the night , and the sun had taken their place , but my eyes shot open , and i sat up , my heart having plummeted out of my chest .
he leaned over , for it is not my place , dear madam .
i added quickly , thinking that saying that would remove any awkwardness while simultaneously apologizing for asking in the first place .
the silence left in the place of the chaotic noise did not jar me , for once .
in place of them , you will have penny , savannah , rachel , joe , and once we find violet , nick , alice , and quinn , you will have them , too .
all that stood in their place was black soot and a few charred pieces of wood .
i put my complete faith in this young man , mr . broad staffnight , our new ceo , who will take my place and be a shining example to our companys continues success .
, but before the last time , we must have the object and its progenitor in full place .
we have the object in place .
what if we teach her not to walk into a snare trap in the first place ?
the star maps and gauges moved out of the way , and a list of applications came up in its place .
she looked back to the bar and noticed vj had disappeared , and a rather attractive blonde woman was in his place at the bar .
satarel was smaller than before and less radiant , but he took his place at the head of his army , now dwarfed by the new host of celestial beings .
in its place , peace prevailed .
she realized that every time he helped her , it was after he caused the trouble in the first place .
then his smile disappeared and a serious , pensive expression took its place .
i wanted to take the gun back with me , but i could nt because i did nt bring it in the first place .
i thought it was a simple plan , but next thing i know , my boy returns with a concussion and a metal pipe in place of the bolt cutters i sent with him .
nads went with dixan in your place .
since victors passing , dixan was the next - best archer and had taken his place .
as agonizing as it was on both occasions , i would have taken williyums place or axlors place if i could havebut such a verdict is necessary to maintain a sense of harmony and order among us .
as agonizing as it was on both occasions , i would have taken williyums place or axlors place if i could havebut such a verdict is necessary to maintain a sense of harmony and order among us .
and in both incidents , scott did actually beg the mzees if he could take the offenders place .
shumbalics feminine beauty dissolved and in its place morphed a monster .
three were not yet in their place : scott , dylain and sarah .
now that we have this being , peace must take its place .
you and your team will get into the androids during the loading of the software , taking its place .
in their place , a low altitude shot appears .
by taking the place of the software .
where the downs take the place of the scrub , whirling sand hides the view .
now , taryn if you would follow me to the auditorium , we can get this over with and put you back in your place .
besides , i m not handing myself over , i ' m going to trade places with laik .
tracker has a broken arm , and i put her nose back in place , devins nose was pretty smashed up , a few people had minor cuts , and one guy got grazed by a bullet , but i stitched it up .
` ` hmmand so just how many wars are taking place at the moment ? ''
it will take them time , many years i would think , to actually implement all of the changes , assuming of course that they can manage to agree to do so in the first place .
in her place was a small , blond , frail looking girl .
because the dream , jane , would be back in her place again next week .
` ` now that was done by utilizing our space - time technology , a science which you might describe , in its simplest form , as a far - reaching extrapolation of your einstein theories , and for which you would need several years of study to be able to understand it , peter , assuming , that is , that you were an accomplished physicist in the first place . ''
which was exactly what was already under way , albeit with a well - nigh insurmountable condition attachedgetting our birdbrains to agree on something in the first place , and in the second place getting them to do something about it .
attention command comm this is master sergeant grant harlin , under battle operations article twenty - one , i am taking affirmative action in the place of my absent commanding officer , command code six - six - one - zero , authorization code two - nine - nine - nova two - eight - alpha , new action : assume command of tiki squadron .
then as if to make the situation worse , i was forced to crowd the sky even more when you requested artillery support : support that would have been unnecessary , if i would have been allowed to send in the raptors in the first place .
despite his desire to return his body and existence to regular life , he had to rest his body before any other energy , social or military took its place .
the nurses told me that your grandmother thanked me and took my place .
i would nt lose my place to her .
the pain faded and in its place , pleasure once again filled my every cell .
i landed with a thud on the ground , firmly securing the towel around my fins as my legs appeared in their place .
i raised my hand to shield my eyes as he opened the storage compartment and pulled out an extra helmet and shoved his bag in its place .
almost instantly , our fins retracted , leaving pale , bare legs in their place .
championing robotic identity would allow harmony to thrive , but too many abhorred the notion of upgrading ourselves to be replaced with better versions , making humans obsolete for the soulless children spawned to take our place .
` ` no ; he says that it 's our fault that she died and we have to take her place . ''
` ` what does that mean , ' take her place ' ?
after about 3 mouthfuls she handed the box to a nurse and took her place working on my pilot .
but , when i could see again , it was my brother tommy standing there in his place '' he nodded at walt .
on the west coast where both lashonda and topher had grown up , human buildings had largely fallen into disrepair and either been knocked down for smaller , more appropriately sized buildings in their place or become abandoned ghost towns .
` ` nelly was very brave taking your place on friedan isle . ''
the internet was heavily censored and the media was clever to ensure information made available to the public would keep them in their place .
they were mounted above the cage and pointed downward , and in place of their trigger assemblies were a series of pneumatic plungers .
i managed to think of the ultra - ray , and got to the garage door before i remembered what i had left my room for in the first place .
you ' ve been chasing the ace and came in second place ! ''
its the kind an owner would recognize which is why it was doubly stupid for me to take it in the first place .
` ` alliteration took the place of rhyme in that early poetry .
the fortunes of faction torre were declining due to bad weather on a core faction planet and mismanagement , a new plan was needed to restore the proper order and put the others in their place and welk torre already had preliminary approval .
stepping back and bowing again he returned to his place .
the aruk rides were singled minded , when one died another quickly filled it place .
i think we can assume he will meet with this woman , therefore we should try to push the attacks harder as soon as we can , we do not know what he will agree to , we might have to hold in place .
as each unit was repaired another would take its place , most of the repairs were temporary at best , but the unit was needed to act as a blocking force .
in daily and sometimes hourly negotiations with the secretary of state and commerce new agreements were being put into place .
for the economy , emergency stop gap measures were in place .
in addition we will need to make sure the republican party is put firmly in place .
their home was gone , and in its place a desolate nightmare remained .
away went her fear , and in its place an odd calm washed over her as she looked down to the boy who clutched at her .
personally , i used to own the top fifth , but since king leo has come to power , i have been placed below him until he is confident i can take his place again . ''
` ` yeah , i know , but that still means you 're the next in line to take king pen 's place . ''
i want her to take my place . ''
the pieces were falling into place by this point .
i d take a sore throat in place of exhaustion any day .
he blasted them , one after another , but every time one fell to the ground , another took its place .
luckily , the gypsies had escaped the dungeon somehow , but they would nt have been imprisoned at all if it had nt been for gabriel bringing them to court in the first place .
it was nt his place to judge on short discrepancies .
` ` and how long do you survive if you require new humans to take your place ? ''
the nostalgia that had suddenly washed over rapidly dissipated , and an overwhelming fear took its place .
kaia asked as the gears in her brain began to click into place .
` ` but apparently he is dead and my brother has to ensure there are no living heirs before assuming his place on the throne .
but without those cameras we would not have seen what took place .
you can not barter on how this takes place .
yep , i ' ve heard from him and we have a plan in place .
amy took her share , and , even though there was nt room , dropped into the place between me and samir .
dragging the boy on the rug was much easier and she almost wanted to hit herself for not thinking of using the rug to get him to the house house in the first place .
it was only after the project had begun and shaw had taken his father 's place at the head of the galaxy that shaw realized the subject was a perfect solution for many of the other problems that the gpf had as well .
we can use the training data from the first subject along with live trainers in place of the masters . ''
i realized that i 'd over stepped my bounds as a student and now master miller was going to go all out and put me back in my place .
` ` no , hybrid or not he is still only a child and should learn his place . ''
i knelt down and dug a scoop of dirt and placed the feather inside and buried it in place of the immortals themselves .
hurrying to take her place to receive the late comers , branwen felt an odd stirring at the sight of a familiar figure .
the people remaining in the vessel came out and could not find xisurthrus , but they did hear his voice telling them to search out the buried knowledge at sippara , in order for the entire world to know what had taken place .
in the truth of things , if charles could , he would have switched places with her childhood so he could spare her from it .
at the simple snap of his fingers , time froze solid in its place .
in its place was a voice one that was very familiar .
she begrudgingly let him take her place , snatching her bowl from my hand , just as careful not to spill .
because when you act like this , when you actually think doing something to help me will completely change our history , i ca nt help but question what your intentions were in the first place .
but if you force yourself to rewrite over those bad memories with the good ones , and keep playing that image in place of the one you were thinking before , then you can have that moment in the present , instead .
each floor had something different in place of the theatre .
when one fell , another climbed up and took his place .
in their place , stood a titanic elemental of stone .
she took her place at the head of the iron company , the most highly trained and mightiest heavy infantrymen on the flaness .
one day maztars unit would be ahead , than alanns would take their place .
as soon as he turned to leave another man had jumped up , ready to come take his place .
well then , well put the new pricing measures in place .
in other places , people used to have mock battles , or horse races in place of actually beating each other up .
riley stored it in its place among her other meagre possessions .
suddenly , many things about him snapped into place .
i thought another doctor would take my place , continue the experiment , but it was halted .
i accepted my place .
its about time marcus got put in his place .
there is applause and corith steps back , cc takes his place .
in her place , flying downhill , was a huge brindle bull .
he told me that if it had n't been for another prisoner in the same transport , letting him take his place to leave , he would have been killed . ''
when cap visits them , gimmir is his superior officer , and a formal recognition of that authority transfer takes place .
travel restrictions in place .
contents chapter ten spiritwind had laid out all the components of his crisp butty , including mayonnaise in place of butter .
he did n't wait for an answer and proceeded to pour four gentle cycles : they offered the sensation of hot chocolate in place of bones , gently circulating and tricking the mind in to thinking everything was slightly to the left of where it usually is .
bozo and schmuk , who were endlessly fascinated by the space hoppers , remained outside as another plan fell effortlessly in to place .
` ` no we are not good , we just know what 's better for evil than these two incompetent chancers , but to take their place we have to get rid of them . ''
suddenly everything seemed to click into place .
fortunately , he had the chilly night air and the company of his thoughts in place of sleep .
tonight , however , banshee had taken her place .
` ` the protectors will soon be in place .
jax slipped out of the pilot 's seat , switching places with him .
how gaultier wished he could take her place .
everything we have waited for is falling into place . ''
the one who is to put death in its place , fathered by evil itself !
` ` we have better measures in place , gaultier . ''
` ` it 's because of karaine these security measures are now in place .
i took your place when you were banished .
` ` i claimed you long ago , my child , '' lucian took gaultier 's place in hanileh 's eyes .
the woman who took your place .
the precog said you had to be in place , part of the council , by the end of the year .
if you think your life was so miserable and you ca nt get over how deprived you were , maybe you could consider switching places with galahad .
there 's a dust devil still swirling in its place . ''
that s when the last piece fell into place .
all that was necessary was for me to take their places on the destiny .
in its place were white lines that crisscrossed over one another , like lightning frozen in time , all branching from a single point , roots that found purchase in the air .
i was going to be trained and eventually take my place as a royal . > there was murmuring .
in its place was the meridian , ready to descend .
each time aki caught a glimpse of vijera , the lady would turn and disappear , leaving only a shadow in her place .
in their place stood another pile of metal in the same color , but arranged into thin , triangular flaps on the floor .
in its place , a shockwave of gravity rippled throughout normal space , shaking even the aurelius .
the underside of the disk was a mirror image of the top , but in the place of the forest was dull metal .
a large swath of the automated fighters were vaporized in the flash of heat and light , but for each that fell two more came to take its place .
in their place were three javelin - class warships that emerged simultaneously .
for every camera the fighters melted , another would appear to take its place .
argus snapped off a branch as it lunged forward , but for every branch he destroyed another came to take its place .
the ship veered to the side as she stuck her hands in his place .
in its place was a man , radiant and young .
in its place is only the cement slab and the bench .
it has the basic shape of a large watch , only in place of a face with hands , it has a series of concentric rings that appear to be capable of movement .
in their place is nothing but a charcoal blackness .
we might even be able to figure out what causes the fire in the first place , and stop it .
in place of mr . camerons backyard is a residential neighborhood on a cul de sac .
in its place is a mass of wires and a six - inch metal box with an antenna sticking out .
but maybe just that knowledge that you failed would be enough to dissuade you from going back to try to save them in the first place , causing the very thing to happen that you were hoping to avoid .
and that was the day when it all went so wrong , the relevance of the actions which took place were of the utmost importance as to why i have become who i am .
eventually after the old mans anger had dissipated , enthusiasm now took its place .
my role of chef was over ; my place a comatose victim had come to an end .
she requested lord dirk , the first noble in her place .
another dump truck lumbered up to take his place , and he pushed the questions out of his mind as he began filling the box .
the love and peace that emanated from the man seemed to flow all around him as he walked forward , and when he and the young man had finished speaking , ira walked away and another took his place .
she found herself fascinated by it and soon he began to take her place at the bellows or hold a cherry red piece of steel while she shaped it with the hammers .
certain laws are now in place .
my house was gone and in its place we found the first foundations being laid for a slate factory to work the materials dug from a new mine opened three miles to the south .
in one of the pouches was a photograph , which reminded me for the first time in several days the reason i 'd come here in the first place .
somebody might take my place . ''
the man to my right - a young faced volunteer , was shoved backwards leaving a bloody vapour in his place .
sagell act as leader in her place until were stable enough to elect a new one .
i suppose being the guardians leader means he has to keep his emotions hidden and allow logic and sense to rule him in the place of feeling and passion .
some questions may have been answered but a hundred more have sprung up in their place .
i sit straight as i was taught to , long ago , by my aunt in place of my mother , and i wait for the guardian ally i m meeting .
saga steps down from the statue with a gesture to honour to take his place .
sandra knew the time transition was about to take place !
if moricron failed , who would take his place ?
she was carrying on research over the inexplicable deaths , learning what exactly took place to each deceased person an hour or two before they were discovered dead .
i mean honestly , why did he even bother to come after me when he ought to have stuck to his wife in the first place ?
one of the creatures had extra eyes that took the place where a normal mouth should have gone .
in place of the darkness were a million blank faces .
finally a set of double eyes took the place of the tongue .
tal - sen elected to follow alongside cis to ensure that he stayed in place .
not a single noise was uttered as the writer took his place , and began to unwind a scroll .
jeremy turned to the spot where his parents should have been and in their place was just a scruffy looking book laying open in the middle of the floor .
you wo nt be lecturing in his place .
adam was starting do regret suggesting the aforementioned prank to ben in the first place , though not so much as he was wondering how they rebuilt that monstrous truck inside a storage locker .
i had to stick ben crane the not - so - brilliant in my place to teach a seminar on alexander the great , alice gave a stifled giggle when she heard h - b say that .
that idea was fairly disappointing , but accepted that he should not have let his little crush get his hopes up in the first place .
hart knew this , it was the reason she had been sent out in the first place .
while that process took place the enhanced genetic healing was sufficient to allow for the next part , where our heads were separated at the base of the skull .
the lurchers , forgetting why they d bitten at the tree in the first place , turned and ambled toward the robinsons .
while his aches and pains receded , in their place came an itch on the small of his back that he always felt whenever he went too long without a shower .
she took her place walking in front of one robot , while keeping pace behind another .
that all changed when a powerful group of governors pushed aside a weak council of governance and established their own alliance , putting in place their own code of laws .
your ship will be taking the place of one of the last ships to survive .
two smaller frigates soon took its place .
you might try returning some of your policies to those that were in place then , and at the same time shed some of those leeches that are attached to your treasury .
the digital information lock - out protocol remains in place today .
new production equipment was erected in its place .
when you cut off the head , a new one would grow in its place , but it took time .
instead a large and useless hearth and fireplace took its place .
but they were gone , and in place instead was a partition door .
however , rest assured that there was always a plan in place , and from my understanding of these orders , our mission can still be accomplished with little further cost unless our spy has more surprises planned for us , magen parried .
damoclus advanced a step , in this action , the high marshal annihilated the esstons force encamped there fine , he would have done the same anyway , except with the blood of terranchi ... that is more or less how he put it ... i m sure , but lets look at it again what if in its place we simply pitch the entire esston military force versus the blood of seatons ?
are you really prepared to let someone else who will take your place ?
maybe it is all my own folly , he touched the burn on his cheek , or maybe i have been put in place , and inspired !
i do not engage them on such matters , once again i will not shatter the dreams of others without a solid dream of my own to take their place , which i do not have , just inklings , just sensations .
when i had been in her place , i was left alone .
is n't there someone else willing to take my place ?
the mirage withdrew slowly backwards out the line while the two ships to its right closed in leftwards to cover its place as they faced the opposing frigates .
like a masterwork armor hauberk it kept the middle in its place .
that element then no longer is there to exist later on in time , so other elements take up its place in space .
in its place was a chaotic scattering of glass fragments spinning away in every direction , like tiny diamonds .
suddenly things were falling into place .
with all the council members who have passed on in battle , should n't you take someone 's place ?
even a faint whimper in place of a laugh was too much .
it was nt quite as if they simply changed places , but as though the language was writhing in pain and suffering as it moved .
when he had been removed , maul would take his place .
darth maul can then take his place as rightful ruler of the sith leadership .
do that and others might rise to take their place .
ravno felt there should be some action he could take , but that particular thought brought him back to thinking about what he wanted in the first place , and he got the burning milk taste again in the bottom of his throat .
yet , this one was different ; its flowered head had switched places with its right shoulder .
i myself shall abdicate the throne , and abolish it forevermore , just as soon as i am fully satisfied that these reforms are firmly in place .
in its place were two sentences .
a circular hatch was in place of a door , and ilisa climbed through as the hatch screeched closed .
he made squalling sounds in the place of words .
he could nt have contrived that suffering on himself : not just the telescoping of time but the way the supposedly resurrected people looked : that paper whiteness of their faces , those circles of blackness in the place of eyes , the wild jerking way they moved .
part of the pleasure came from the way i was able to get back into my ten - year - old mind , taking at face value the lightweight lithographed world , that colorful paper conspiracy of silence against the real world like the two - rouble moscow subway in the place of gulags or ten - penny cuddly kiwis instead of slaughtered maoris , etc .
maybe the reason i took so long deciding on the right present was that buying it would have put an end to shopping and in its place what would time have been filled with ?
the fourth goes in the kitchen , in the place of the refrigerator which jw lets hanna push out of the way unaided .
a strange contraption of gears and metal had been strapped to his arm in place of his left hand .
a mechanical contraption of medieval appearance had been fitted in place of his missing left hand .
on either side of the street a line of rubble , both timber and stone , had taken the place of the buildings .
it was like a missing part of my mind fell back into place and everything was as it should have been .
for every one of the creatures shot down another three were waiting to take its place .
` ` some respect would not be out of place . ''
taking the place of a revolving chamber and adding a bit more punch to each shot fired .
that soldier was killed in our place .
too late , he was the one who made sure the information reached alexis in the first place .
marc showed up in his place and he was angry .
fire seems to take its place as she jumps forward with her hands outstretched .
her forehead begins to sweat and she feels the confident her slip into place once again .
in its place is a mask .
in its place , there materialised a large three - dimensional schematic of what appeared to be a city .
he was never disposed to fear , but he was , at that moment , overcome by something far more profound than mere terror , such that of his former interest as to who this mas was died away instantly , and in its place came a new , more fearful question : why are we here ?
the canyon to the northwest ebbed away and in its place surfaced a long and high protuberance of black dunes .
the droog had been flipped over and the three rear sections of the vehicle were gone ; a gaping hole of twisted metal cinders and a wall of smoke in their place .
the image of the sapphire - eyed woman disappeared and another took its place .
another figure came forward and stood in his place .
a diffuse light over the bar counter took the place of the light of day .
he then lowered his arms and stepped to his left as the master dive shifter took his place .
in their place , steffor flew past one grungy settlement after another , gutted into bark and branch nearest the trunk with little thought or care to beauty or the provider .
` ` the world i knew before no longer exists and i now question all that has taken its place .
but the forging ceremony is close at hand and if i am to take my rightful place , i must join the other chosen by the end of our short journey .
a reactive shudder ran down steffors tense body as the final pieces started to fall in place .
in its place was a storm of rage and hate that startled antone with both its abruptness and strength .
assuming , steffor thought with heavy heart , he chose to stay where he stood and not take his rightful place with the other chosen .
in their place , he contemplated vejax 's open - ended questions in earnest .
` ` is everyone in place ? ''
in their place , she wore a tailored lab coattypically reserved for rare public appearancesover a stylish white blouse , a pencil skirt stopping just above the knee and chunky heals .
in its place was a fresh growth of wood and bark .
in its place loomed a wooden monolith .
upon my arrival , he delegated me to take his place with instructions to recruit any others coming from the outer regions and estuaries .
* * * * * i send you in my place steffor so that we may all return .
the red team sf which was now what the old red team was called , would move guys up within their ranks to take their places and then receive six new recruits from the training program to fill the gap .
two more ships were put into production and the plans continued to be put in place .
as the battle started the system would track their ships as they moved into position and then when they reached their starting point the place holder would go away and the tracking data from the ship would be in its place .
the last obstacles were put in place , that meant it was time to move into phase three .
the javelins that had been left behind would take their place and they would return to earth with the rest of the fleet .
with the ships and their exit strategy in place the teams used transports to take them to the meeting spot .
no doubt clutching that pathetic gun will give you some comfort , more than i would in its place .
all the visible windows were missing and in their place were steel bars filled with hanging gardens of lush green .
send me in your place .
jim decreed , if anything happens to me , jack will take my place and everyone will follow his lead .
just send me in your place , hatchet begged .
you could ve sent someone else with us in your place .
the bioengineers designed it that way to prevent anyone from deactivating it in the first place or any injury from breaking it on accident .
when the trolley system was put in place about eight years ago , these tunnels were scavenged for materials , with many subway cars retrofitted to be made into trolley cars .
nes smiled lightly , nodded , and she let him go with a look of worry taking its place alongside her fear .
it was too slack in its place to apply the necessary pressure with the club now , so he swam away from the wall a bit .
one of them tried to get on , and dastou stared at him , shook his head , and halted the stranger in his place .
she had only then just realised that with penelope gone , the charismatic lord would be taking her place .
the final piece of the puzzle was put into place .
either he knew exactly what they were saying or felt it was not in his place to ask them what they were saying .
we jussst want inforrrmation , ghoad said in the place of nikhita .
time to take my place on the panel , i suppose .
he looks at me as if he 's forgotten we had the gall to invite them in the first place .
i will do as you ask '' ` ` you cultivate molly mcbride to take her place as a member of your cohort .
` ` my place is with you at the hospital , moll . ''
even if he had to take her place .
everyone falls into place .
your dopples will now take your place and will be captured !
her body shimmered , then faded from view , her place taken by the man who had held atsu in his mesmeric grip at the trap .
phil invited mitch to take ayanna 's place in the academy .
platoon - d , and the hq squad took their place in the fort .
the force took their places as planned .
when war had struck , nearly all of them had returned home before the blockade was fully in place .
she 'd be queen of crete within a month and worshipped in place of aphrodite within two .
in its place was an ashen black figure naked from the waist up .
all i could hear in its place was the nearflows skirling .
a manned pulser cannon swiveled on the ships bow in place of the old gun platform .
seconds later , they all switched places .
arianne was herself startled by the mouse , only to be startled again by having her body glitched back into place .
the bruises he and his brother had received from that first fight had faded , but a complete intolerance for senseless aggression had taken their place .
someone will take my place , perhaps you kaelyn , jayden retorted .
another soldier , apparently as confused as him moved in to take his place , but he too disappeared .
however , there was nothing he could do for him in this state other than take his place at the front as planned , and wait .
but even if that works , you will just take her place .
with you gone , my plan will fall back into place .
then they would switch places and continue .
they watched as the final chiling took its place amongst the others .
you stand here before me with the amulet of rhol wrapped around your scrawny neck and think you , a mere mortal , can take elissas place .
it was n't until i found out about estar and masal that all the pieces fell in place .
however , rome 's demonstration of her superior mental talents put it in its place .
and our universe may end some day in the big crunch but another universe will spring from our ashes to take our place .
dr . keppler sat down , satisfied to have put james in his place .
that s ben franklins place .
so you show up and all of a sudden there s a new team in place ?
all of that was gone , and in its place my voice trailed off into silence as i tried to remember .
the other ships deferred because it was dad who made the trip possible in the first place .
blow one up , and there s another one ready to take his place .
fibonacci thought the arabic numeral system with the digit zero was much easier to use compared to the roman numeral system already in place in europe .
in its place , a green gem revealed itself .
because you need to understand and accept that all things will not fall in place the way you want them to in life .
evander met derigors eyes across the table , and knew both of them were thinking the same thing : that finding and capturing a bunch of harmless stray mystics in the inner spectrum had been the biggest concern for them until something far deadlier swooped in to take its place .
his one remaining eye twitched as he remembered the incident from a night so similar to this one the incident that had taken his other eye , and left a gash across his face in place of it .
and everything would fall in place by itself .
or you ll be sorry you called me in the first place .
any other person from an order of peacekeepers would have acted very differently , in her place two years back .
were taking a rather unnecessary risk by plunging into another voyage across the spectrum with the crystal to get it to nalzes when we ve had a tough time getting it in the first place .
when he removed his hand , the bulky table like object had disappeared in a bright flash of light and in its place , sitting on the floor , was a miniature model of it .
the train of events of the past day or so would have rattled anyone else in his place .
the other one spun about just in time to take the place of his companion and brought his blazing sword in a heavy sideways slash at ion .
the zelgron crumpled and fell , but another from the batch of seven took his place .
and in their place now stood five giant robots with broad , lanky shoulders and hefty builds .
it had the giant body of a spider , with the torso of a human stretching in place of the head .
and in place of where he stood , a slight whirl of wind remained , leaving a pale coloured mist leaking .
god only knows where adam and janna are , or even if they re still alive , but brynna is out there , and she is being kept away from us , but you can bet your ass that if your places were reversed , she would be fighting tooth and nail to get our people out of harms way .
when i was younger , and i would be released from school , and all the math that was far too simple ( i could run calculations in my head with letters in place of numbers and with strange symbols i had seen in an old textbook my teacher , mrs . rose , kept locked away in a secret compartment under her desk , symbols that looked like this , among many others ) and the writing prompts that required us to summarize passages from the light texts or write what gifts from the one god we were most thankful for had fled from my mind , i would lie under my favorite tree , the old oak that stood taller than all the other trees around it , and dream for hours what i would do if i had infinite freedom .
i kid you not , this man , who was telling me with very little discretion , to screw adam until a child had been put into my womb , flinched slightly at my mention of the biological process which would make the implantation of that child possible in the first place .
penny replied enthusiastically , one time , we were out on the back porch , cuz we used to have these huge cookouts where all our friends would come over to eat , and tom and i built a big one on the table , but then the wind blew , and it fell , and we laughed , cuz it was so silly to build it outside in the first place .
someone had cleaned up the rubble , and in its place , people had left flowers , cards , stuffed animals , incense , candles , and as a pangaean custom , four torches , two on each side of the memorial , to represent the four - armed one god .
after i had gotten two hours of sleep , tristan and i had traded places ; i sat by lucys side , and he went into my room to sleep .
all he needed was a screwdriver to hammer into the ignition , pop the cylinder , and then start it , but he had neither the screwdriver or a way to get it into the ignition in the first place .
he gladly accepts it in place of the long , rusty pipe he was previously set to do battle with .
despite the fact that i m operating on very little sleep , adrenaline is pumping through my veins and its not likely to stop until i know we ve got some kind of plan to rescue olivia in place .
the meek scholar is gone and in his place is a man in love protecting his woman even if she is a stubborn bitch with ice in her veins .
the eyes are still wide and blue but the innocence is gone and in its place is the gleam of a jaded girl , one who has seen and been through entirely too much to retain any sense of naivet .
now this boy here is going to whip you several times today and then another boy will take his place tomorrow .
in the white ash is found a perfectly white seed that is planted in its place to grow and rejuvenate the forest once again , tanya replied .
there is a law in the book of truth , which states that one who is close to the accused may stand in her place .
i now invoke that law and take the place of tanya .
you ca nt take my place sister .
the next wave came and tom discharged his pistol dropping one man only to have two more appear in his place .
revenge in this case would be out of place .
trying to appear nonchalant as if killing giant ape - men single - handed was an everyday occurrence , i stood there daring anyone else to take their leader 's place .
but we could nt live without the big screens , keyboards and monitors that took the place of plain human interactions .
but i believe that all of the terrorist allies were ready and in place when this began .
i told him that he could go in my place , but he did nt want to spend time with jackson alone .
i radioed for mark to come and take my place .
find someone to take your place on phase two , or prong two , whatever you are calling it , of the house to house survivor search .
now that we were rolling ahead , i needed to have plans in place .
i would like you to take the place of billy as team leader .
terror and fascination warred in its place .
that man , anthem , told me that the sisterhood is gone , but i want to see what 's taken their place . ''
that 's hells of a lot more than most would ' ve done in your place .
it would be advisable to hire another man for our crew , to take korleys place .
his stomach had been torn open , and in place of his left arm was nothing but a dripping stub .
` ` do you have any idea why a combat medic was not chosen in your place ? ''
it does n't matter to me , as long as after three hours , there are two more to take our place . ''
` ` i ' m just glad they decided to send us an escort in the first place , '' rice said .
` ` i 'll agree with that , but for the short of things , we were put back into place to combat the european alliance .
i decided to sit back and strategize a little , but rather than come up with anything useful , i could only seethe about the doublee breaking the pact in the first place .
they would have placed absolute value on those scrolls or else they would n't have risked stealing them in the first place .
as soon as i was out of rounds , roberts stepped into my place , employing the same tactic .
it was relieving to not have to go at it solo , but very worrisome that we needed it in the first place .
sometimes , no amount of firepower can take place of physical abilities .
in fact , it 's very likely that this was the reason for his being chosen for the mission in the first place . ''
after a short wait , general tipton emerged from his quarters and took his place at the podium .
he continued to read an article said to be the kings words as if the king himself wrote it like an editorial talking about times being hard due to technology troubles and troubles with the weather hitting the united states along with talking about the past ancient earth history about how the humans in space in an orbiting space station regrouped after a disaster of an asteroid hit earth causing devastation and destruction despite failed attempts to destroy the asteroid which the current planetary world terra wound up forming in its place .
he felt the sinking feeling of the quicksand stop as the earth he felt became hard as stone as he lowered his hands and continued walking forwards only to halt hearing ` ` admit it jinks you have godlike abilities i do n't have which you have despite humans not displaying it before the disaster hit earth forming the world terra in its place .
i should have thought smartly on solving my problem instead of what i wound up doing in the first place . ''
if you wanted to survive in this galaxy , you soon learnt fear had its place .
no matter how many he attacked , more took their places .
i could have died in her place ?
` ` i appreciate the effort but our procedures will remain in place . ''
the prosecutor resumed her place behind the lectern .
the cylon flowed over their heads and resumed his place behind the table , though it did n't sit .
either from their artificial bodies or in place of them , it did n't matter .
` ` at least the new download protocols are in place , '' metis said .
i prayed for the opportunity to take his place .
despite the many obstacles in their place the group trudged on as best they could , for unless they wanted to give way to the shackle or the sword it was the only option left available for them .
its nest was gone , in its place a large hole .
mike indicated that this was acceptable , and jondreau looked relieved to have someone in place immediately .
the newer construction changed , and old bricks , in place for centuries , replaced the concrete .
max pulled a small computer out of his backpack , set it on the bar top , and touched a button , making a holographic display rise up in the place of where the screen of a 21st century earth laptop 's would have been .
bagatelle locked ali down , with strict orders to not reveal that they even had him in the first place .
my son was to take his place by my side , and is dead due to your incompetence .
in its place were jagged hills and deep chasms .
as much as it should have been doctor codon in her place , she was glad it was her .
in its place was a gaping crater filled with grey flesh and brown ooze .
juna had looked the same way when the director at the space center mentioned that she could refuse this mission if she wanted to and allow another astronaut to take her place .
jay seemed especially aggravated that the persistent young man had been able to get a message to him in the first place .
which means we are likely going to have to carry out our plans alone , nasiir added from his place by badru .
if one country went over the line , another country or a group of other countries , or the united nations came together , passed a resolution and bombed the perpetrating country back in its place .
so we left him in place .
` ` as a matter of fact , '' he said , ` ` the guy across the street ripped the tach off in the first place .
not what i am , he thought , or what i know was supposed to take place here today , but this chick - she put my head back together , got all three of us out .
she drifted upward , carried by the warm wind of the intercessor ... the smoky red light fell behind and in its place , to her right , she saw a powerful , unflickering , yellow light .
and how easily they had taken place .
my place is with raissta .
in the dome , only yimot , at the solarscope , had kept his place .
she looked up at him , the laughter gone , blazing anger in its place .
it has to come down to a series of holding actions and eventually be settled by negotiations that might just as easily have been worked out in the first place .
` ` and with the new government in place , what am i to do ?
anton scowled and for more than just a moment the pleasantness was gone from his face , and only a tight , white anger flashed in its place .
the man at the calculating machine took his place at the sub - etherics .
their place was taken by space - suited members of the local militia who fought bravely , but were no match for the professionals of the pirate fleet .
had grant 's hand remained in place , the thin hole would have been in his thumb .
reid took carter 's place at the window .
cora took his place , and then grant .
if we could do that , we would have been able to probe into it for the clot in the first place .
our histories tell us that in ancient days an occasional lucky sprite managed to take the place of a man - larva at birth so that he might draw off the liquid fresh - made .
and they remained there , staring , feeling the world shrink down to the dimensions of an experimental rat cage - with the maze removed and something , something about to be put in its place .
it is doubtful if the gurrow groupings had ever before seen a community venture of such breadth as now took place .
the government that had made war and peace resigned , but there was no one , really , to take their place .
but then , abruptly , her annoyance dissolved and empathy took its place .
` ` would you be , in his place ?
and why , miss fellowes wondered , had marianne levien been interested in the job in the first place ?
he no longer had any of the skills that a neanderthal needed to have , and in their place he had acquired a great many new skills that were absolutely worthless in the neanderthal world .
so i fail to see what purpose would be served by your taking him back and giving me some other robot in his place . ''
it was not a real issue : the petition had been filed in the name of andrew martin in the first place .
a little more criticism of the irrational human attitude toward robotics , and toward science in general , might not have been out of place .
in truth , paul , it is the reason i began all this biological research in the first place . ''
officially , hallam had come in on that fateful morning , noticed the dusty gray pellets gone - not even the dust on the inside surface remaining - and clear iron - gray metal in their place .
i will not choose to report any messages i get in place of the tungsten and to that extent i will be breaking the research - code .
morrison had entered the hushicopter - though that is not an accurate description of what took place .
and left a mere vacuum of non - sensation in its place .
in fact , it would be impossible to induce miniaturization in the first place , since the energy crammed into the miniaturizing object would leak away at once .
- ah , you see , it is taking place , just as it did in the previous cases where we had to branch off .
i was involved in some sort of miniaturization transfer in place of heat transfer .
as horatio watched , another flyer sealed up and launched through the great accessways , up toward ground level and the sky beyond , its place taken by another ship almost before the first had cleared the loading zone .
first , i want you to run it from that time with everyone still in place .
alternately , the fight provides the excuse for the guards being drawn off , as they were already suborned in the first place .
simply on an economic level , i can not afford to order the new law robots destroyed and their places taken by three - law robots .
and suddenly , in a moment like a piece dropping itself into place in the puzzle , he knew .
the look of calm imperturbability vanished , and a deeply troubled expression took its place .
had anything , anyone , taken the old davlo 's place , or was he just an empty shell of a man , going through the motions ?
another piece in place !
i suggested that your son go in your place .
he left red splotches in the flesh around them , then restored the glasses to their place , blinking at baley from behind them .
16 the room that baley left was a spare one : several chairs , a chest of drawers , something that looked like a piano but had brass valves in the place of keys , some abstract designs on the walls that seemed to shimmer with light .
if mind - freeze is to take place , it takes place at once .
if mind - freeze is to take place , it takes place at once .
i will have additional helpings of anything you do like brought in its place . ''
giskard , perhaps reluctantly ( baley could not interpret the expression on his not - quite - human face ) , gave in and took his place at the controls .
in studying society , we place human beings in the place of subatomic particles , but now there is the added factor of the human mind .
` ` i regret this and i will do what i can , but my only fault was in allowing this man to come upperside in the first place . ''
` ` no one 's taken my place .
would you permit me to see him in your place ? ''
probably if he had the power and took over demerzel 's place or even the imperial throne itself , he would feel disappointed because the game would be over .
and would he send an idiot like sergeant thalus in his place ? ''
we have n't even gotten the framework in place .
twenty minutes passed before nee returned with the corporal who had arrested raych in the first place .
` ` perhaps you can plead illness and send someone in your place . ''
he , too , wants to come with me - or , rather , to go in my place .
i wonder how many people on trantor are willing to take my place , '' he added with clear sarcasm .
` ` most of this , general , is taking place in the project complex , but the rest of the university is involved .
dors said , ` ` your desires and your orders and your plans all take second place to your safety .
she said , ` ` you went on to talk to dr . seldon about his forthcoming meeting with the general and urged him - rather pressingly - to let you take his place and run the risks that might follow .
of what use would it be for me to try to to get rid of dr . seldon and dr . amaryl in order to take my place as director ?
but having a deoxyribonucleic acid molecule stretching out for billions of nucleotides , with every purine and pyrimidine in its place , is the least of it ; the very least of it , professor seldon .
and what will take its place ?
` ` and once i adjusted the figures here , the terminus equation fell into place as well .
i have n't been ready to elaborate upon it until now , because until this moment , all the pieces have not been in place .
that this one - out - of - eight chance did not take place was surely due to mayor branno .
it occurred to him that things might just possibly be falling into place .
if you ' ve ever seen a slide show , you 'll know what happens when one slide is suddenly projected in place of another .
go on to place of scowlers .
` ` be it very fine like and rich in place of scowlers ? ''
` ` i once dreamed i be in place .
he had been able to use his mentalics in a simple way to enhance his natural intuitive ability ( that natural ability had been why he had been recruited in the first place , he was sure ) and , in this way , to prove himself a star at hyperspatial pursuit .
consequently let me take your place .
something hungry , confident , and unrepentant took its place .
the image of that enormous , demonic thing that had crouched in the mercenary 's place loomed with a terrible clarity in my head .
the old wood of the cross - tie was marked with a sliver of focus , looking out of place here among the stains of darklings .
` ` it seems like begging for trouble to plan for our victorious departure before we know if we can get there in the first place , '' i said .
` ` exactly what am i supposed to do with it if it is not my place to choose the sword 's bearer to the best of my ability ? ''
the fever dream was gone but in its place was her own memory .
everything in its place , witch .
bellonda stared at her as they exchanged places .
would n't you have done the same in my place ?
i am not suited to take your place . ''
this ... this child , not even conceived on that day , knew what had taken place in exact detail , the kind of detail which could only be known to someone who had been there .
` ` they listen as i would listen in their place .
a nurse took his place , and then , at last , a doctor .
` ` we all have to wear it before the world can end and a new world take its place .
it seemed to him that fay hume had gotten herself involved with him because her husband was dying and she wanted to be sure that , when he did die , she would have another man to take his place .
she 'd like to have me in his place .
the girls would miss him , but again nat would take his place .
the case went on to its end , and then a second one , very similar , took its place , with new women and a new attorney .
and no hair - in its place , small slugs , much like the one he just saved me from , slide slowly around his skull .
once it was gone , there was going to be only sick worry and fear left in its place .
not my place to tell her who she should see . ''
i was n't sure i would have done as well in his place .
that hideous pressure began to surge against my thoughts again , but this time i was ready for it , and my defenses fell into place more quickly , more surely .
in its place i could see a dimly lit , gutted building .
she let luccio gut her and then switched places with her ! ''
morgan took her place .
the original car may have been blue , but now it had pieces of green , white , and red vws grafted onto it in place of the originals as they got damaged in one way or another .
the serpents writhed and thrashed around for a second , and then imploded , vanishing , leaving behind nothing but a coating of clear , glistening slime in their place .
i will take his place as you demand . ''
you took his place . ''
` ` but we can take the place of its subject , if we choose to do it .
he should have dropped in place .
and why he accepted the curse in your place . ''
i could n't hate him because i was n't sure that i would n't have made the same choice in his place .
he heard cocoon triggers snap as flattery and timberlake took their places .
like magic , everything fell into place .
things suddenly began falling into place for susan .
` ` right where you belonged in the first place . ''
but garvin could still make sure he kept his division heads in place the heads who had served him and the company so well .
it is exclusively a crime of males , who use rape with appalling frequency to keep women in their place .
a part of the chronology fell into place .
` ` i ' m ready to take over in dave 's place . ''
in the enormous whale - belly of steel and stone carved out to form the long - enduring old opera house rick deckard found an echoing , noisy , slightly miscontrived rehearsal taking place .
` ` maybe there was once a human who looked like you , and somewhere along the line you killed him and took his place .
he then himself took her place .
thanks for taking the rock in my place . ''
the phocomelus relaxed and felt glee , felt a superior pleasure take the place of his anxiety ; he grinned at the two repairmen , looked about for the next job expected of him .
` ` she will serve in chani 's place . ''
` ` the council ... '' ` ` alia will be there to stand in my place . ''
i see the day coming when ceremony must take the place of faith and symbolism replaces morality . ''
ghost shadows moved within him in place of people .
meanwhile , abu kassim departs from the bath and can not find his old slippers ; in their place he finds a new and beautiful pair of shoes , and , presuming these to be a present from his friend , he puts them on and leaves .
he said , with only the slightest nod of his head in place of a bow .
` ` it will take time to unseat an entire religion and set up a new one in its place , '' mused waren , a thin man with a head of nearly white blond hair .
raoden was our unity before : now you will take his place .
hrathen would apply pressure carefully until iadon folded , and another , more agreeable man took his place .
they say they give their women more freedom , but there 's still the impression that the freedom was theirs to ' give ' in the first place .
he did n't participate himself , but had brought a manservant to fill his place .
sarene stood in her place , looking over the women .
in their place , he was confronted with something much more horrid .
the final piece of his plan falling into place .
gone was the brusque but compliant chef , and in his place was a man who seemed more like a grizzled admiral from her father 's navy .
yet , even as he strove to remove the image , another sprung up in its place .
so they did so , imperfectly , and gave her the job in place of a history .
they had taken place more than a kilometer beneath the hall of justice and the imperial courts , in the rikerian prison , at the center of a labyrinth of precisely controlled security systems .
voltaire was no longer in place to advise .
` ` because there could easily be others to take his place .
it required no prescience to know that moneo would have an agent in place .
it is galling to be held in place against your will .
he trailed off , unable to describe the change inherent in that mechanized noun , the death of the romantic and its sterile , carnal revenant , living only a forced respiration of glitter and ceremony ; the geometric steps of courtship during the easter - night dance at the great hall which had replaced the mad scribble of love which he could only intuit dimly c hollow grandeur in the place of mean and sweeping passions which might once have erased souls .
the speed and the made wind against their faces seemed to take the place of sight and to put them once again in a frame of time and reference .
perhaps you saw what place our universe plays in the scheme of things c as an atom in a blade of grass .
still her place .
and the face dancer in tuek 's place revealed much by his mimic performance .
` ` sirafa will take your place as another decoy .
no matter that this might be what sirafa hoped to achieve , she had to be put in her place !
odrade 's performance remained superb but she needed to be put in her place .
kasen 's ids were removed from everything and his were registered in her place .
it was like the fear inside him had shattered that day and left something freakishly copacetic in its place , something that set in during a fight and left him totally rational .
he 'd have still taken her place in the noose .
` ` now tend your place . ''
` ` obviously the assassination was in place and they sped it up after you guys evaced so that they could frame you . ''
there was no one else to take her mother 's place .
with his blaster still on chayden , caillen stepped away from the con so that she could take his place and scan through the files .
what if she 'd volunteered to murder them and shred their egos so that they would n't be fit to take their mother 's place ?
kill one and two emerged to take his place .
smiling , anne said , ` ` somebody will take mr . steiner 's place ; there must be other black - market operators . ''
` ` i sure appreciate your going in my place , doc .
instead of curing the patient of his phobias , one became in the manner of a lawyer the actual advocate in the man 's place at -- jean called into the office , ` ` milt , there 's a call for you from new israel .
possibly at some time in the past the man had been real and alive , but that was over , and the stealthy replacement had taken place , inch by inch , progressing insidiously from one organ to the next , and the entire structure was there to deceive others .
and what takes their place ?
he remembered almost nothing of the night before , at arnie kott 's place ; piece by piece , from what doreen told him , he had managed to patch together an image of what had taken place .
thomas landed with a jarring thump that felt like every joint in his body came loose , then popped back into place .
if only he could have everything backevery last memoryhe knew the pieces would fall into place and he could just move forward .
however , everything has stayed true to the spirit of what the creators envisioned - what you envisioned in their place after they were ...
countless volunteers to take their place .
worried that his backpack would give him away , he finally took it off and chucked it , not sure why he had it in the first place .
` ` and you have the seven co - authors in place , and i am appropriately high on the list , '' bellarmino said .
you never should have donated defective sperm in the first place . ''
plug virgil as he comes across the hall , right in the fnigging heart ; then doc can paste a new heart in its place .
freneksy said , ' secretary , will you empower mr prindle to take your official place in terra - lilistar negotiations ? '
eric said , ' probably he wo n't be strong enough within the two - day period generally allowed in cases like this ; his over - all condition is too - ' turning to prindle , minister freneksy said , ' and you decline any authority as vice secretary to speak in his place ?
the drug 's effects contain the method for procuring the nullifying agent , the source of a new , unknown molecule to enter the liver metabolism in place of jj-180 ...
in its place he saw a contrivance unfamiliar to him .
more pieces of my memory were falling into place , like a blurry picture downloading in waves , gradually becoming clearer .
` ` imaging takes place in the nose .
in their place was a big flatbed tow truck , which was winching julia 's car up the hill .
in your places . ''
` ` why do it in the first place ? ''
i managed to have my balance more or less in place when i hit , and i fell into a roll , using the momentum to help me rise to a running start .
one by one , they climb inside , and the gunnar takes his place at the wheel .
i wonder what she 'd do in my place , given what my mother has asked of me , what dina would ' ve done to save them , if she 'd had any power in the matter .
what if vel had lied about leaving him in a trunk when he took his place ?
the time has come for ithiss - tor to set aside its separatist ways and take our place among the stars .
do not worry , '' vel says , but he sounds like someone else now , as if his voice has shifted , and if i open my eyes i would see another in his place .
` ` i 'll make sure you like whoever takes my place , '' she reassures them .
i ' m drowning in sound as the body falls , but another rushes to take its place .
` ` you think the morgut found a derelict , revived it somehow , and took the place of the vermis as ... intestinal parasites ? ''
so i fear i have no choice but to step back and permit the legal process to take place .
i do n't know any sacred words , but i offer some heartfelt ones in their place .
the stars have gone , but the ancients left beacons in their place , the ones i reprogrammed at such great cost .
` ` no , i meant i could never take your place . ''
did you feel march was trying to take kai 's place ? ''
one day , zeeka , the one i stole , will take his place among them .
unfortunately , my chip offers gibberish in place of a true translation : want run fly target hope fall off ?
the plans are in place .
` ` i can take the second one 's place , '' he offers .
but he 's gone , and nobody can take his place .
` ` all the preparations are in place . ''
kill one of us , imperial pigs , and ten shall take his place .
they ca n't take the place of the ones i ' ve lost , like doc , rose , and evie ; nor can they supplant the ones who went away to chase their own dreams , like hit , dina , and argus .
we traded places , and i kept my staff pointed at the stairs as the mantis - thing came down them .
i recognized this one , which looked like a woman , except for the reverse - jointed legs ending in panther claws , the bright red skin , and the mass of metallic , ten - foot - long , independently moving blades in place of hair .
reese verrick , surrounded by those of his staff in personal fealty to him , halted as he saw the procedure taking place at the desk .
in their place the placid features of the westinghouse news announcer appeared .
in its place hatred and disgust was forming .
but something has to go up in its place ; something has to be built .
in its place they heard a slight hiss .
he looked into the living room , prepared to see the same disarray that he 'd witnessed at his own apartment , but here everything seemed to be in its place .
in place of the other was a tightly rolled piece of paper .
therefore we sensibly put our large research staff on hold and close our expensive offices while we wait with a skeleton legal team in place . ''
` ` is there a skeleton team in place ? ''
` ` you 're saying that environmental crises took the place of the cold war ? ''
back at her father 's manor , servants - even those who had been full citizens - had been afraid to step out of their places .
he 'd have to find a way to duel the two idiot sycophants in another setting , put them in their places .
the decoy idea was sadeas 's plan - he put on one of gavilar 's robes and fled in gavilar 's place .
i ' ve contemplated for a time whether i should tell you , as you will take my place should i fall .
perhaps we should switch places more often .
his side still hurt , and he was annoyed at her for leading him down to the others in the first place .
` ` you took my place .
perhaps appoint cremlings in their places .
within seconds , the carriage driver had replaced the stairs , climbed into his place , and started turning the vehicle around .
daytime spent working and training - teft and rock now practiced with him - evenings spent at the first chasm , retrieving the reeds from their hiding place in a crevice and then milking for hours .
was it time to step aside , and let his son take his place ?
each man in his place . ''
` ` i want to take tien 's place , '' kaladin said .
` ` rule in their place ? ''
` ` but i have no desire to take their place , nor do i wish to join them . ''
` ` is not my place . ''
they did n't get entirely into place before dalinar started moving .
the chef seemed to believe that jake , having killed one of his helpers , was now duty- and honor - bound to take the dead cat 's place .
` ` oy , can you change places with me ? ''
` ` yes , '' roland said , ` ` and to rule in his father 's place .
` ` i should have died in her place !
i ' ve heard tales of the red king 's madness and diat the dan - tete has come to take his place , and all i can say is ' i 'll believe it when i see it .
she kept her fine dinner in its place , but perhaps only for the time being .
` ` change places with me , patrick . ''
it passes a green trash barrel with keep litter in its place !
` ` or offer to go in my place .
or bop me in the head and then go in my place . ''
though it did n't surprise him , he found it ironic that beatriz was taking his place .
the gun was gone like magic ; in its place was a small envelope .
` ` they got miguel basale to take my place .
a thousand conflicting smells rose , creating one hell - stench , and before he passed out , katz again called upon god to rot his father for chaining this curse of a drug store to his ankle in the first place .
the woman paused in the doorway , the guards shuffling out without objection as captain zu took their place .
apparently , what he sought was still in its place ; his shoulders dropped in relief , and he continued on into the bank .
if the child did n't like the work , there were plenty of others to take his place .
thus the notorious disdain of the porter for insubstantial callers -- - and thus , too , the ` ` carriage fakement ` ` by nine o'clock on the evening of november 12 , 1854 , pierce had his confederates in their places .
after a while , he would say , ` ` no , i do n't have it , after all , '' and hand over a counterfeit coin in place of the original .
but what chem would n't have traded places with him then -- gladly ?
in its place was a vague , foggy shape with tiny movements in it .
he asked himself then what whelye would do if he , thurlow , should stop the proceedings and take the patient 's place to describe ` ` ... a thing i saw the other night , something like a flying saucer .
i felt the sedation wearing off and lucidity taking its place .
everything fit into place : the big cleft - tipped nose , the wide cheekbones , the thick white brows , the eyes set deep into the wrinkled fabric of skin .
letting one responsibility slide from his shoulders and putting another , more welcome one in its place .
he was staring at the fist i restrained , too , the horror fading , surprise taking its place .
doc switched places with me in a smooth , swift movement .
jared 's slid down from my wrist to take its place .
i wondered who this strange man was , the one who had come back in kyle 's place .
i brushed the tears away with my free hand , but others took their place too quickly for it to matter .
her place was out studying the kelp .
the sub was being fitted to a lighter - than - air in place of the usual armored gondola .
she felt that this body might have been running before she assumed her place in it .
the shocked amazement at waking to a plane which had been magically emptied of people had worn off ; now dislocation had taken the place of wonder .
they had n't had a chance to replace the butts , so they had put down a big convoy - truck tailgate in their place .
the hood of the explorer was up , and the v-6 engine had been pulled out ; workmen were now lowering a small , new engine in its place -it looked like a rounded shoebox , with the dull shine of aluminum alloy .
i told him not to go out in the first place .
he tried to put himself in the place of an average contestant .
the ford was pulling out , and another ford took its place .
newark was sliding away beneath the wing ; darkness took its place .
we want you to take his place . ''
in his place were three plastic bags of the kind the hospital used to line wastebaskets .
and , of course , it will be jealous of its place .
13 eddie 's fear left him in its place came that strange yet welcome coldness .
nothing could ever take the place of his beautiful houses .
the marriage was never to take place .
and now it was over twelve years since deirdre had taken her place on the porch , over a year since the englishman had come and gone - and they were talking of putting deirdre away again .
it is ascribed to the power of the witch in one breath , and put down to simple nature on the other , and the death of louvier is judged an accident in the melee , and there is much tiresome and endless argument over what actually took place .
and it is better that it make its assault on land so that my iron box will not be lost i must use what time i have left to recount all that has taken place .
and i continued alone , with only the moon and the stars for witnesses , and plotted out my letter to you and how i would describe what had taken place .
garland , barclay , and cortland had to physically support their father as the entombment took place .
if her plane crashed , he could take her place forever .
we should stress here , however , that after mary beth died her empire began to fall apart no one individual could take her place and though cortland did a marvelous job of consolidating and investing and preserving , the dizzying expansion which had gone on under mary beth essentially came to an end .
her detractors have described her as no more than a glorified legal clerk but kinder evidence seems to indicate she became ' the backbone ' of byrnes , brown and blake , she is the one who knows every - thing , and that with her demise , the firm will be hard put to find anyone to take her place .
his handsome young son stuart was gone forever , and in his place was a wasted , warped invalid , a white faced boy with burning eyes and a strange sexless voice , who lived now entirely behind closed blinds the doctor and his wife grew used to hearing the nocturnal concerts every now and then the doctor went up to speak to the pale faced ' feminine ' creature who lived in the attic he could not help but note a mental deterioration the creature could no longer remember much of ' her past ' nevertheless they conversed pleasantly in french or in english for a little while , then the emaciated and distracted young person would turn to his books as if the father were n't there , and the father would go away .
and carlotta struggling to take mother 's place , and unable to do it .
but are these things actually taking place , or am i dreaming ?
and rowan and michael would want a ceiling fan in place of the old fixture .
pierce left his place and came around to assist .
` ` he gave me the illness in the first place ! ''
he offered to present his own bill of particulars to the retribution mechanism in place of the bill of particulars of the person .
there are a few bits and pieces i ca n't seem to get to go in place .
she will be a sacrifice in my place , the goat - creature thought .
but eventuallyc '' he offered hnatt the stack of brown , wrinkled , truffle - skins which served as tender in the sol system : the only molecule , a unique protein amino acid , which could not be duplicated by the printers , the biltong life forms employed in place of automated assembly lines by many of terra 's industries .
or try to contactcand this sticks in the craw even worseccontact palmer or whatever 's taking palmer 's place , and deal directly with it .
` ` she 'll be taking your place . ''
even though he may be a wig - headed proxer or something worse , some damn thing that got into his ship while it was coming or going , out in deep space , ate him , and took his place .
the end of the old , he reflected as he chewed ; i ' m participating in what , for this particular hovel , is the final night , and in its place comes what ?
` ` well , you got what st . paul promises , as anne hawthorne was blabbing about ; you 're no longer clothed in a perishable , fleshly bodycyou ' ve put on an ethereal body in its place .
and it could so easily slip into place again .
` ` we do n't know why he left the machine in the first place .
another pitcher will take his place .
in their place , he discovered that he had some source of boundless energy - an almost aggressive vitality that he could not recall ever experiencing before .
she understood now why melissa had never spotted the unspeakable transactions taking place out in las colonias .
maybe the appearance of a dead girl in his place would give them something to think about .
and since you 'd died in his place , he 'd be free to continue operating .
but too many things are in place . ''
` ` intellectus would n't save you from an assassin 's bullet if you did n't know someone wanted to kill you in the first place , '' i said .
a couple more pieces clicked into place .
after that , things fell into place without requiring my participation .
but it was forced into place instead . ''
maybe the sun will go out , al conjectured , and glen runciter will place a substitute sun in its place .
because the elderly clanking contraption had dimmed , and , in its place , the familiar elevator resumed its existence .
and the last form wore off , with nothing subsequent : no newer form , no next stage of what we see as growth , to take its place .
in their place a tall , tan wooden structure greeted him ; he made out the crank handle and did not need to lift the lid to know what his sound system now consisted of .
in its place joe saw a fabric - top ford coupe , a tinny and small car , very old , 1929 , he guessed .
` ` it ai n't my place to give the tenants advice , mr . umney , but i guess i 'll give you some , anyway c it being my last week and all .
wolf blitzer took anderson cooper 's place .
is it going to be some drifter the president taps with his magic wand , or is it going to be the elected officials already in place ?
he rolled over in bed , trying to leave these memories behind , and what came in their place was rory muttering it 's halloween .
if you can bring yourself to consider the idea that dale barbara and his friends were the ones who set up the dome in the first place , i think it makes perfect sense .
when he and ginny reentered the room , thurse was kneeling by the body of frank delesseps , who had died because he 'd come in place of georgia 's boyfriend and overstayed visiting hours .
' put litter in its place . '
and again , just when it seemed the pain could get no worse , the dislocated joint slipped back into place .
what had taken its place was a silken fury that flowed through his body from some bottomless source deep inside his head , a spring that simultaneously chilled and clarified .
i ' m sending siri in your place . ''
` ` my father sent her in my place , but i can not stand the thought of her serving as the god king 's wife .
since that day , each god king has fathered a stillborn son who then returned and took his place . ''
it was probably the same thing jewels had used to make him stop moving in the first place .
` ` are you sure , '' i said , ` ` that is n't a louis rosen dummy , and you 're going to knock me off and have it take my place ? ''
so they start a bucket brigade ; they carry the sand grain by grain to the back of their nest , but as they take sand from the entrance more falls in its place . ''
at least it 'll save us money , save us having to hire some outside designer to fly out here and design the body of the nanny , and an engineer to take bundy 's place -- assuming we could get one .
into abnethe 's place darted the turtle form of a giant palenki .
now some pieces were falling into place .
i 'd always assumed it was because marcone had decided to manipulate matters , to make himself appear to be a preferable alternative to more careless criminals who might take his place if the cops took him down .
in its place was just an irregular patch of unburned skin .
he picked them out , and put the bigger slugs - the ones from roland 's ancient revolvers - in their place .
looking up himself , eddie saw that old star and old mother were gone , their places taken by polaris and the big dipper .
but he left his place by rusher 's head for a moment when they came to the weedy track leading into citgo , walking across to look at the old disused guard - hut .
he paused and looked puzzled for a moment , as if unable to remember why he had approached them in the first place .
yet she doubted if what she had come for had been there in the first place - the hole was n't big enough .
latigo was mounted in his place before the kid 's feet had stopped twitching .
he handed the blade over and stood to let cael take his place .
as soon as he knocked one guy out of the fight , one of the others took his place .
and if these should not suffice to persuade , he thought , he might point out that after all , he had brought the cure back , in the first place : he and laurence , with maximus and lily and the rest of their formation , and if anyone had a right to say where it should be shared out , they did : no - one would even have known of it if temeraire had not contrived to be sick in africa , where the mushrooms which cured it grew .
wringe , who was rather big for a feral , a good - sized middle - weight , tried to shove a yellow reaper out of his place , and so of course all the reapers jumped up and hissed at her , and then arkady and the others jumped in hissing back , and temeraire had to roar to get all their attention and push them apart .
it pulled the attention of the other unharnessed beasts quickly , and they came peeling away from their individual battles with the french beasts , as the formal ranks of the aerial corps charging forward took their place .
if there is a lick of sense among them it shall be wellesley in his place , but we ought not put our hopes so high . ''
let it only take place in paris , or istanbul , or china , and woolvey would read of it in the papers and applaud , though the act were the same , or bloodier .
as twilight edged from gray to purple there was a noise in the spire , like a fluttering of heavy velvet , and silas left his resting place in the belfry and clambered headfirst down the spire .
they had shot the men there , and four of the women and girls , and run off everybody else , and put in their own girls in place of them .
and in my heart i said my silent farewell to rosa , and my silent confirmation of love for godwin , and i took my place at meir 's side .
do n't you grasp the changes already taking place ?
` ` it was decreed , '' said signore antonio , ` ` that lionello should be taken first to the corner of the hospital of santa maria nuova , at san nofri , to an image he had supposedly defaced , and there have his hand chopped off , which in fact took place . ''
hunter said , ` ` let me take his place .
and then it fell into place ; i saw the whole picture .
it is the custom now , to bring no weapon into my place .
frustrated , he unwound some twine in the back room used for shipments and took off his belt , looping the rope in its place .
the big voice calls another granny to take her place , and everything keeps rushing forward .
stephen lost the boyishness and softness he 'd had when i married him , and it pleased me to see the hard edges he developed in their place .
you there , you may keep your places , '' he added , when the honor - guard would have risen .
the scarlet dragons were fighting too well together , temeraire realized in dismay : being so nearly alike they all might take any position in the fighting , and exchange places , and alter their formations to suit any particular moment of the fighting .
he killed three more , and then a sword took him hot in the meat of his arm ; he dropped back and let another step into his place .
but the exit mechanisms were already in place .
he had kept the identity alive - basil had a solid credit history , basil traveled to exotic places , basil had bought a luxury house on saint andrews without ever seeing it .
` ` people made up the stories in the first place . ''
exasperation drained from me , and pleasure took its place .
` ` what i would n't do to trade places with you , '' kitten said and threw a roll at her .
but i remained in place .
i remained in place .
but a clear chain of command does have its place .
the idea of hiring another man to die in the war in your place , just because you have the money .
in their place , now there 's squatters ' stalls mostly , set up illegally , lining the mall in long rows in front of the emptied - out stores .
just as his fingers slipped in place , the beast shook him like dog with a rag doll .
even if by some miracle she did manage to escape , he 'd be killed in her place .
the president kept his place .
for every coil he shoved aside , another would take its place .
two rangers took his place , pinning the soldier 's legs to the ground .
` ` i 'll take your place .
an iv in place !
chapter 27 ` ` igor , tell me what pi is , '' lorna said as she leaned by the birdcage , taking kyle 's place .
jack took her place .
the confusion on his face faded , but a stab of old anger took its place .
this is who they thought to take my place at painter 's side ?
but contingencies were already in place .
all was in place .
for every whirlwind that blew itself out with a sharp discharge of static , another three took its place .
adverse effects waned , and something remarkable took their place . ''
painter took his place , picking up the receiver .
monk switched places with tau .
` ` instead of the little girl , dr . cummings , i 'll let you choose another child to die in her place . ''
in his place , surina appeared in a dressing gown , her long black hair loose .
she took the place of one of the guards , an arm around jack 's waist .
so when the khmer discovered this cavern , we inadvertently became a part of that life cycle , taking the place of the bats .
` ` and if you recall , '' yuri added , ` ` i voted against approaching dr . polk in the first place . ''
he knocked the topmost man down a peg and took his place at the top .
she would find another figurehead to take his place .
` ` as to the operation in england , '' the man continued , ` ` all is in place there ? ''
he switched places with creed and moved to the anteroom 's inner door .
` ` i think saint malachy has taken the place of this ancient .
anger took its place and helped anchor her .
chin met ryan 's gaze as the other two soldiers took his place .
in place of sheet music , her gaze swept through lines of flowing code .
kat would take gray 's place at the hospital .
and that weight and guilt would only grow when he assumed his brother 's place at the white house , bringing the bloodline fully into power versus pulling the strings behind james gant 's back .
gray took her place at the door .
he leaped atop the backseat , switching places with kowalski , and popped open the emergency exit in the roof of the bus .
constant thrust took the place of gravity .
miller felt his body twitch as that information fell into place .
the last thing that made sense was to sit around , ogling girls in the park and chasing down leads on a case that he had n't been meant to follow up on in the first place .
maybe even killing the canterbury in the first place .
the emblem faded , and a pleasant - faced man sitting at a desk took its place .
the man faded out , and an animation took his place .
something in miller 's belly shifted , some inflamed organ calming enough to slip back into place .
so in a sense , he 'd taken her place .
with a tighter set of the shoulders and a degree 's shift of the spine , the master engineer of tycho station was gone , and the general was in his place .
for less than a second , muss was gone and julie mao - his julie - was in her place .
half a beat later , the secretary - general barked out a laugh and wagged his finger at the screen before the green connection - ended message took his place .
` ` i thought you 'd want all the paperwork in place .
when his mind rebelled , trying to think about something - anything - else , he brought it back and put mei in the boy 's place .
a life on basic support rose in its place .
steel - and - ceramic plates and scaffolds took the place of the blackness .
there were the complex swivel points , like the gimbals of a crash couch made by giants , that would reconfigure the station as a whole when thrust gravity took rotation 's place .
his mind slid out from under him , leaving something calculating and detached in its place .
` ` that was excellent , '' avasarala said , and then something else , something small , fell into place in the back of her mind and she started laughing and cursing at the same time .
it had n't seemed to hurt it at the time , but each wound represented a sudden burst of activity inside the creature 's cells , or whatever it had in place of cells , as the monster healed .
avasarala said , then sipped at the bulb of weak coffee she 'd started making for herself in place of tea .
someone on the behemoth put out a copy of holden 's message with the split circle emblem over it and a commentary track saying that it was about time that the belt take its place and demand the respect it deserved .
when the endless seconds of deceleration were over , both joints popped back into place with a pain even worse than when they 'd come out .
a smile jerked into place .
a sort of creeping nihilism had taken its place .
cass and naomi traded places with juarez , so naomi could help with the repairs .
unlike an octopus , these appendages bore sharp pincers in place of suckers .
jason shoved back and motioned stella to take his place .
grass so green it hurt to look at grew up four centimeters from the gel mats that took the place of actual dirt .
the soldier of fortune was gone , and a friendly tourist had taken her place .
` ` you can try chewie , '' han said , taking the bothan 's place at the table .
there had been rumors of a secret report that suggested - strongly suggested - that james holden had been killed on the station , and a doppelganger put in his place .
he suddenly realized what he should have done in the first place and bent down through the pain in his ribs to unlace his shoes .
the man stepped aside and she took his place .
it 's the annual company picnic for the secret service 's seattle field office , and hassler ca n't shake how odd it is to see his team sporting all those bare legs and sandaled feet in place of crisp black suits and pantsuits .
cushions and pillows of various shape and size took the place of furniture , although seth noticed a traditional desk in one comer , next to a divan .
in place of infected skin , short gray fur covered his arms .
how could they possibly guess that somebody else had taken her place ?
after that realization , the plan began to fall into place .
without outside assistance , she would remain trapped inside the quiet box in a suspended state until someone else took her place .
without another person to take vanessa 's place temporarily , releasing her one - time friend from the quiet box for a brief conversation would be impossible .
he wished he could switch places with kendra , off on an adventure so secretive nobody had trusted him with the details .
as she walked to the car , she fleetingly wished she could trade places with her brother .
they had instantaneously switched places .
in her place was a hairy tarantula with striped legs and shiny black eyes .
the preparations were all in place .
she slid a second envelope from the safepouch inside her sleeve and set it on the table in place of the first .
moash stood up from the seat , and another took his place .
they thought they could last longer , now that a plan was in place .
the nearby trees popped like bubbles , beads forming in their place and dropping toward a shifting sea of them below .
` ` the king wishes to know why his old trading partner , vstim , has not come in person , and has instead sent a child in his place . ''
` ` that 's my place . ''
i can spare you that task , if i might go in your place . ''
` ` well for one thing , '' adolin said , ` ` i ' m going to go in your place . ''
said exactly where oi was to stand so we could swap places . ''
` ` with the prime dead , the viziers , scribes , and arbiters were all given a chance to fill out the proper paperwork to apply to take his place . ''
the almighty had put them in their place , and who had business questioning him ?
` ` make a report of which among our sworn highlords would be appropriate to take the place of those who will fall on dalinar 's trip . ''
` ` sir , i have reason to believe that everyone i know ... everyone i loved ... has been destroyed , monsters left in their place .
` ` you paid her off , i assume , and went in her place - after having the priest place tape on the door .
huffing , cress dismissed the link and , with a few hasty taps of her fingertips , cascaded a dozen different windows in its place .
she breathed a sigh of relief upon reaching the top of the dune , but dread quickly took its place .
and the comm was sent anonymously - she may not have realized i was the one who had sent the tip in the first place . ''
there 's still a whole posse of thaumaturges ready to take her place , and from what i ' ve seen , they 're not much better . ''
observing all of this has quelled the last ashes of the burning compulsion i had to know everything ... anything ... and in its place remains the knowledge that the brightness is not done with me .
yet out of his zeal , his loneliness , his passion that had literally crawled up the walls of his rooms , duncan had already created something that might take the place of the silence or at least provide an answer to it .
as the year progressed , his desk would slough off much of the clutter , until , by autumn , all but the finished books had vanished , and the magazines or broadsheets pregnant with reviews , both bright and dark , had taken their place .
the orchestra was short a flutist , his place taken by a rather aggressive whistler .
it was n't my place to stop it even if i could , which i could n't .
a little pain to take the place of fear could n't hurt .
every time he started to protest , i reminded him pointedly that the retrieval of the orb had been his idea in the first place .
the lady was a member of the honethite family , and the sole reason the honeths had arranged her marriage to the grand duke of the borune family in the first place was to gain access to the priceless resources of the wood of the dryads .
the marriage must take place . '
there are twenty little girls out in the jungle training to take my place when i die .
he was n't in place yet .
then he said that there was a religious order in the alorn kingdoms that 's sworn to protect me and to see to it that i can take my rightful place on the throne in the hall of the rivan king .
' are the rest of them in place ? '
they 'll be much more likely to come around if they think the idea was theirs in the first place . '
there were new ones to take their places , however , so the numbers remained more or less constant .
i do n't think any of us - either on our side or theirs - should do anything permanent until all those prophecies are in place .
' do n't lose my place , ' he told his gnarled little brother .
if i 'd known i was going to have to be a savage to sit in my father 's place , i would n't be here at all .
i gather that your duke 's too thick - witted to listen to reason , so i do n't think we ' ve got any choice but to depose him and put you in his place . '
take my place .
we did depose oldoran on the flimsiest of legal grounds that day , and the one who should legally have taken his place was his eldest nephew , nerasin . '
he was staring at me in absolute horror when his real form blurred into place , and he continued that squeaking .
when word of all the road construction taking place in my former domain reached me at mother 's cottage , i decided that i 'd better set my studies aside and go to tol honeth to have a word with ran horb ii to find out just exactly what his intentions were .
a great many things fell into place at that point .
all we had to do was make sure that torak did n't reach vo mimbre before all our forces were in place , and that probably would n't be much more difficult than reversing the tides or stopping the sun in its orbit .
the unification of my poor arendia took place in the royal bedchamber .
he 'd frequently tried to explain to her that when he had his ' things ' spread out on the floor , he could find exactly what he wanted almost immediately , but that when he put them all away as she wanted him to , it took hours to find what he wanted and that the search immediately returned everything right back to the floor where it had been in the first place .
they are in the place sopal instead .
' that 's my place ! '
the eye - slits blazed , and there were twin holes in place of noses .
then several days ago they pulled back and left only a few units in place .
this wedding shall not take place ! '
you could save yourself - and us - a lot of time and trouble if you 'd just tell her in the first place .
if aphrael 's willing to accept khalad in place of kurik , she should be able to pick someone else to fill in for tynian .
' we do n't really want to ruffle king androl 's feathers , so a suggestion to him that he 's being held in place to meet a far greater threat might be preferable to just sending him to bed without any supper . '
he became increasingly absorbed in the developing story , sometimes becoming so caught up in it that he lost sight of the fact that the events he was reporting were not actually taking place .
' well , your majesty , ' she said , blushing even harder , ' as i understand what milord stragen just said , those people wanted to hide things that were written down , so they wrote new papers and put them in place of the ones they did n't want us to see . '
it was the signal that all their forces were in place .
' then came the birth of anakha , signaling that bhelliom itself would soon emerge from the place where it had lain hidden , and by signs and oracles and diverse other means did outcast styrics perceive his birth , and counseled they zalasta , instructing him to journey straightway to eosia to observe anakha throughout his childhood and youth that he might know him better , for it was the hope of zalasta that in the day that anakha did bring the flower - gem to light , might he wrest it from him and thereby gain the means to prevail over the child goddess .
she knew , however , that one day anakha would come , and that he would raise bhelliom from the place where it had lain hidden and wield it to his own purposes - and to the purposes of bhelliom itself .
truly , he did corrupt primate annias and the pandion martel for his own ends , which did ever center upon that day when anakha would lift bhelliom from the place where it lay hidden . '
we do n't have to ... ' he was suddenly gone , and in his place stood a confused - looking personage who appeared to have been interrupted in the middle of his bath .
the murders would take place during the harvest festival , whether their other plans were fully in place or not , and every minute brought the holiday that much closer .
i do n't think i 'd care to trade places with zalasta right now . '
the best efforts of the empire 's agents in the west have failed to reveal precisely what took place at zemoch .
we wuz supposed t ' stir up them peasants an ' t ' git 'em t ' talkin ' among therselves 'bout how the people oughtta all git together an ' thow the queen out an ' the like , an ' then them nobles , they caught a few tax collectors an ' hung 'em an ' give the money back t ' the folks it 'd been stole from in the first place , an ' them peasants , they wuz all happy as pigs in mud 'bout that . '
in place of the steel breastplate , however , she wore a tight - fitting , sleeveless black leather jerkin , and the band about her brow was of silver rather than gold .
' that 's why it 's my place to negotiate for her , ' engessa pointed out .
her voice rang out like a silver trumpet as she also declared that her child was fit and ready to assume her place as an adult .
she said that onatel had been summoned to serve in ` ` the place of the seers . ''
she suddenly seemed to blur and shimmer , and then standing in the place she had occupied was an enormous , hideous beast .
standing in its place was a tawny - haired , golden - eyed woman in a brown dress .
the beast she had raised and the demon she had sent to possess it were both dead , and her desperate effort to evade the necessity of standing powerless and defenseless in the place of the choice had crumbled and fallen as a child 's castle of sand crumbles before the encroaching waves .
the death of toth had answered the one unanswered question , and now all was in place .
take thy place before the altar of torak to await the choice of the seeress of kell .
the face of torak was gone , and in its place the image of eriond 's face smiled its benediction .
' i just needed to be sure that it took place , that 's all .
always pragmatic , the melcenes left the royal houses of the five mainland provinces in place , preferring to operate through established lines of authority rather than set up new ones .
in place of the roguish entertainer stood the gnarled , hunchbacked shape of the sorcerer beldin .
` ` how did you change places with feldegast -and where is he ? ''
the polished steel mask of the face of torak which normally occupied the place directly over the nail - studded door had been removed , garion saw , and in its place was a red - painted skull with a pair of horns screwed down into its brow .
` ` who took your place at the palace ? ''
if you do n't do exactly what i tell you to do , i 'll have you nailed to the prow of your ship in place of a figurehead .
` ` any time polgara leaves for any reason at all , you ought to go in and take her place .
' the funeral takes place then . '
the throng in the nave rose to its feet to file along behind the body of cluvonus to its resting place in the crypt beneath the floor of the basilica .
dolmant had entered , and after a brief conference with emban , ortzel and bergsten , he took his place at the lectern .
there was a sudden , awed silence as the two monarchs resumed their places .
the apparition was gone , and in its place hung a few tatters of wispy smoke .
there were things which ehlana did not grasp and others she misunderstood , but she was able to accept most of what had taken place .
imperiously , sephrenia pointed at the throne , and ehlana stumbled , even staggered , up the steps of the dais to assume her rightful place .
he 'll be here shortly and put ulesim - favoured - disciple - of - holy - arasham in his place . '
the bumblebee was gone , and in its place there hovered a tiny female figure directly out of folklore .
' be not dismayed , sparhawk , for the time hath come for bhelliom to emerge from the place where it hath lain hidden and once again to stir the earth with its power .
chapter two fat bersla was nowhere in sight when they entered the throne room , and the snippy little priestess alcevan seemed to have taken his place .
how many forts are in place now ? ''
` ` it 's going to be twenty - five eons before you 'll have to take aracia 's place as the goddess of the east .
it is by her command that i have taken her place here .
gunda took his place at the oars and rowed them on out into the open sea .
the standard procedure for erecting forts - permanent or temporary - had been in place since the war in the ravine above the village of lattash in the spring of the current year .
the two of them rather carefully changed places .
` ` the trogites and i 'll hold back any snake - men until your fortifications are all in place .
when the shimmering was gone , the misshapen sorcerer beldin stood in his place .
` ` it was n't my place to begin with , olban , '' brand told him .
in their place stood the form of belgarath the sorcerer , the eternal man , shimmering in the aura of his full power .
usually they changed so rapidly that she never had time to examine one before another took its place .
some trick of the flickering light and dancing shadows made it appear momentarily that a great , shaggy bear sat in barak 's place .
her circlet of tinted gold held in place a short veil that did not so much conceal her face as soften it into luminousness .
` ` we had n't counted on the southern murgos or the malloreans being in place this soon .
then the old wolf seemed to shimmer , and belgarath knelt in his place .
` ` the grolims permit the substitution of slaves , so a thull spends his whole life working in order to get enough money to buy a slave to take his place on the altar if he 's unlucky enough to be chosen .
the bear was gone , and in its place the big cherek stood , sword in hand .
miss adler gestured for my companion to take her place with the pistol .
particularly since you attended a ball last evening in the place of one of the victims , using her invitation . ''
the sistrum , a small musical instrument , resembled an ankh in the drawings : it was cross - shaped and had a loop in place of the top , upright bar .
i decided i would take her place .
by then , the pieces had clicked into place .
so you see , now i have someone to take mrs . yingling 's place .
all the lessons coli had tried to teach me suddenly fell into place , rendering me a ruthless and silent assassin .
it was probably because the bodo i thought i knew did n't really exist , and in his place was this stranger .
peter went still , the expression melting away to leave a stone mask in its place .
` ` do n't forget your place here , nokosi .
it was one thing to disapprove - a whole other to volunteer to take my place .
now he sat as others continued in his place .
just not the world in which it had taken place .
i could n't even tell if gabby 's stuff was what made it open in the first place .
` ` who programmed him in the first place ? ''
the eyrie is high and lonely , and it was ever her husband 's place , not hers .
he looked bored and miserable as he huddled there alone , but jon would have traded places with him in an instant .
eddard stark had married her in brandon 's place , as custom decreed , but the shadow of his dead brother still lay between them , as did the other , the shadow of the woman he would not name , the woman who had borne him his bastard son .
` ` custom decrees that the khaleesi must ride a mount worthy of her place by the side of the khal . ''
besides the steward , we need a captain of the guards to fill jory 's place , a new master of horse - ` ` her eyes snapped around and found him .
by then i knew that ned would marry me in his brother 's place . ''
` ` lord snow wants to take my place now . ''
if she births a daughter in place of a son , we need not fear .
in place of walls , some palaces were surrounded by thorny hedges .
my place is at winterfell with my sons .
` ` he wore it whenever he sat the iron throne in king robert 's place .
ser vardis turned in place .
` ` i beg you the honor of acting in your place .
when their lord husbands died and a new khal took his place at the front of his riders , with a new khaleesi mounted beside him , they were sent here , to reign over the vast dothraki nation .
` ` my lords , '' he said , ` ` my place is beside the young king now .
` ` and why is it that lord eddard is sending lannister men in the place of his own ?
` ` mind your place , dancing master , '' ser meryn said .
jon followed close behind him ; as the lord commander 's steward , that was his place .
bran was always given the place of honor at his brother 's right hand .
` ` you must take my place , as i took father 's , until we come home . ''
the realm would be a much different place with cersei ruling in place of her husband .
` ` in the place of the traitor eddard stark , it is the wish of his grace that tywin lannister , lord of casterly rock and warden of the west , take up the office of hand of the king , to speak with his voice , lead his armies against his enemies , and carry out his royal will .
` ` in the place of the traitor stannis baratheon , it is the wish of his grace that his lady mother , the queen regent cersei lannister , who has ever been his staunchest support , be seated upon his small council , that she may help him rule wisely and with justice .
as lord slynt took his place , grand maester pycelle resumed .
the girl i was to we d married my cousin in my place , i had no need of land or sons , my life would be lived for the realm .
the council has determined that ser jaime lannister will take your place as the lord commander of sworn brothers of the white swords . ''
it would not do to make him feel as if his mother were usurping his place .
they gave his place to that black dog clegane , and now selmy 's wanted for treason .
the first man was done with her now , and a second had taken his place .
his lord father took his place on the hill where he had slept .
robb came back to her on a different horse , riding a piebald gelding in the place of the grey stallion he had taken down into the valley .
if they had n't tried to stop him - ` ` ` ` - i should then be mourning in place of lord karstark , '' catelyn said .
when he is gone , jhaqo and pono and the other kos will fight for his place , and this khalasar will devour itself .
many will not come back to us , and we must needs find the men to take their places . ''
in place of hodor , the wildling woman osha was summoned .
in place of mail , they wore long shirts of woven leaves and bound their legs in bark , so they seemed to melt into the wood .
in place of swords , they carried blades of obsidian . ''
but it made no matter , so long as he lived long enough to take his place by his brother 's side and help avenge his father .
and it was across the tumblestone that they came home now , though the boy wore plate and mail in place of swaddling clothes .
` ` i shall ride at your side to vaes dothrak beneath the mother of mountains , and keep you safe from harm until you take your place with the crones of the dosh khaleen .
as she stepped away , dany saw that the contempt was gone from the maegi 's flat black eyes ; in its place was something that might have been fear .
maester aemon was blind and far too frail to ride with them , so his steward must go in his place .
` ` if you are ever lord commander , you may do as you please , '' mormont told the ranger , ` ` but it seems to me that i have not died yet , nor have the brothers put you in my place . ''
the new king summoned all his sons to court and would have made aemon part of his councils , but he refused , saying that would usurp the place rightly belonging to the grand maester .
` ` every man in this hall has heard you , '' warned catelyn 's brother ser edmure tully , who spoke for riverrun and the lords of the trident in the place of their dying father .
his place was at winterfell , he said as much , but would i hear him ?
so long as your grandfather lives , my place is at riverrun with him . ''
when i was visiting with him on the wall , he mentioned how concerned he was about finding a good man to take his place .
he had given him a place of honor at his table , a war galley to sail in place of a smuggler 's skiff .
the dwarf has chased off the lout who ruled the gold cloaks and put in his place a knight with an iron hand . ''
the cream - colored dragon sunk sharp black claws into the lion 's mane and coiled its tail around her arm , while ser jorah took his accustomed place by her side .
he had done all he could to feed the hungry city - he 'd set several hundred carpenters to building fishing boats in place of catapults , opened the kingswood to any hunter who dared to cross the river , even sent gold cloaks foraging to the west and south - yet he still saw accusing eyes everywhere he rode .
the white horse and the black one wheeled like lovers at a harvest dance , the riders throwing steel in place of kisses .
and yet , when renly cut away her torn cloak and fastened a rainbow in its place , brienne of tarth did not look unfortunate .
when robert gave the place to renly , stannis clenched his jaw so tight i thought his teeth would shatter . ''
` ` my place is here at your side . ''
` ` not every sailor 's tale is true , '' ser jorah cautioned , ` ` and even if robert be truly dead , his son rules in his place .
this girl must give three in their places .
and then ser gregor returned , earlier than expected , driving a herd of goats this time in place of a herd of prisoners .
had i met my brother there , it might have been me who died in place of him . ''
` ` why should i wager my feet for the chance to sweat in winterfell in place of harrenhal ?
` ` the next helm you make , put mule 's ears on it in place of bull 's horns ! ''
in their place they raised the flayed man of the dreadfort and the direwolf of stark .
the fourth room was oval rather than square and walled in worm - eaten wood in place of stone .
six passages led out from it in place of four .
he approved of his sister 's choice of ser balon swann to take the place of the slain preston greenfield .
moss grows under their arms in place of hair , and they can live with nothing to eat but mud and breathe swamp water . ''
long ragged tails streamed behind them like flickering flames , and in place of a lord 's sigil they bore the device of a god : the burning heart of the lord of light .
how could he tell her that another woman had taken the beating meant for her , and might well die in her place should some mischance of battle fell joffrey ?
she wanted him dead , so she could steal his place as their father 's heir .
of late ser osmund had taken sandor clegane 's place by joffrey 's side , and sansa had heard the women at the washing well saying he was as strong as the hound , only younger and faster .
ser mandon moore took the place to his right , flames shimmering against the white enamel of his armor , his dead eyes shining passionlessly through his helm .
for a moment tyrion thought he was going mad , that stannis and the castle had traded places .
return to me soon , and i will give you many trueborn sons to take the place of your dear domeric and rule the dreadfort after you . ''
` ` i offer myself in my daughter 's place .
meera squatted beside him on the steps , one arm thrown protectively across his shoulders , as osha and hodor traded places .
he amused himself by picturing her in one of cersei 's silken gowns in place of her studded leather jerkin .
the gold cloaks say he turned craven and you led a sortie in his place . ''
` ` but his son rules in his place . ''
much gold is owed , oh yes , but i am not without reason , so in place of coin i have taken a handsome parchment , very crisp .
aerys would want a young man to take his place , so why not a roaring lion in place of a sleepy one ?
aerys would want a young man to take his place , so why not a roaring lion in place of a sleepy one ?
instead of being together , cersei and jaime just changed places , and he found himself alone at court , guarding a mad king while four lesser men took their turns dancing on knives in his father 's ill - fitting shoes .
jaime danced around them with a golden sword , but for every one he struck down two more arose to take his place .
old nan used to tell stories about knights and their ladies who would sleep in a single bed with a blade between them for honor 's sake , but he thought this must be the first time where a direwolf took the place of the sword .
for every man we lost , two showed up to take his place .
they had armed themselves with torches in place of swords , and were lighting them in the flames .
the grand maester was a shambling skeleton , leaning heavily on a twisted cane and shaking as he walked , a few white hairs sprouting from his long chicken 's neck in place of his once - luxuriant white beard .
but in place of arms she had the wings of a bat or a dragon , her legs were the legs of an eagle , and behind she wore a scorpion 's curled and venomous tail .
lying abed in her narrow bunk , she found herself wondering how it would be to have a man squeezed in beside her in place of her handmaid , and the thought was more exciting than it should have been .
the dragonknight once won a tourney as the knight of tears , so he could name his sister the queen of love and beauty in place of the king 's mistress .
the king stands in your father 's place , since your brother is an attainted traitor .
as father of the realm , joffrey took the place of lord eddard stark .
joffrey and margaery led in their place .
` ` no , but others come in their places .
by rights your arms should bear two bloody infants in place of those ugly dogs . ''
rollam has taken bran 's place , and raynald is part theon and part jon snow .
his grace must make me his hand , in place of my traitor brother .
` ` how does lord walder relish dining on trout in place of wolf ? ''
galbart glover had taken command of the scouts and outriders in his place ; a good man , loyal and steady , but without the blackfish 's brilliance .
if theon had died in place of lord karstark 's sons , how much ill would have been undone ?
give me another apology in place of a grandson ?
when she wore a dress in place of a hauberk , lady maege 's eldest daughter was quite pretty ; tall and willowy , with a shy smile that made her long face light up .
to which ser marq piper threw back , ` ` i hear that frey women have two gates in place of one ! ''
tyrion found all this piety excessive , if truth be told , but in her place he might want the help of the gods as well .
they swear lord frey had the boy 's head hacked off , sewed the head of his direwolf in its place , and nailed a crown about his ears .
` ` years later , our father told us that aerys had cut himself on the throne that morning , so his hand had taken his place .
in place of merlons , a thousand grotesques and gargoyles looked down on him , each different from all the others ; wyvems , griffins , demons , manticores , minotaurs , basilisks , hellhounds , cockatrices , and a thousand queerer creatures sprouted from the castle 's battlements as if they 'd grown there .
the armory and the forge still stood , however , though cobwebs , rats , and dust had taken the places of blades , bellows , and anvil .
` ` blood of my blood , '' dany told them , ` ` your place is here by me .
` ` a splendid cup , '' said joffrey , ` ` but we 'll need to chip the wolf off and put a squid in its place , i think . ''
` ` you are too kind , my lady , '' said sansa , ` ` but my place is with my lord husband . ''
does she wish it were her in margaery 's place ?
hamish left them , his place taken by a smallish elderly bear who danced clumsily to pipe and drum while the wedding guests ate trout cooked in a crust of crushed almonds .
roots and dirt and rock in place of floor .
we 'll have our own wedding feast , and make another son in place of joffrey . ''
perhaps he resented him for taking old cressen 's place .
ser meryn trant was pleased to expand on ser balon 's account , when he took his place as witness .
he means to be king in my place . '
it fell to tywin to restore house lannister to its proper place .
had elia we d him in place of rhaegar targaryen , she might be in oldtown with her children growing tall around her .
two of his father 's guardsmen were joking about the imp 's whore , saying how sweet it would be to f**k her , and how bad she must want a real c**k in place of the dwarf 's stunted little thing .
and then the years were gone , and he was back at winterfell once more , wearing a quilted leather coat in place of mail and plate .
littlefinger had dismissed the eyrie 's captain of guards and put ser lothor brune in his place .
in place of the pink marble of the water gardens , sunspear was built from mud and straw , and colored brown and dun .
you must take father 's place as hand .
jaime 's arm rose to catch the blow , cat - quick ... but this cat had a cripple 's stump in place of a right hand .
who will take his place when he dies ?
my place is with my son . ''
` ` what goes in its place ? ''
then a voice behind her said , ` ` m'lady , here , have my place . ''
she felt near as stupid now , so she took the little man 's place at the end of the bench , signaled for stew , and turned to thank the dwarf .
asked ser marwyn belmore , a lanky ginger - headed knight who had been lysa 's captain of guards till petyr had put ser lothor brune in his place .
so the young king took margaery tyrell to wife in the red keep 's royal sept , with fewer than a hundred guests looking on in place of the thousands who had seen his brother joined to the same woman .
` ` my place is at the palace . ''
vegetables had been planted in the lots where some once stood ; merchant 's tents and knight 's pavilions took the place of others .
jon had named him a recruiter , to take the place of a man named yoren , who had vanished and was presumed dead .
` ` horas was to come with us in your place , whilst you remained on the arbor as lord paxter 's page and cupbearer .
my place is at darry with my son .
it is past time tommen had some young men about him in place of all these wrinkled greybeards .
once the queen let it become known that qyburn had taken the eunuch 's place , the usual vermin had wasted no time in making themselves known to him , to trade their whispers for a few coins .
in their places were men whose loyalty would be to her .
who shall sit in balon 's place ?
in place of a sword , he carried an old , nicked dagger .
would that jaime had come with me , she thought ... but he was a knight of the kingsguard , his rightful place was with his king .
in place of a jester 's flail he had a triple morningstar , three spiked balls chained to a wooden haft .
it was a deal harder to find a man to take my place .
we traded places on the seaswift , on the way to braavos .
even dung was dear here ; the braavosi used boats in place of horses .
my place is at his side . ''
` ` i suppose you would forgive them , in my place ? ''
later , when balon 's sons were born , he had grown to accept that one day he would kneel to them as well , when one of them took his father 's place upon the seastone chair .
old stale rushes covered the floor in place of the fine myrish carpet that had been there previously , and all the furnishings were new and crudely made .
` ` my place is with the king , my lady . ''
willas says that the iron king has raised up four lords of his own in their places . ''
` ` my place is back at king 's landing , with the king . ''
that was why they made me take dalla 's babe away and leave my own behind in his place .
if i were a man i could rule this realm in my own name in place of tommen 's .
i shall draw up a list of men suitable to take lord gyles 's place upon the council . ''
your grandsire took my own father 's place as hand to aerys . ''
cersei dreamt that she was down in the black cells once again , only this time it was her chained to the wall in place of the singer .
your brother went to king 's landing in your place , and they killed him ! ''
` ` i would as well , in your place . ''
i was to have sent you to tyrosh in her place .
a grimmer shadow leads us in his place . ''
` ` i would be afraid as well , in your place .
when i get out of here i will have the lot of them beheaded and find better men to take their place .
the king has removed him from office and raised the captain of the dragon gate in his place , a certain humfrey waters . ''
my place is with my king .
whitesmile wat went home with ser forley , so i thought i 'd see if i could win his place .
` ` my place is with the king .
moss and creeping vines covered the walls , sam saw , and ravens walked its battlements in place of archers .
though short and squat , he was heavy in the chest and shoulders , with a round , rock - hard ale belly straining at the laces of the leather jerkin he wore in place of robes .
when they did not respond , he repeated the question in high valyrian , though he had to say courtesan in place of whore .
one word from this lord and he would soon be hanging from the gallows gate of sisterton , but at least he was out of the rain , with solid stone beneath his feet in place of a heaving deck .
jon wondered what ygritte would have done in her place .
or would some other betrayer take his place ?
in art , music , magic , trade , all that makes us more than beasts , qarth sits above the rest of mankind as you sit at the summit of this pyramid ... but below , in place of bricks , the magnificence that is the queen of cities rests upon the backs of slaves .
when one dies another takes his place .
lord manderly 's household guard wore cloaks of blue - green wool and carried silver tridents in place of common spears .
a man would turn against me in your place , but we know what you are , do n't we ?
` ` my lord , '' he said , ` ` my place is here , with you .
be certain you reach westeros before my sister falls and someone more competent takes her place . ''
her bedchamber was small , but there was a myrish carpet on the floor and a mattress stuffed with feathers in place of straw .
` ` he was hardly cold before another took his place , calling himself cleon the second .
` ` it is not my place to choose your husband . ''
my place is by your side , whether here or in king 's landing ... but your place is back in westeros , upon the iron throne that was your father 's .
a golden skull atop a pole , and homeless harry strickland in his place .
i would have done the same in her place .
how could they have chosen him to take the blackheart ' s place ?
in place of gruel and stale bread and rotten meat , the usual dungeon fare , his keepers brought him fresh - caught fish , bread still warm from the oven , spiced mutton , turnips , carrots , even crabs .
` ` if it please my lord , who died in my place ? ''
he even trained the first pig , but by then he was too sick to ride her , so oppo took his place .
in its place he fastened a pink cloak , spattered with red garnets like those upon his doublet .
in place of a gown , she wore men 's breeches and a calf - length linen tunic , cinched at the waist with a belt of copper suns .
the question is , can i trust his daughters to serve me in his place ? ''
areo hotah remained as well , as was his place .
your place is by my side .
it 's said you mean to make him your steward and squire , in tollett 's place .
back then his uncle gerion had been on hand to praise his efforts , in place of surly sailors .
the outer wall , raised many centuries later , was twenty feet lower , but thicker and in better repair , boasting octagonal towers in place of square ones .
` ` the merling queen has chosen a new mermaid to take the place of the one that drowned .
the next piece of chattel was already being led up to take their place .
two slavers dragged jorah mormont onto the block to take her place .
they throw soft lead balls in place of stones . ''
in place of the rich robes of his predecessors , he wore a shapeless tunic of undyed wool that fell down to his ankles .
before it came , he must make certain that at least a few of his lads were ready to take his place at the queen 's side .
in place of one old lion , a pack of jackals .
` ` i 'll need two boys to take their places . ''
in the shavepate 's place stood a fat man in a muscled breastplate and lion 's mask , his heavy legs poking out beneath a skirt of leather straps : marghaz zo loraq , the king 's cousin , new commander of the brazen beasts .
it would be sweet to see the greenblood again , to visit sunspear and the water gardens and breathe the clean sweet mountain air of yronwood in place of the hot , wet , filthy humors of slaver 's bay .
once we have taken hizdahr , we will form a council to rule in his place and demand that the yunkai'i return our hostages and withdraw their armies .
in place of her former ladies - in - waiting , she will henceforth be attended by a septa and three novices selected by the high septon .
there are strategies in place .
days would pass without her showing up at court and levana was sent to take her place in countless meetings .
levana had n't the faintest idea who would fall and who would rise to take her place .
she slipped the charm into evret 's hand as sybil pulled her away , and a screaming winter collapsed against her father to take her place .
then he motioned for a soldier to take his place at the entrance and the two of us headed into a quiet , dark street near the back of the hospital .
now all my details are in place .
we ' ve switched places .
some people think i poisoned my father , so i could take his place . ''
another piece of the plan falls into place .
caring for me in his place is day , his face framed by hair the color of light , his hands readjusting the towel on my forehead , his eyes studying mine intensely .
the people have no idea that congress is sitting back , waiting for their anger to spill enough to put razor in anden 's place .
when i brush away more of the rocks and dirt , i see that the metal is lodged deep in the bank , so that it 's probably what 's holding the bank up in the first place .
this new girl has taken tess 's place , whether she meant to or not .
in its place appears what looks like a blog .
guilt takes its place .
after he awakened , another lie took its place : his life .
he joined monsieur , but madame had claimed her place at her husband 's side .
he would prefer , of course , to be in his proper place beside the king .
lucien entered and took his place at the king 's bedside , behind the gold balustrade that separated the curtained bed from the ordinary onlookers of his awakening .
` ` i sent her to attend mademoiselle in my place , '' marie - josephe said .
` ` i do n't begrudge him his place . ''
she was proud to be with her brother , yet she admitted to herself a shred of envy at mlle d'armagnac 's place , fluttering her fan at chartres , taking the chevalier de lorraine 's arm .
at yves ' side , marie - josephe waited in the marble courtyard , standing in her place behind mademoiselle .
she would miss caring for the sea monster , and yves might give her place to chartres .
odelette , in full health again , attended lotte in marie - josephe 's place , so marie - josephe 's hair remained appallingly undressed .
let me have my place , odelette . ''
count lucien surrendered his place in respect of the princess palatine ; only madame separated marie - josephe from the king .
the toothless man 's picture sat in his place today .
lucien raced after the king , holding zelis in her place .
his majesty , in cloth - of - gold , rubies , and diamonds , took his place without acknowledging that something terrible had happened .
` ` your place - '' ` ` our savior ministered to lepers .
in lucien 's place , the chevalier rewarded m. boursin .
manchee shouts and off he goes , jumping off the trail , no matter how loud i yell after him , and off i have to go , too , across the ( i look round to make sure i ' m alone ) goddam fields cuz cillian 'll have a fit if manchee falls down some goddam snake hole and of course it 'll be my own goddam fault even tho i never wanted the goddam dog in the goddam first place .
and i ' m mad he left , too , and i ' m mad my parents died and i ' m mad we ever thought of coming to this planet in the first place but that 's how it is and it 's crap that it 's just us but we ca n't do anything about it . ''
` ` and a new peace will take its place . ''
but i keep my place .
after all viola said she 's done , leading armies , blowing up half the city , putting herself in place to be the next leader of the town , i expected a giant .
` ` if we can stop him- '' then someone else will pop up in his place , says the sky .
` ` i ai n't taking yer place , '' i say , stepping out from the wreckage .
the booth 's hum died down and stopped , and a wheeeeee noise came in its place .
our bond slipped easily into place and knew immediately that my wolf and katie had been right all along .
* * * a few more days passed barbarossa , my friend , will you take my place in my bed today ?
he had hooves like a goat , in place of feet , and had horns on his head .
one of them did nt have a head on his shoulder and had large eyes on his chest , in place of his nipples .
i wish i had listened to you and appointed krampus to head this project in the first place !
devil glanced at jack , smiled faintly and said let jacks servant , moily take barbarossas place .
every time a choice is offered to someone , every possible outcome takes place , each outcome creating a whole new , parallel world .
( if the seeker is not available , the jasmine reader may take their place while thinking deeply of the seeker . )
everything falls into place .
have you forgotten your place servant ?
the remaining two windows depicted modern martyrs : st . maximilian kolbe ( 1941 , starved to death at auschwitz , gave his life in place of another ) , and gianna molla ( 1962 ) , only recently canonized for having sacrificed her life in bringing her unborn child into the world , rather than having her aborted in order to treat the cancer which ultimately claimed the life of this young doctor and mother of four .
this made my dad the next target , it was why he was the alpha now as well , jake was older but he ran so my father had to step up in his place .
it 's like alysha has taken my place , mum will talk to her and she is n't even her daughter .
it still moved inside him like a foreign presence , never quite settling down into that comfortable spot he had known before bernam had taken it from him in the first place .
bait & switch ( a single - title romantic comedy ) after switching places with his identical twin to catch a criminal , mitch is the one who 's hooked - on his brother 's girl !
` ` it was n't your place to clear up the situation you 're involved in ? ''
and now that the fire - wolf has been foundwhy , palva , i believe its only a matter of time before the rest of it falls into place .
it is nt in his place to order me around , and if that bothers him , then its his problem .
to know that in ten years , when the next blue moon waxes in the sky , that a new pup will be born into your place , and when the pup no longer needs your advice , you will die .
it is not in your place to know .
tis not in my place to reverse the balance between prey and predator , said the river .
if she did , ill swear by anything leron would ve made xelind chief hunter in her place , regardless of the fact that he was a sentinel .
i am sure that nerasa has much better things to do than follow you around to clean up your bloodwhich she would never have to do had you listened to me in the first place !
tir stared at her , his thoughts trickling back into place .
she feels a tingling warmth then a rapidly coolness , opening her eyelashes and views a set of three pink bracelets in place of three paint stripes on her arm .
cheers ring in place of boos as he names with a toothy smile .
kodare debates in place of dead doboil .
we ca nt let those teens die in place of us baycliff laughs with an evil baritone and ends rusks statement , differently .
tulu and i exit into the hallway as mccamy checks his ammo , and re - loads the gun then kneecaps at broken window in place of me aiming and firing into the advancing lights that shine brightly in the continuously night before sun block .
ebro passes baycliff , heading towards the huddle of teens , and views in both shock and joy at his pale - faced son , understanding that rusk is dying of the fatal bite - nats blood exchange , kneeling in place of taffy , and names bravely .
the answer is 9 - months , 3 - days , 7 - hours , 39 - minutes , and 4 - seconds which means we , earthlings must have an agricultural process in place growing food and feeding millions of people , and thousands of animalsor.bum , bum , bum , bum.we perish .
if anyone accepts the challenge in viscount lad 's place , you should speak nowor never .
someone else can take his place ?
do you accept viscount lad 's place ?
this is called a mini - bot , being used in place of the old flying style personal robot .
zak took my place and died .
the large room has been mathematical equally divided in the middle of the wide space with a standing podium in place of the desk .
this is the deed to the bonita castle owned by lord dirk but it hasmy name in place of dirks .
bbot will provide you another excellent meal in my place .
leave tina , your friend kindly be taking your place .
unacceptable , josh barks like a coon dog in place of drakes baritone trombone then writes a couple of words inside his notepad data from his open latin textbook .
i took his place since he seemed to vanish into thin air he chuckles like a silly clown then inquires with a handsome grin .
a giant of a man with angular features and muscles that bulged through his white shirt stood at the front of the class in place of agent ward .
you know how many kids would kill to take your place ?
i should be thanking elizabeth for getting herself pregnant in the first place .
things fell into place then , and shawn turned to mr . clearwater in disbelief .
several would take shape before disintegrating so others could take their place .
the tables and chairs that once were scattered around the space are not in sight ; in their places are four mattresses with accompanying blankets , pillows and sleeping bags .
it seems every time one walker goes down , three more rush to take its place as more and more are attracted in from the streets by the raging gunfire .
the walkers drop one by one as we open fire on the shop floor , but it seems that no matter how many we take down , there are plenty to take their places .
we climb the steps of the bank and from the roof ; robert stands alone with a small handgun in his hand taking the places of all three absent guards .
but right now , i do nt think they would trade places with us .
running into mr . birdsong like that brought back memoriesgood and badbut mostly they felt guilty for getting him fired in the first place .
gone was the lovably husky mouse they d rescued , and in his place was a troglodytic mass of chiseled bone and sculpted muscle .
plus , blue was about to take his place , and baird would nt have that .
besides , you did nt look like you were up for the task of putting her in her place .
in her place ?
his temper was on a gradual decrescendo after having been put in his place by elle .
s - bricks took the place of gold bricks .
i have to stay for the peace day parade , and i ve got to stop by the way west to see my uncle jack again at some point , but we can leave the day after that if everythings in place .
though both of them were filthy , sam reached out after he resumed his place at the wheel .
he did not trust his tongue to say anything as he traded places with blue so that he could scrub up from the nights deed as well .
haven felt guilty about letting lee go in the first place , and so she decided to take the situation into her own hands .
he had to at least see her again , but if he could send someone else with her in his place , then she would have more of a chance .
a metal door with a black keypad in place of a doorknob was set into the thick wall a few feet away .
with a grave face , colin returned to his place .
cassandra gave up her place to medea , and electra began combing her black hair .
twenty pairs took hands and began the dance , which sometimes required the partners to trade their places and their companions .
electra threw a quick glimpse at eric , pointing at the hair of his companion , then smiled gently to the man who traded places with the officer .
he made another attempt when the lady and greta exchanged places , but again to no avail .
no one was ever going to take his place and she knew it .
jedda thought that , in her place , ianna would not be so bold as to refuse the blindfold .
and he s here on earth to watch over his own until she accepts her reign and takes her place with him .
in his place was hayes .
your place is with me .
ah , about time you asked the reason for your existence and why i mated with a female human to create you in the first place .
i know he himself ca nt be taken out completely because another would take his place , but i thought of a few ways we could take ourselves out of the picture and away from him safely as well as maybe hold him off from destroying the human population in the process .
i never believed it because i am immortal and knowing i will take my fathers place made me act as if invincible .
its never connected before now , but it all fell in place .
that s why i ve asked dinnick to let me take his place today .
in its place was a look of shock .
it might be more important to the clan that you patrol or scout or something and so you would do that and other rats would forage in your place .
breslin took his place .
i blew a few strands of blond hair out of my eyes , realizing why i had told merrin all that stuff , probably why i answered her in the first place .
i should have come with him in the first place , he thought .
in fact , she was the one who gave me the application in the first place .
is every team still in place ?
yeah , dirty boots ca nt take the place of ruby red slippers , i m afraid , even if i do look like the tin man in this thing , he joked , thumping his metal chest .
in place of a novel , she knew what she would be looking at before bed tonight .
is nt that why she agreed to the date in the first place ?
is ivan in place ?
danni waited until gerald left the room before she assumed her place at darrens side .
sorry , danni mumbled and took her place at his side .
nothing has sprung up to take its place , not that anything would .
several tentacles drop to the ground from my blades , but more seem to be taking their place .
i move to take his place ; there are too many demons to try and treat the wound .
we still have the guide , and the spells to compel it are in place .
` ` it would nt be that hard to put someone in place . ''
and now claris and kate held her in georginas place .
solstice , slipping in around the other side , deftly took his place .
i shall take your place !
so i really do nt think she me neither , galilee said , taking his place at their head once more .
switched places .
in place of these it appeared to be being dragged along by the floating spheres and their connecting , fluctuating strands .
and the blue faded , leaving an outline of green shadow in its place .
in the place where her booth was once located , a bread booth was in its place .
if i said the wrong thing , she would probably turn me into dust and choose someone else to take my place .
that aside i can not simply forgive you for what took place so this is my judgment , as you have given your life to me you will now be a surrogate son of mine as well as lokis , you will listen to my guidance and pay me the heed you would a father .
standing in his place is a sphinx flanked by two gegenees on either side , the six armed giants stare at them with foam covered mouths and jagged teeth .
well find out , if they are stopped from sending help or the gods keep us from solving the puzzle it ll be pretty clear but if that was the case then i do nt think my father would have made the creation in the first place .
when the glow fades there is a large man standing in its place .
zeus replies with a wink as his shape shifts until kol is standing there in his place and the other kol turns to light and disappears .
the little girl 's expression dips , a frown taking the place of her smile , but she climbs onto the last swing in line and waits .
it was just an efficiently designed elevator , working with a track system in the place of pulleys .
the enthusiasm she had always exuded was lost , leaving only fatigue in its place .
i frowned in disappointment to find a very cross looking face in its place .
in its place , red bubbles mushroomed over the city .
goodbye colonel khan , now you shall take the unfortunate girls place .
it receded and a vision took its place .
zoeys smile suddenly dropped and for a split second a look of concern took the place of her smile .
it is nt hot if you took it from someone that stole it in the first place .
that s where zoey and i were planning on taking it in the first place .
she held a small ball of glowing light cradled in a human looking hand except thin webs connected her delicate fingers and where their legs should have been , a brightly scaled fish tale took their place .
i could nt get a really good look at him because every time someone walked away , there was someone else taking their place .
ill go back and take her place .
i also know the power you feel taking its place .
said the oldest looking one with white hair partially gone on one side with colorful scales reflecting the light in its place .
when i opened them , he had taken tommit 's place .
all of the roses fell to the ground , and large sharp thorns returned in place of the flowers .
i wanted to take it back , apologize , turn back time , even , and never say it in the first place .
this will be your place .
edmund released me and my father harold stepped into his place and continued to lead me around the ballroom .
` ` who is going to take my place ?
to my right further down by the wall , on my whitewashed work desk , i notice my laptop is no longer there and in its place sits what looks like a heartbeat monitor .
it fell , and water took its place .
then again , since young chan is not with you , it brings me to wonder who may have taken his place .
i gave his place to zachary , but he refused it .
i had to put the blame on someone for this happening and it had to be kushal given that it was him who told tanyas dad in the first place .
its been more than two weeks since i have been lying in the fucked up place half dead and yet you did nt even care to talk to me or even talk to your best friend ayesha to check if i was alive or dead when the beating i took was because of you in the first place .
one fine evening , when i was doing nothing , which was pretty much what i did every single day ever since i had been on the bed more than two and a half weeks ago , apart from the massive brain washing which also consumed around one third of the day , with no effect of course , my phone buzzed which was pretty much a rarity ever since the ass whopping part took place !
everything will start falling in place as they have been planned .
obviously i was n't around when the patches first went up to cover the giant gaping holes in the ozone layer but i heard that it took a tremendous amount of energy and power to put them up in the first place .
just like that it vanishes and an amused look takes its place .
she took janelles place and took vortex guys pulse .
her father tugged her away , taking her place at his side .
gary took her place , fists balled and nodding at some chairs nearby .
if she dies , maybe a tempest with some morals could take her place .
its against the natural law to take another tempests place .
it seemed that some of the darkness inside him had cleared up , leaving a glow in its place .
he took garys place and leaned down towards her .
only an ominous silence had taken its place .
and her father took his place .
i have no time to cry out to uncle cassius before the world snaps to black and silence takes the place of all .
soon the chill began to seep from my body and warmth took its place .
then i pictured arriving back in the hut and how the tree had fallen on the door , which was why i d had to leave through the tunnel in the first place , and knew i needed to have a way to get out of the damaged structure .
it felt like all of my plans were finally falling into place .
dark brows knitted together , and i realized they too were painted onto his skin in place of the hair that should have been .
he told me he wanted you to be strong for us now , in his place .
their faces blurred and traded places with a strange fur - coated people whose hands were oddly similar to ours .
and last but not least , thank you grandpa for sharing your love of writing and the written word in the first place .
roland takes his place with them to hold her legs and chant .
to tell him means to admit he knows better and i should have listened to the monster in the first place .
in its place is a wall of blackness somehow liquid and moving .
but as her father had pointed out on more than one occasion , she could hardly take one person out of the kitchen only to throw someone else right there in their place .
cursing softly to himself for forcing someone to take an extra shift at watch because of him , hal tried to slide off of the table and take his place on watch .
it occurred to me that he had nt wanted things to turn out the tragic way they did , so why had nt he prevented it in the first place ?
actually , excluding direct contact , there were two other occasions where we interactedhed answered two chemistry questions in my place when i dropped behind in ms . psychotics class yesterday , infuriating ms .
as erdwin stepped away from the bed , perisa immediately took his place .
leons mother , however , more than adequately took her sons place in this regard .
but he had also been shown the private interviews that had taken place with psychiatrists and doctors tasked with assessing each individual dragons mental state before they were allowed into hong kong , the dragon seated in a comfortable , ultra - modern high backed chair , the interview panel kind , courteous and considerate .
behind him , as he was pummelled , kicked , snatched at and furiously head - butted , he was dimly aware that someone had taken his place at the wheel .
there s been aa stand - increated to take your place .
she responded , nerves taking the place of her manners .
she understands my concern over the importance of standing in my place to care for you .
no , harrison opted to confer with samuel in my place this time .
even if you do , and we need to send a stand - in in your place again , i am sure it would be easier for you to adjust to pemdas this time .
nathanial was to remain at the palace to stand in navarres place , serving as a symbol of strength until their emperor returned .
i believe you have the answer in the earthling , and you will soon take your place over us all ; using the powers of the stone to manipulate the earth , and therein , the junctions by which we all travel .
she 's been wiped clean and the child he 's left in her place wo n't even remember her own name . ''
` ` you ' ve supported brandon by killing jaguars , but more importantly you ' ve helped put in place all of the controls that make independents willing to come down here and fight for brandon and kaleb .
it lurched , stepping away from the curb on four feet , with a frill where the windshield should be and two great long horns in the place of headlights .
and reality slammed into place all at once .
most children are told to put it under their pillow so that the tooth fairy can come and take it and leave some money in its place .
the two easily cut through the ranks of bandits , but for every one that died , another took his place .
what shall it be caleb , watch your friend here die or take his place the choice is yours .
the answer to his question is belac charging at the creature with caleb flying above him and blowing fire but the moment they connect with the monster in battle the two heads they destroy the spirits they are using are sucked out of them and added to the creature taking the place of destroyed heads .
the fact that this boy even still lives proves that you have failed your assignment , and are in violation of the agreement we made when you decided to join me in the first place .
your teacher could nt make it in today , so i will be taking his place .
immediately his smile disappeared and a pressed line took its place .
he had his hand raised up to his face , three fingers were missing and sprouts of blood were in their place .
the captains voice was practically in jacksons ear , and for the first time it occurred to him to wonder who had pushed him down in the first place .
i ' ve come in place of my father , harrison mcbride . ''
harlow gladly took the sick mans ' place .
` ` i came to take my father 's place in the war .
enders asked , his shock wearing off and slight irritation taking it 's place .
so many times she could have died , but so many others had died in her place .
i do want to take your place .
and when i die my son will take my place .
and then maybe i would never have gotten so broken in the first place .
in his place , lying contentedly upon the floor , was a gloriously white unicorn .
he turned to walk back , removing part of the pistol and putting a new piece in its place .
out the ambulance entrance , an er nurse , who had signed as the receiving facility in place of his dead patient , walked to her car .
and there , in his proper place , sat king barjon .
you will maintain your place .
instead of riding to join his army and deal with the uprisings , he had to send soldiers in his place .
so ... perhaps princess amer was smuggled from the castle during the takeover and another baby put in her place .
more than once already i d held my breath , forcing my sharp canines back into place .
sharra intends to take your place as ruler of the vampires .
before our eyes , the blur began to come more into focus until the fog around it diminished , completely leaving a young boy about mason 's age standing in its place .
then he walked down to the edge of the playground to take his place with the other boys he was competing against .
the citizens yell , hoot , hand clap , boot stamp , and whistle when i stomp in place a right sandal then a left sandal .
i give you permission to take my place , sbot , whining like a whipped woof puppy with closed eyelashes .
i can not possibility take your place , countess starra .
rann can take the place of the young mother , the young child , and the young me .
that i can order ula to take my place .
heck , that was why shed moved down here in the first place , to be near dr greenson .
all of it , as you d expect , taking place around marilyns last resting place .
and now , snow fell taking its place in large puffy flakes .
her death set the whole world of iethia upside down , and chaos to rule in her place , piper said weaving through the trees .
the one who wo nt accept her place .
how long had it taken her parents to make their choiceto offer their difficult daughter , their prickly solitary single - minded daughter , in place of the pliable flirt with the harmless dreams every girl in the village shared ?
in his place stood a boy .
as i took my place , my father fell in a bit behind me and to my right , taking the place of the adjutant ( what we consider second in command ) .
the others fell into their place with the practice and familiarity as a fish takes to water .
you will not allow the men who have shown interest to take bens place .
when they died , frederick and bess took their places , though no one outside the phantoms and my mother knew that bess was the leader .
mr . james monroe was the hopeful to take president madisons place .
i did not want someone else to take bens place in my memory .
when i excelled in everything that my father threw at me , he announced that i would one day take his place .
i would be out , and my children would take my place .
fenrir will be taking your place watching the white phantom .
come forth , brother , and take your place .
her step seemed to drag as she moved to take her place .
cedric is busy here , but if i am not being presumptuous , i will gladly go in his place , he offered , looking between the two .
he howls and reaches for it and i slam him again with the pot , chopping off two fingers that go flying , black goo gushing in place of blood .
i kinda dug it when the living bride rejects him at the end of zombie groom and i get his motivation but the whole movie is suddenly about the epic battle between zombie groom and the zombie groomsman who bit him in the first place .
if you ve got cold feet , there are plenty more lucky ladies in line to take your place .
shed almost forgotten why she stopped him in the first place , but the taste of fresh blood from her lip suddenly reminded her .
if you keep up this working pace , i can take you as my apprentice , and you can take my place when i am gone ... well , i d say that its about time to finish off the day .
since michaels hand was broken , ryan took his place in dueling the boy .
tonight @ 10pmsame place as last time .
call ; the call from the hot celebrity you ve been salivating over since puberty ; or a call from the queen of england saying , you were accidentally switched at birth , but fortunately , we ve found you just in time to take your rightful place on the throne .
and going back home is only going to make me relive all the reasons why i left in the first place .
what s even worse is , the whole reason he d come over to the house in the first place was to apologize to morgan and the boys .
she disappeared on me and in her place is sappy nellie .
all shed have to do is use her soundimer to put it all in its place .
i love her so much and i feel like i failed , like it may as well have been me to put her there in the first place .
in the end , things fell into place because of the color of the card walter wrote the threat on .
any parent who wishes one child was dead in place of another is an asshole , daphne , plain and simple .
and suddenly , it clicked into place .
and one to my mother to tell her i d tried to take her place , but was nt allowed .
if i ca nt take my moms place , then i will go with the both of you .
he took his place at her side and they began to weave through the trees .
she dropped the seed to the ground and watched as a fully grown cedar took its place .
any other young citizen would trade places with you in a moments notice .
they have looked into what it would take to raise a child from infancy and discovered that they would need several more guardians in place to care for these much younger children .
nothing in this world could ever take the place of my mother , of course .
i hastily pulled down my sleeve , not really sure why i had shoved it up in the first place .
i realized that if gideon had really wanted to kill me , he d have done it by now , and with that realization a lot of my fear lifted , leaving in its place a little anxiety and a little wistful sadness .
she would be devastated , of course , to lose her place as their parents favorite child .
i looked over at tobias and saw that his eyes had been destroyed , dark holes resting in place where they had been .
that was what i d wanted in the first place so maybe it put us on the same page again .
in its place , the truth spread like wildfire .
good for her to finally act like a normal human being and apologize for doing something she should nt have even thought to do in the first place .
but on a second thought , no woman who has a man like me wo nt show this much love to her husband because the moment she snaps a finger , over a million other women will want to come and take her place .
and what takes the place of the its ?
as soon as jessinta left me , bisola came to take her place , folded her hand around my waist and dropped a soft kiss on my cheek .
oh man , i knew i should have switched places with pete , he moaned as he joined me with a small splash .
he and peter disappeared behind the structure and two large dark shapes returned in their place .
roland would nt have needed healing if i had nt almost gotten him killed in the first place .
saving the trolls and rolands life might have redeemed me if i had nt put them in danger in the first place .
his leather jacket was gone , and in its place was his warrior harness .
the girl who had returned in her place was no longer chained to the pain in her past .
it allowed those behind them to move forward and take their place .
manuel , you ll take lucass place at forward .
or kill another politician so as to take his place ?
but you have to know that lori would have never been in that situation if you had n't talked to nick in the first place .
in their place were billions upon billions of atoms , hovering and vibrating magnetically together but never quite touching .
the entire roof which had once domed above the sanctuary floor had given way and in its place was a crown of thick , green leaves blowing and rippling like a huge bubble squeezing up through the broken rafters .
the ice - like shavings simply vanished a short ways ahead as if they 'd never really existed in the first place .
if tim had a better mother , maybe he would nt have turned to drugs in the first place .
she still questioned herself , still felt uncertain about her place with tim .
angel grabbed the chair katelyn held and traded places with it to put herself in between katelyn and mona .
were not breaking up , but maybe we were nt together in the first place , kai sighed , holding his cup of steaming black coffee .
the man laughed and just said , just keep walking , or you ll take her place .
everything was in its place , though she could nt tell why she had expected anything different .
she selected one that smelled calming and business like , bought it , and went back to the housesaying only nine words since she left the door in the first place .
most of the words disappeared into her as quickly as they had come , but other swirls , which looked like strokes from a thick paintbrush , took their place .
i was protecting resh , when i should have just put a bullet through his heart in the first place .
in his place , he left his sons and daughters to reign above humans as gods .
there would be at least 20 more girls clawing to take my place , all of whom would be super - happy to see me go .
libby was in the place on another matter entirely .
as if by clockwork , everything started to click into place .
if you re going home well have to get someone else to take your place .
or , i might put it this way : it would help to satisfy a craving which it caused in the first place .
the only part of the job he could nt do yet was to hike the ball accurately on the long snap for kicks ; but for that he would switch places with don lake , who could make the long snap when needed .
guts had nt mastered the long snap , so he traded places with don luke for the attempt .
i wish we could find someone to put in his place .
coach andrews finally put smitty into the lineup in tonys place .
when the now familiar number 5 ran out to take his place with the team , the spectators gave a roar of applause and many began chanting , tony - - tony .
smitty took his place but they only ran two plays before the time was up for the first half .
you have to take my place in the next raid .
i see someones taken my place .
a single tear rolled down her cheek as she covered herself in magic and took leighas place .
either way , it still should nt be claires job to take my place .
if you die , wo nt a new queen take your place ?
i called out to her to get up it , but lucia rocketry , who had been running on the ground beside us , began mountaineering up the side of the brick row house , her limbs switching places like a spider as she pulled herself up the rough brick surface .
and it 's carpeted in place of those polished white floors .
i retreat to the seat and close my eyes again , which is what i wanted to do in the first place .
beth 'll have to take her place . ''
during this quick succession of events taking place before them both , cetra and billy watched for a moment , then looked to each other , glanced back , and again looked at each other .
as absurd as that may have sounded , the very idea felt compounded when they all came to an abrupt halt in a clearing amongst the trees where one of the smaller humps reaped out a large root ball of what appeared to be potatoes from the ground , while at the same time loudly proclaiming the salivary sound of shweises , before setting off again to where ever they had set off to in the first place .
from the insignificant yellow flowering plant held so dear by the young and frivolous emma piebeard , who one day forgot to water it and thus found it the next day huddled into a ball and crying its last breath of oxygen ; to the one recently deceased town elder , bart bigbod , who undesirably put forward a bill to have those very sheds dismantled and in their place proposed the establishment of a town cemetery proper .
thus in place of bravery barret grabbed hold of billys arm and suggested by the strength of his grip that he had no intentions of letting go .
another trainer took his place .
but if he was going to give in , why had he run in the first place ?
in its place surged his instinct and will to survive the coming catastrophe , a baser version of his self that had no place in the world he d known his whole life .
many children , in her place , would have wept and given way to despair ; but because dorothy had encountered so many adventures and come safely through them it did not occur to her at this time to be especially afraid .
the gauntness in his cheeks quickly faded , leaving a healthy glow in its place .
if this oscillation ever stops , a void of nothingness would take its place .
it would nt matter if it was a void of light or a void of darkness ; in a void , no action can take place .
the reason i brought you to d - section in the first place was in the belief that you were the best , that you excelled in this area .
he switched them both off but several more alarms took their place .
if he did , i wonder why he even bothered to give it to her in the first place .
phillip took their place and i reached for him .
you brought me here , told me to spread my wings , find freedom , find myself , find love so i could take your place one day .
i wish i could take her place , kihanna .
all of the years of information that roger had stuffed inside his head threatened to spill out so he could put the bully in his place but he was sworn to secrecy so he tried to reason with the minotaur .
no sooner had stannard been disposed of than harden had taken her place .
lastly , thanks to someone who i have never met ; the author who made me want to write books in the first place : terrance dicks .
at least we d get the publicity you were so keen on in the first place , said hamish sarcastically .
` ` this class stands in the place of regular gym class .
she called , her previous fear ebbing away and laughter taking its place .
they believe that if they die , they must have a successor to take their place .
a strangled gurgle bubbled in my throat in place of the scream that i tried to voice .
as daniel left the room , the darkness that i d been trying to avoid seemed to spill in and take his place , as though he was the only source of light available to me .
in its place , a bottomless calm settled over me .
a mighty blow will be brought those buying sin with sin for only what has been held in place by divine order will endure ; happiness will attain when regard for all creatures is held in like manner as all humanity might wish for self .
as i watched them greet your passage this morning , i could see my place readied in the hall ; the castle having graciously made room ample for the sweep of my robes .
without light , the skin of plaster walls moved into mysterious shape ; welcoming scents of steaming kitchens falling back , giving place to a mixture of wax and incense strong and unnamed ; jonathan shivering in a strange cold , feeling lost in this city he loved .
he was a changed man indeed , and goga hated this new stranger that had taken his brothers place .
the king took the doctors place , with a bandage on his right hand and wearing long black robes .
i suppose i must accept my duty and take my place as kai of the zariens .
basha and monika were setting off to go and live with monikas tribe in the desert , where she would claim her place as kai of the tribes .
basha promised all of them that once monika had taken her place , he might visit them in a year or so .
only in my dream no one survived , so no one was left wishing they could switch places with the deceased .
i want evvie returned to sheridan , unconscious , so that she ca nt watch me go in her place .
when i see her and confirm that she is alive , i will drive willingly to the county to take her place .
you may have my life in place of hers .
lukilar , the eldest by three years , grew up to take his fathers place , while goddard , the younger , was given control of the kingdoms military , as is customary for younger brothers .
taking pity on a boy he had nt wanted to battle in the first place , auk lifted the young shiphand and set him upright .
she was pleased to see the wry arch of the captains brow as she put him in his place .
how terrible must it have been as they slowly came to realize there was a scheme aboard jas put himself in their place , hearing the whispers of a plot against the crown , discovering that he floated upon a condemned royal ship .
nah , all cats is girls , said the second guard , returning to his place .
maybe the naive boy had drowned , but the man who took his place was a master of resourcefulness and tacthed survived the fire and fury only to emerge stronger than before .
when an evil man took their place , it seemed only too fitting .
you could take his place as bully with a punch like that .
there were too many other thoughts to take their place .
in place of the individual teeth marks is a crescent shaped scab which looks like it could be a bite mark , but could have been made by something else .
the faucet makes this loud rumbling sound as i turn it on and in place of water a steady flow of roaches bursts forth , filling the tub .
then a set of inhuman glowing red eyes roll down in their place and stare back at me .
as the trees gave way , something else took their place .
nice and strong , well done , sebastian , she said as sebastian proudly took his place at her side again .
gone were the sharp eyes and insightful spirit ; in their place was a woman who peered out at the world in fear and pain .
my place was to run beside it , pandering to the passengers .
in its place laid a few coins and a toothbrush .
he looked and saw grimdin freeze in his place , face ashen , struck with disbelief .
but the axe warrior stood in its place and flung its giant axe at grimdin .
at these words dorthia waved her hands , and the mouse screeched in its place as she pointed at steven .
like a dead tree , grimdin bristled in his place .
on a failed attempt to stab the golden nail into its place , roargorth murmured , a head of steel you have on you , gold .
in its place , buds of jasmine appeared , opening up to a full bloom .
he bowed and said , your highness , everything is in place .
she turns on her heel and storms off and i ' m left regretting ever having gone there in the first place .
* you know you deserve to die in place of your sister , the man almost laughed .
would you willingly take her place ?
ill die in her place .
his mind swelled in despair , it was my fault that she had the bag in the first place !
she pulled it out and grimaced , suddenly wishing she had never found it in the first place .
the purple glow was gone and in its place , a small black dot was swirling like a vortex in the middle , which then began to spread over the gray color that had formed .
there was a prophesy foretold long ago that one day someone will take my place , hekate continued without acknowledging willows inner struggle to remain calm , a healer , as it were .
a quiet fear crept up in its place .
declan aldridge , son of emerson aldridge , head warlock of the emerald circle had chosen to fight the angont in place of the healer , willow rose .
he took my place !
and once i deliver you to her , i shall take my place as king among the magic casters !
well , i am glad he was able to assist you although , it was his fault you ended up in the hands of the fey in the first place .
the breath leaves me as torturous agony takes its place .
tallie tells me that if your foot touches someone elses square , that means you re out of the game and a new player takes your place .
in place of the crooked wooden door , an elaborate one with gold trim appeared .
they made mathen sound like a king and if jas could somehow get mathen to like him then not only might jas find someplace safe to stay , but he might be able to take mathen 's place one day .
we came up with a plan to get rid of the judge and have mr . stoneman take his place so he could put a stop to the abuse .
nothing , no one , would ever quite take their place in my life .
the comment got rid of the pout and brought a flush in its place .
salena took hilda 's place and entered the ring .
each ruler after the next was driven mad or slaughtered while decent nobles fled , leaving devious men in their place .
upon copying the file , please immediately eliminate any evidence of your having opened it in the first place .
it was nt the sort of work you would expect to be doing in place of jail time .
however , we have another plan in place .
so that s why she joined the department in the first place , amber said quietly .
maybe she should take my place .
each time a head of the deadly beast was cut off , the man went on , two more grew back in its place .
ash took a death breath and decided to say something that was completely out of place for a keeper .
if it was so easy for leon to kill the creatures , why did nt he just do it in the first place ?
no , i do not , annalise said quietly , sadness filling her at the thought of someone else taking leons place .
now she had taken that away and put something ugly in its place .
she was so jealous of franks place of father figure that she had taken him away from henry .
and there were other girls ready and willing to take her place .
i just i was just surprised to find you in my place .
i mean how do you run away straight to the thing you re actually really supposed to be running away from in the first place ?
if shelly had done her job in the first place none of this might have happened .
gradually , aj became convinced that nothing would stop her from taking her rightful place as one of the elite in the current government .
where eyes should have been , there were black holes , with two reefs of sharp coral in their place .
but she could nt trade places with him , and all she heard was daniel asking his father where he was going and why he was leaving the house so early in the morning .
the old man was gone and standing in his place was a younger mana much younger man , probably his fathers age .
he could live a hundred years , and no dayno matter how terriblewould take that ones place .
well , why do nt you go in my place then ?
although that 's why she was screaming in the first place .
the sun quickly disappeared with the moon beginning to take its place .
what is all that happened took place in my mind ?
taylor and i knew sam well enough to know that she did not want to talk about whatever it was that was on her mind until she had processed everything and had an idea in place .
if need be , we will plant a sapling in its place . ''
now that urnol and i have seen what horrors take place inside the castle ?
but he quickly realized a tuxedo remained in its place .
with mister and mrs . lonelys term as caretakers almost expired , someone new must step up to take their place .
he kicked furiously , wishing for and receiving a pair of diving fins in place of his shoes .
or perhaps , lord pipsqueak suggested , i ve only allowed a weaker enemy to take the place of a stronger one ?
ayden 's once cheerful smile soured , leaving the down - turned lines of a pout in its place .
as long as the skia that took his place remains stuck inside that picture , panch 's spirit will remain there as well .
but no matter how many they destroyed , there were always more to take their place .
she watched the queen from her position at her sandaled feet , thinking how she would love to put her in her place .
besides , i really ca nt work out how she s standing in front of me with all her fingers back in place .
even so , she was the one who introduced me to the gloves in the first place .
i glance around the shop , noticing straight away that the elizabeth taylor mannequins back in its place .
in their place , there s a richly decorated court room , a throng of expensively attired men and women .
as he could nt have me as his latest costume , cath would have to take my place .
if paris is seen to abduct her in your place .
juniper trees , pion pines , and scrub oak took the place of cactus and sage .
if someone else was taking arics place tonight there could be trouble tomorrow .
she usurped your proper place .
she had nt known that aric and helga had ever intended to call them back from their places beside the paramount chieftain at brattahlid .
she seemed small and frail sitting in fathers place .
in their place were intimidating , thin trees with delicate branches full of small leaves the color of silver .
i d trade places with you if i could , cassidy .
her new navy blue backpack was sitting in the seat next to her , waiting for me to take its place .
when i had regained enough composure to turn back to the scene , a giant wolf had taken lucys place .
as for your mother , the castle would provide one of our servants for her to take your place , of course , oslan assured her .
there was a mysterious pale man with jet black hair in what should have been his place .
in its place the face of the boy from the tavern and newer dreams of magdolyns wedding swam into view .
aylan is almost ready , i must get home sasha , to save maggie and to take my place at her side before my sometime friend can do more damage .
but you must stay and take your place as king .
in the weeks that followed , much took place .
and just because you try to cancel or retract a statement or comment , does n't change that fact that you said it in the first place .
the light and joy in her face is instantly gone , in its place is a woman who is not happy .
savannahs eyes open suddenly and i see the bright red blood lust in place of her beautiful blue .
the ice shack is gone , and in its place is a blood red sky with a dark funnel cloud cutting its way to her .
the passage is nt big enough for us to switch places .
i m not gon na just give you to them in his place , peter said flatly .
if you did nt want to publish the data even if it worked , why did you agree to do it in the first place ?
instantly the scab on isdemuss forearm evaporated and in its place blossomed pink new flesh like a babys bottom , contrasting strangely with the wrinkles surrounding it .
the moment he vanquished one , casting it into the churning waters below , another moved forward to take its place , like an infinite queue .
well , then , why did he go with peter in the first place ?
in her place there were about five or six girls observing him , with his cousins in the middle of the pack .
giving tips to mac on dance moves and how to better fit in to the lifestyle of the group , jung - ja did nt seem to harbor any resentment that mac had taken his place .
she could just picture him waiting there patiently until she decided to finally open the doorpatiently was a stretch but she was surprised none the less that he had knocked in the first place so that was a step in the right direction for him .
i was the reason we started working on this case in the first place , you ca nt just cut me from it !
honey i did nt invite you , i was nt the one to call and tell you that we were having a funeral in the first place so i do nt know , skylar answered as she went back to cleaning the dishes .
a shiver shot up my back , making my whole body twitch , taking away some of my excitement , and leaving dread in its place .
a hot dinner would be ready to serve as he took his place at the table .
the more time i spent with her , the more she loosened up and the more i remembered why we became friends in the first place .
i took a couple of fifties and two more immediately took their place .
if there was a way , i would ve switched places with alexa .
but when steph shows up she s taking your place .
you go in your place .
go in your place .
within an hour , our stuffs delivered in our place .
i was not expecting that raj would come to pick up me in place of jiju .
i would trade places with them in a heartbeat .
he urged me to come in his place .
reversing it , if he could , would have cost him what he had gained in the first place .
the minute i found the image i was looking for , another menial image was thrown up in its place .
as the sun took its lowest place on the horizon before it dipped below the never ending peaks and valleys , the driver finally slowed to a complete stop .
once on solid ground , i pushed myself up to my hands and knees and felt through the dirt as i crawled forward or at least in a forward direction until the ground ended and another stone wall ascended in its place .
for only a moment , i did nt see my sometimes irritating and always overdramatic twin brother ; in his place i saw a great leader , and a great man .
the healing process was bracingly painful , worse when the bones went back together than when they broke apart in the first place .
the shadow i struck did disappear into the night once it was successfully destroyed but hundreds more had filled its place and i had to work to focus on anything but the rotting smell of slime covering my arms and face .
i reached for the katana i had dropped next to me , but in its place was a shadow instead .
i lifted my eyes to ryder who was very effectively putting amber in her place .
you ride in my place .
once i took my place at the altar , we all turned to the back of the church .
blow after blow she had withstood , and all without even realising that she had conjured the thing in the first place .
then , i would have contacted principal russell who would have contacted mrs . hodges then lara lee hodges could have dropped from the novena festival competition allowing you to legally take her place as harvest empress .
table of contents chapter 1 somber definitions chapter 2 benevolent intentions chapter 3 a deeper malevolency chapter 4 clyde savage chapter 5 dirigible from hell chapter 6 the bad news chapter 7 the new boy chapter 8 napolon bonapartes unwitting role chapter 9 the long dead undertakers ancient secret chapter 10 relying on dreams in place of memories chapter 11 in the eye of the beholder chapter 12 decoding the ringlet cipher chapter 13 a familiar beginning chapter 14 alwaiss factor on the unexpected chapter 15 a memory untold chapter 16 juxtaposed letters upon the ringlet cipher chapter 17 wearing mirandas shoes for a day chapter 18 the pregame show chapter 19 memories only a good strike to the head will produce when one door closes , another opens .
that being said , we will ensure that many extra precautions are put in place to secure your safety while you are here .
however , when we use dreams , in place of memories , we have learned that dreams are not always exact representations of events .
chapter 10 relying on dreams in place of memories joan was lying in a bed in the hospital ward for the last morning .
he waved his arm in the same way as he had when he had been waving off the worry about the drug in the first place .
roundson ran in to take her place .
the other men take his place .
to my relief , felix stood up when i got there , letting me sit down in his place .
i breathed a sigh of relief as the gown disappeared from the hologram , and in its place was a black playsuit .
we remembered that every time one of the beasts heads was severed , another two heads regrew in its place .
the reason hercules had so much trouble slaying the hydra , ave , was because every time he severed a head , two new heads grew in its place !
remember how they sent eva to be your target in place of a criminal in the sixth task ?
two tentacles recoiled , but five more took their place .
and frederam , the younger of us , never hesitates to use his fists when a servant steps out of his place .
the freniar is in charge of everything , and makes sure everyone stays in their place .
you are to take the place as scullery maid .
i do nt know how i ever have slept , since the day filthy girl came to my house and took my place i tried to continue flinging bad names at him , but he kept smiling , and i broke down into sobs .
i relieved a momentary sigh of relief when i found ryse in his place .
opening it slowly , as if it contained hidden treasure , his eyes widened as he saw the inside of the book carved out ; in its place , only a tiny note remained , reading : hahaha .
the its only fair society would disappear , but what would take its place ?
then , another couple would take their place .
or do you know how many people would gladly take your place ?
the mist disappeared , and a hot sunny light took its place .
you can twist it or shift it , but the only way to shake it off is to realize you re doing it in the first place .
all the werewolves who took place in tonights events are dead .
but breaking her out of jail is not an option ; its why she s in there in the first place .
and as soon as the volk was put back in its place , the weres who lost control tonight came back to their senses .
her feet were no more ; in their place were two bony legs with claws bent at odd angles .
carrboro focused in and remembered why he had come downstairs in the first place .
kurma signaled obelladonna to come and take her place .
after a few minutes had passed , the girls voice fell quiet and silence shuffled into its place .
after his arranged marriage to ifaut mafouras , perhaps a stronger alliance may arise , one that might help unite our divided world , one stronger than if you alone were to take my place .
the tree that she had attacked shimmered from existence and in its place appeared a shapeless light , vaguely human or furosan .
suddenly it all clicked into place .
i had a brief stint on a fishing boat in lake farn a few years back , so i m pretty sure i can sail the thing , but the real test is getting it in the first place .
she had lost track daydreaming during her chores ; had forgotten why she had snuck out the back of the house in the first place .
she was smiling down at him , the light of her light blue eyes lighting his world in place of the sun , and she smiled as she turned and started to unbutton her dress .
the first round of test subjects was in place .
he waved the torch , and the fog retreated instantly as the light hit it , then crept back into place slowly , after the light was gone .
he did it for me , she said as she turned , placed the body of the man on the bier in her place , and stood .
if they were all worse off than she was , well then she was not in last place in the life race !
meanwhile , ruth will be dressed identically to the secretary as i was , and will take my place as secretary , except she will wear a kerchief and .
the sleet had stopped falling by now , but a very light snow was falling in its place .
josian took my place .
i have been meaning to congratulate her on taking over the place , he admitted , apologetically .
although , the wound inflicted by the wolf bite did not ever fully heal , and left a scar in its place .
i can have everything back in its place in minutes .
melindas tone shoved his cravings back in their place .
died in her place ?
i wish i could swap places with it .
someone else could take his place .
it is nt my place to tell danny who the babys father is .
otis is nt driving ; a man with light brown hair and a wide smile has taken his place .
rick paused to see if zzyk was going to answer , and then , in his place , stated as calmly as he could .
doc had changed places with tg in the copter when it landed and had come equipped with chicago pellets in case what she was carrying had a battery .
did nt you find anyone to take her place ?
she looked down at him still , but now the sneer was gone , and in its place was an emotionless slate that was ten times as frightening .
this main corridor that we emerged into was the dark russet brown of deep bark and i felt a sense of vertigo as the pieces of our prison fell in place .
when she corrected igrins use of the word farther in place of further , she quickly found herself alone , and brandel was only too happy to pull her along with him .
the aiilyn i had known had disappeared , and in her place stood a woman with long red - blonde hair that fell down her back in a waterfall of color , with high cheekbones and dark , piercing eyes that had red - tinged irises .
in its place stood a man not unlike what faolan might become in fifteen years .
a pulse went through me as his eyes touched mine , and i knew that he recognized me , even with the ilyn disguise in place .
he told me that i d killed you , that you were there when i and then he said i had to run , that if i did nt oberon would kill me for killing a changeling he told me the only place i could go was to the hunt with my father his voice broke and he cut off , but my mind kept the story going , kept the scene rolling in my head , unfolding it in its natural progression .
safety measures in place ?
now , i find my leader dead , some slimy skeet in his place , and were at war .
he was a man of habit , a place for everything and everything in its place , and torture and death needed a room all to themselves .
he had the form of a man , but instead of a humanoid head nomi could see that the king had a big round fishbowl in its place .
` ` sorry , '' i say , guilt washing over me before firm resolve takes its place .
curiosity takes the place of my initial doubt and i move my chair closer to him slightly .
it 's not just that i did n't get to nicole in time ; i made a terrible mistake by going to get her in the first place .
i am oddly touched by her admission and wonder how much of her dislike of me has been founded on where i ' ve been sitting , feeling i was taking miranda 's place .
there in the place of the large cat stood a naked girl , her long shiny black hair spilled down her perfectly supple body .
remember your place , she barked at him .
he is , we all are , etienne stepped in her husbands place .
i could not imagine another in its place .
your place is to sit and follow orders at the keep .
you find that west brat and put him in his place .
the puzzle pieces in ice 's mind fell into place and began to form a picture .
and before me stands a figure who makes it all look as worthless as the ashes the humans gave us in its place .
in place of the forest , the cold stone walls of the temple surround me .
in place of her voice , there is only silence .
liam is nt here right now , jai supplied , but i m more than happy to take his place .
but , rather quickly , the fire died down as all the oxygen was burned up , and vacuum quickly took the place of any atmosphere that had been in the ship only moments before .
the following day , mom took the silver backed brush and her ruby ring from grandma into town and came back with a telescope in their place .
parents , remember your place is on the sideline not the wrestling mat .
of course , muttered alison as selena walked past her to take her place .
it would be hard to forget that these people were celebrating because they believed she had returned to fallada to take her rightful place as damus eldest princess .
i want you to stay and take your place in damu .
her place in front of rothatin was necessary , though , as neither she nor titus knew the first thing about guiding an owl .
you are worried that if you take your place as princess and lead the charge against eranna that you will fail .
you want me to meet my parents and take my place in damu , but you do nt believe that a war with erannas forces will bring about change .
as the alpha males son , i will be required to take his place when he dies .
there were always new girls to take their place , though .
lets just say , if joseph was nt madly in love with you , i would very happily take your place in his affections .
i was begging for more time as i still struggled to convince myself that i had made the right decision when i contacted miles inner circle to trade places with my sister .
there used to be thousands of us but we ve slowly been growing old and passing on without leaving new wind warriors to take our place .
you have to appreciate that we ve had years to realize that we were going to die and no wind warriors would take our place .
this woman looked to be exactly what he needed to take mariannas place .
when you said that sometimes thera can be persuasive , i thought you were exaggerating , leon said as he subtly took chloes place by her side .
i offered to take brunos place you did what ?
amie was sweeping them down with her wind while leon was shooting them with fire , but as soon as one had fallen down , another took its place .
although leena could ve easily put kaci in her place , she declined since they were out in the open around so many people .
it was her mothers idea for her to be here in the first place .
the boy that alyssa loved is already dead , and i do nt think shell let anyone take his place .
slowly the connection i needed came into place .
i feel that its my fault that she died since she was driving me in the first place .
but if we can get the proper funding in place , he continued , i ve assured dr . sabine that you would make a very likely candidate .
i m not looking to take hannahs place and fill a vacancy in your social life while you figure out whether tall , gorgeous idiots are your type or not .
maybe they misunderstood and think i m trying to take hannahs place .
renn , in all reality , was still unconscious back at his bike if he d survived the fall in the first place .
in his place on the screen was writhrens stunned expression .
before lea could even answer the images of the older woman and her grandchild flashed through azaleas mind and azalea immediately blocked them out causing images of the dream to take its place making her even angrier .
the sooner we learn about you the more pieces that will fall into place .
i m seeing a little bit too much of that pout , dylinn pointed out as he bumped into her with his shoulder , and at that moment she had remembered the reason why she was looking for dylinn in the first place .
but now that you mention it i was a bit angry that he was taking it from me in the first place , i had gotten a bit defensive .
she had expected to see him on her bed but in his place was a long velvet box and a note .
if you plan on breaking the imprint you can very well do that without knowing how it got there in the first place .
in their place .
once a year , a colonel came to mitchs work place sat in on the high level meetings and greeted him in the hallway , inquiring about his wife and son .
if anything i like gets complex and intricate , i will start to dislike it , as i will look upon it to be a very different and dissimilar thing to that which i liked in the first place .
as i was having lunch in the afternoon with kris outside on the partly uncovered and unclosed verandah where there were flowers of variant species and nature adorning the wooden planes that occupied the place of walls and railings , kris noticed how brilliant and enthusiastic i was .
instead of another one taking his place a dagger was thrown randomly at her , followed by another one from a different angle after an uneven amount of time .
gilla leaped forward to take her place .
i volunteered to take the place of your first guide because i could nt pass up an opportunity to speak with you again .
no one was going to take addris place .
no matter how many scouts she took down two more just took their place .
gilla chewed on her lower lip for a moment thinking before she decided to go take his place in the plan .
the adrenaline wore off , nausea filling its place .
he would want to know the truth if they traded places .
take her place .
i probably should nt have gone in the first place .
but it was almost as if mother and daughter had exchanged places ; myrrha trailed woodenly after her mother , eyes glazed and vacant .
what will fill its place ?
hair and beard both kept their place .
loreleis haunting melody stops , leaving eeriness in its place .
when a person asks a necromancer to raise a body for that purpose , they are usually asked to sacrifice themselves in the place of the necromancer .
she took all the light with her leaving an unbearable void of gray left in her place .
but i am not sure you can really call it redecorating when it was nt really decorated in the first place .
when we sing , people will follow us , and when we stop they are really confused on why they were following us in the first place .
if he could return in this short time , not even the emperor himself could question his place as my consort .
my place is with the emperor .
your grace , my place is with you , i said and continued in my head , and with lamare too .
i would have shivered many times more if our places were switched , she said lightly .
that does nt make me happy though the fact that i was the reason she had gotten sick in the first place makes me feel like my hearts being poked with a stick .
as if the rage that i take from him in place of calmness needed to ooze out of my body and its my back that would suffer in scars .
halapua nodded to mina and she took her place at the start .
the sadness in mina subsided , and in its place anger arose .
in his place , a new ruler took over the land , choosing to govern from the deepest south of castle morlock .
she watched in amazement as the words disappeared , and new ones began to form in their place .
they attacked as one , smooth and graceful as they had been taught and quickly dispatched the first two warriors with little effort but as soon as they fell two more stepped in to take their place , their pathway blocked once more .
we could possibly use a little more , she said in my place .
vicki took her place at the piano and started playing .
feeling embarrassed over being chastised and put in her place , kimberly spent the rest of the ride back to burveton in absolute silence .
all he has to do is follow his grandfather back to huron , report to the city council what the voice told him , and take his place as steward .
the foam settled , but in its place were water - children giggling and chasing the aero .
grand grabbed xanthuss shoulder , switching places with nikolas .
after more dismembering , the building block boy was gone and , in his place , a fully functioning castle outfitted with small soldiers on horses and catapults .
tim resumed his place at the head of the table .
someone else did it in her place .
you better put every wire and chip back in its place .
the men traded places .
will you arise and take your place among the clouds ?
it was there when grand asked him to take his place as steward .
far out , but you have nt told me why you did the sance in the first place , was it just for a bit of fun ?
it was getting hard to keep the barrier in place , hopefully jez will have forgotten why i raised it in the first place .
for a second i just stand there and stare at him as i remember the kiss from my dreams , my cheeks flush as i come to my senses and realise why i rushed outside in the first place .
he also warned them that this , his final act marked the beginning of a new age , an age of healing , an age when their new leader would take his place as their protector .
eldeen was placed upon a large slab of rock like a table , alice took his place at the head as the long procession came much the same as the gathering , each person laid an object on or beside eldeens body .
the subordinate who will take my place will undoubtedly submit a plan to locate your main camp that zzyk will approve because he 'll receive a lot of enjoyment out of the plan .
we had to make a little side trip to new york so that i could pick up every rollable solar panel that i could find ; these would take the place of the canvas sails .
lucas looked at his dad and hank answered in his place .
when one bit got into place another area seemed to become muddled .
my appetite has managed to of evaporated and that sick feeling has again taken its place .
she takes her place at the head of the table .
i do nt even understand why any of this taking place .
she wished she was going to see eric , but missing him again brought her back to the reason why she missed him in the first place .
rose was gone and in her place was a smoking , charred crater in the floor .
i wash my hands afterwards and when i check my arm again the bruise is gone , thank god , it probably was n't even there in the first place .
i listened as he revealed to daddy that , no other woman who roamed the earth could even come close to taking sarahs place , and as long as she was in his heart , there would nt be room for anyone else .
daddy was nt kidding about having samuel stand in his place .
as i turned onto my gravel drive , i noticed that though charlottes cadillac was absent , samuels jeep was parked in its place .
after she put both of them in their place david showered and got dressed .
then why come out on it in the first place ?
ben is not behind his desk this time , but standing to one side ; in his place was a rather pompous looking man , by his dress and demeanour i could see how importantly he regarded himself , and i guessed immediately that i was not there to discuss the further promotion of my publicity campaign .
judging by her responses and her behaviour during the day it seemed that she wanted to be the opposite of whatever people thought she was ; she would be a slob instead of an artist , an artist in the place of something else .
yes , virginia could not deny the maxim , it felt good and so they did it again , they made love on the carpet as josh had wanted to do in the first place , helping him forget how unhappy he was .
i ' ve nothing to make a drink with in my place .
another person could have taken your place as the catalyst .
instead of planting the newly - ploughed earth , jonathan was heading off to take his place among the rows of ragged men defending their land .
in his place , sarah and jamie would have to do all the farm work .
he smiled at sarah and jamie as he took his place .
in place of ink rested mangled flesh where his skin had been cut off , forcibly removed .
` ` tam , you need to go to him in my place .
they could n't let her trade places with the dead , but they could for a time , let her pretend .
as he moved in front of his companions , rhen saw burns on his hands , bumpy scars in place of tattoos , and it could only mean one thingthe man was a criminal , he had been degraded , his old marks burned away and replaced with those of an unmarkeda slave .
in their place , a daze .
in its place rested the royal garb he had donned to see the king .
he said he saw a bleak emptiness in place of eyes , darkness in place of a soul .
he said he saw a bleak emptiness in place of eyes , darkness in place of a soul .
no one could ever take the place of her people in her heart .
i chose ignorance in place of bliss , loneliness in place of love .
i chose ignorance in place of bliss , loneliness in place of love .
there are probably other brave men who deserve as much honor that i m receiving now and i guess they ll get it , when all of this is over and womba has his place back on the throne of arria .
hava had been sitting in his corner of the torture chamber the whole time , practically unnoticed by the others , writing down every word and action that took place .
the end coming soonthe kirnas apprentice ( 2002 ) the past will come together and a new generation will take their place , as arria cries out for salvation .
his plan to put dario in his place would require stealth , precision , and maybe a little danger .
they think i ve finally become my mothers daughter and taken my place as the town lunatic .
and in his place , standing at the head of the classroom , was an old guy that looked scarier than lunch ladies without their hairnets .
periodically , he would catch himself staring at bryn without even remembering what caught his attention in the first place .
he turned back to dane and said , tetari said it would be all right for me to take your place while you re gone .
he belatedly realized their loud words had lured the creature toward them in the first place .
then , she fell in place a little behind dane and quilyn while happily admiring her new ring .
pleasejust take me in his place .
at least now querlyn would agree to take me in his place .
the plan is to subdue him and have reaper take his place and accompany me inside disguised as bravo .
` ` would n't any of you take her place if you could ? ''
` ` yes , '' agreed kristina , ` ` but finding and punishing the guilty will have to take second place to curing father . ''
you will simply take his place at court and in the upcoming negotiations . ''
* * * with sophia gone , and catherine strangely out of sorts , kristina and julia had taken sophia 's place each morning at breakfast in the little sitting room .
` ` it 's been almost a thousand years since the sanctions have been used , '' master drake said , pushing past catherine 's outburst , ` ` but the laws are still in place and most members of the conclave agree with them wholeheartedly . ''
ya never did say how ya knew they d try blowing ya up in the first place ?
they never should have dug enzyme seven up in the first place .
i wish i had just listened to my mom about prom in the first place , instead of trying to force her hand into letting me go .
if he does nt show up at our fort by tomorrow evening , i will kill you in his place .
ill go in her place !
the evil i saw in the warlocks face is still etched in my mind and i suspect the memory of him will take the place of my fort nightmare from now on .
deidre sighs and comes to take rhodas place next to me .
after this class session ill retire to the moon dome and one of you will take my place , possibly .
it felt late at this point , so justin did nt bother asking how they d got his stuff into the room in the first place , and instead justin signed the document with as much flourish as he could manage .
just give them a happy memory in its place .
and archie has nt explained why he and colin moved here in the first place .
this time , i let guji take over like he should ve been in the first place .
a proxy is when you let someone else vote in place of you .
after my parents had passed on , the eldest of my fathers boys , my half - brother , had taken my fathers place as pharaoh .
if shed just leave things alone , maybe with us walking over there , that guy would nt have fallen off in the first place .
i still have no idea why he did it or what happened to cause them to switch places , but i know that he is not the man i married .
the innocent , the special one , the one who would take my place in their lives .
the apathy i d lived with all my life was gone , and in its place was a new determination .
i tried to convince myself otherwise , but i could nt think of a single reason why bryce would want to be with me in the first place .
gone were the days of my recurring nightmare , and in its place was a series of dreams , one building upon the next , but always centering around one specific personrevel .
gone were all my reasons for being nervous , and in their place was pure joy and relief at being near him at last .
as geo got out and pulled on his clothes , arvid took his place .
dara saw a stocky woman with curly blonde hair stand up across the room and walk purposefully over to take noreens place .
he stepped aside so jake could take his place nearest the horse .
he sat down in her place and began vigorously turning the crank .
i ' m sure he was take it pretty calmly if i told him i was the buddha and was here to claim my place as king of kfc .
when the transfer is to take place the minds of himself and willow will be balanced .
the two of them glowed and then disappeared with a swirl of fire in their place .
his eyes bulbous , as if about to explode , incapable of believing what is taking place before them .
if he got there before keller , the pixies would beat the fallen angels ; they d be in second place for dash .
are you going to take her place ?
in its place was a sallow whiteness .
in the shock of seeing the water figure appear and my desperation to have answers to my questions ( of which i d gotten none ) , i had completely forgotten what i was doing there in the first place .
lisabelle was supposed to be the fourth finalist , but given that she had been arrested , a senior mage named nancy , who had been fifth in the individual standings , would compete in her place .
something in my mind snapped into place , but before i could grab it , keller appeared at our table .
lara felt the pieces slide into place .
one , why did you let george pick you up in the first place ?
or maybe they ll take the judges place .
i made the wish , and the judge asked who would take her place .
makana might be able to take her place but she s kind of rough around the edges .
relief took the place of agitation with each step away .
warden de ath was fired for gross incompetence and , in his place , warden william hope was appointed to oversee the reconstruction of the prison .
the final piece of bolts scheme fell into place .
the computer screens ( three of them ) were too large for the desk at which he sat , and stood ranged in front and to the sides on stands ; the strange but hypnotic emanual , sat ready in place of a conventional mouse .
stephen said , but he should nt have given it to us in the first place .
his cool hands rested on phillips head and the pain disappeared so quickly he thought he d imagined it being there in the first place .
why were they in place ?
you can not stop what is already in place !
the side of a restaurant took its place .
in its place was a hallway with white walls and a fresh red carpet .
in place of its head was the long pins pointed to the ceiling , now showing their sharp tips .
its teeth took the place of its head and waved in the air like antennae .
without warning badchis head disappeared and the long silvery pins took its place .
a beat up looking thirty something year old man took its place .
the roof of the building faded away and the gray room took its place .
yes , prytani was well aware that all this took place purely within her dreams , when she and tamesis merged to become one , yet she had never found cause to doubt whatever the lady showed or told her .
the moon took its place , shining as brightly as a thousand blazing torches .
at this point , nechtan had made his apologies and left , saying he had some urgent work only he could attend to while his apprentice prytani was perfectly capable of taking his place at a dining table !
but my place is here by cordells side .
and your place is with dana .
let me take my sons place .
who will take her place ?
my father used to be chief scientist on the council before i took his place .
once we release it the rest will fall in place .
the global elite set it all up to put people in place as puppets to do their bidding .
our plan was working but we had not driven out the pope from the gates of the vatican yet as our efforts were only taken place on u.s . soil .
anyone who does not get in bed with them they kill and put a puppet in their place .
mom is simply gone and in her place is the skeleton of who she used to be .
in their place , are simple framed photographs of flowers .
in its place is a full sort of feeling , the kind of fullness after eating thanksgiving dinner but before having the dessert .
in its place crept a cool chill , a restless anger , an annoyance , a fury .
by now the string and stick had been fashioned into a crude fishing rod , with the rusty nail in place of the usual bait on the end of the line .
however , his head would soon be taking its place in the kings trophy cabinet .
one who will lead us in a great uprising and then take his rightful place as our new ruler .
they took the main bell out a few months ago and put that in its place .
in place of circus zax there now stood a jumble of apparatus , around which a hundred or so people were seated in narrow booths .
my life is in serious danger , which is why i agreed to the joining ceremony in the first place .
when one line would fall , the people behind would step up and take their place .
damien is still unaware of the change as i brace myself to take zekes place .
way to put sharon in her place !
in its place , i have chosen the almost equally disturbing term ` ` motherfucker . ''
i rushed back through the adjoining stockrooms ; briefly glancing at the motion detector to make sure my shield was in place , and grabbed the paperback i bought for the sole purpose of having a reason to go back downstairs .
i mean i wish that now , after hindsight has repeatedly kicked me in the ass , but not then , then , i would nt have switched places with no one for nothing , it was fucking epic !
at times i wished i could have swapped places with chance .
as soon as a group was called for the line , a fresh group of new recruits would fill their place .
as soon as one made impact , another would emerge in the sky to take its place .
i tried to pull myself up off the ground , but mitty grabbed me and pulled me down , pulling himself up in my place .
when djimon left a bit later after necessary matrimonial arrangements had been made , ikenna turned to find the wife and share his relief that this marriage would take place after all .
in their place she left an offering for the lady .
i should have gone with her to lagos in the first place .
for in place of the general pleas lola now felt a new urge , if she could call it that .
djimon knew that even if he and nwanyi were nearly impossible to find , it was even safer if no one was looking for them in the first place .
lola decided that having thugs in place would make djimon feel more in control and more important .
i saw a documentary recently about how this system was put in place .
if we did change the past , we might cease to exist instantaneously and two new versions of us would take our place .
most of the table got up when the dealer stepped back and a man stepped forward to take her place .
you can kill the next guy and someone else will take his place .
i will have to stand in fathers place on the night of the feast .
maybe the charges were trumped up but it was his own fault for smoking grass in the first place .
in its place , a selfish security of fact was being built , block - by - block .
just think about how out of place fireworks or grenades are to a race of people who have not mastered glass of grasped the concept of building foundations .
in its place , a sickening chill taking hold .
they could talk all day and no one would ever be able to know who was really speaking , that s assuming the interested party could crack the advanced encryption that covered the call in the first place .
revenge had taken pretendings place in his mind .
and then why had she let him do it in the first place ?
i yelled as i smiled wide and began hobbling quickly down the street , my knee starting to feel a bit back in place .
just click in the box that says e - mail us , fill in the form that will appear in place of the usual set - up , and click in the appropriate place to send it to me .
they removed the devices from their eyes and ears , and saw a smiling ron parker sitting in the chair , in place of charles b. hatton .
it was clear that somebody had entered the loft while they were sleeping , and had re - arranged the furniture , removing the couches , and leaving in place of them , five high backed armchairs .
his place was with his wife , not her sister .
he knew what was going to happen , but it was as if he was in the void already watching it take place .
* * * the support i was giving that morning at the marshalling area ( and giving very willingly , because i did nt want to get dragooned into taking his place ) was making certain asael did nt bolt for home .
but sweet or not , i did nt want to have to take his place in the parade .
lets get them girls in place !
in its place , the edge of a shadow creeps , sunrise - slow , across his line of vision , displacing the great cat of the sun from his neck and back .
and a soft , organic radiance , green and golden , took its place , lighting the pathway at ground level !
her blonde curls simply would nt fall into place .
i am astarthe , embodied moon , and you will take the place of anakh , embodied sun .
when at last the roar of the flame stopped , a new thundering sound took its place .
i will take his place !
the dark clouds above had all retreated and the sun greeted them in their place .
as they pulled rock from the ground , water seeped up from below to take its place .
once again , gadreel went first into the circle and ariel took his place outside .
brute force has its place , but subtlety is a thing of beauty .
and when he heard the name kaplan , suddenly the pieces of the picture fell into place .
at the next stop the traders left , but others took their place .
and you want me to take your place ?
you can not take my place , he said , but you will be your own man , your own minstrel .
switch places with me , she called .
after deborah did her publicist duties by thanking the reporters and other audience members for attending the conference , which was being held in the university plaza , she stepped back and allowed mike to take over her place behind the podium and in front of all the cameras .
and once i became convinced i had made a serious enemy with my book , it was only a matter of time before the pieces of the puzzle were put in place .
then i went to the kitchen table and took my place and started to work .
i ca n't say that it was a loss because the guys that have taken their place have proved to be much better players .
the reason that i came by in the first place was to tell you that i have a part time job that starts wednesday evening .
you can take her place without any problem .
that way i can get a jump on life and be ready to take my place as a co - owner .
i found out that mrs . carmichal would be taking my place until they can find a suitable replacement .
she was quickly taking smokeys place here , but she would never be able to fill the hole in my heart that i carried for him .
if there was only some way to clear things with richard though , she wanted him to know that losing his job had nothing to do with their breakup , and secretly she wanted to get back in touch with him once again just to see whether her heart and head had deceived her when shed decided to break up in the first place .
wil remembered that she was probably not alone that christmas day , and another man had taken his place .
another conversation with john , another piece of the puzzle in place , so different to the first time he had met john , and maybe strength coming out of his previous weaknesses , for they are being re - tuned to something of strength .
the temptation will demand something raised high above the normal path , the scaffolding of a fictitious natural state and in its place , fictitious beings .
chapter six : -- - -- - -- - melancholia is the reaction to the loss of a loved person , or to the loss of some abstraction , which has taken the place of one , such as ones country , liberty , an ideal , and so on .
middle school morphed into high school , and serious avenues of study took the place of a worn out soldiers reminiscing .
the junk bucket 50 , one of the more recent attractions , had taken a prominent place the race of unlikely vehicles , requiring fifty laps around the city perimeter , capped off the days planned events .
both were salivating at the prospect of finally putting this neophyte in his place -- and knocking him out of the polls and out of the race forever !
if its for real , you have to accept something that is terribly weird , and if you had nt left the note in the first place then you could just keep wondering .
lashing it in place of the main , the sailboat steadied into a comfortable roll .
but i m in need of someone to take her place until she makes it back to us , the governor lied .
general gale joined in , well , i just want a finalized command structure in place .
paul hoped that his adversary had been put in his place long enough to seat the other canadian provinces .
the motion was quickly called for and the vote was 35 - 1 , with wisconsin voting to keep rebeccas motion in place .
a plan was now in place .
how soon will everything be in place , colonel ?
word is that all elements of the 24th division are in place now .
in their place , six indonesian soldiers climbed the hill .
in its place , the national government will live on a ten percent import / export tax coupled with a ten percent national sales tax .
congress spent that money as fast as it came in and issued treasury notes in their place .
but while we are punishing the guilty , never forget that it was government interference in the market place that caused many of the problems .
when i was 12 , i d have changed places with you in a heartbeat , edward said , looking over at tad .
after he dressed , edward slipped back into the room he barely remembered entering in the first place .
i did nt keep my place .
he placed the bracelet in the basket they had geared up for objects , to take the place of the second cap .
he slowly slid the ring on her finger and kissed it once it was properly in its place .
istanbuls slum hills gave their place to mosques and weird apartment blocks .
also the bubbles in my eyes are gone , the black spider webs take place of the bubbles .
do things like put paper away in file drawers , line up books on shelves , clean off the surface of her coffee table and desk those newspapers ca nt stay scattered on the table anymore keep the kitchen counters clear , put the dishes straight into the dishwasher , remove knick - knacks from surfaces and put them behind glass in orderly positions , have cds in their place , not flung about on top of the stereo .
there were others in training who were preparing to take their place , and there are older ones who have retired to a simpler life after many long years at the monastery .
i held the stone like a worry stone and rubbed it with my thumb as my mind tried to deal with what just took place .
anyway , i got tired of waiting and put someone else in her place . ''
they would be vindicated if she were to take up her place .
the demand for emergency accommodation rarely slackens , so often the restoration has to take second place to putting a roof over the heads of needful families .
it was all to no avail , however , and his lordship was now in the interview room waiting to take his place in an identification parade .
my heart started to race as the likelihood of what had taken place began to distil on my senses like dew .
if i d known he was married to your daughter i would have refused to take him as a client in the first place .
our last marshal was killed in the line of duty and no one wanted to step up and take his place .
at the appointed time the council and the city manager took their places .
the new councilor was sworn in by the city manager and took her place at the table .
he had switched places to keep an eye on her .
its like he went to the electric chair in my place .
and in place of her parents were lines of white tape to mark where they had been when they died .
i knew it , she said in place of an actual opinion .
alex disconnected the bodily tubes that held the heart in its place .
sue , ill take peggys place .
bits of memories slipped into place .
gil completed her final circuit of the area , by which time she had observed the hokobus taking their place in one of the london eyes capsules .
the chameleon fizzled away and gillian davis stood in her place , one hundred percent soppy woman , one hundred percent disappointed not to have realised before this moment where she had been most appreciated .
soca say that the courts would accept the argument that the illegal assets , if any , were paid into the company and paid out by the company in equal amounts , and so no money laundering has taken place and no illegal assets remain in the company .
so its natural that people are interested in the woman who is taking her place .
i could nt stop thinking of the ones i got off , who are probably out there doing more of what they got arrested for in the first place .
` ` kill him , take his place .
no one will put a new house here in place of this old one .
too many stops were in place to prevent it from happening .
bill took her place .
but i believe that the transfer of sovereignty could be put in place while all the myriad of detail is worked through in slower time .
for one thing , the people of northern ireland will have in place a third party as their sovereign power which should be acceptable to both parts of the community , whereas at present the uk is unacceptable to one part , while union with the south would be unacceptable to the other .
this system is still in place today ; albeit favoured by the up and coming modern professional from a multitude of trades and industries : engineering , journalism , politicians and the judicial system to name but a few .
i will put a different courier in place instead of ray .
to support and influence the arab rising to ensure enough momentum is in place to remove the dictator and his baath party ; and ensure viable changes to allow the building of the 3rd temple in jerusalem .
the plo was formed in 1964 and originally wanted the destruction of the israeli state and the creation of a palestinian state in its place .
governor , as one of 14 district governors ; are you and your brothers ready to allow the minister to lead a temporary government , a government that allows the peoples council to take their rightful place and truly be heard .
taking the place of lindsay wagners flannel shirt and jeans is my signature polo shirt and jeans combination , the same ensemble i wore yesterday .
suddenly , i go numb and sit down , unaware of my place in the room .
and what is one of the strongest moments of horror and surprise in the book almost out of place with what follows ?
lynott said that his own men should be in place within forty minutes .
now the threat of communist invasion had long gone , but others had taken their place : various conspiracies of the us government or united nations forces invading .
it looks like this might be a long search and i will need you to take my place when i ' m tired . ''
would nt have been my place to fill them in on their own investigation .
she was the whole reason he told me to lie in the first place .
the rage left as quickly as it had come , leaving exhaustion in its place .
and the passivity demonstrated by zion this afternoondo you believe that in his place , you would have the restraintthe courageto lie still and silent in the face of such violence ?
my heart was beating faster , a clear blue certainty settling in place of the loss i d lived with for years .
i d been angry before , but that began to ebb as worry took its place .
and then , i d demand to know why the hell shed taken it in the first place .
erich wrote down 666 then the 1 for on and dash in place of the off or null digit .
but it would be hard to prove that he did not know the victim 's place in court .
roll back of measures that have been in place to ensure accountability .
cedric 's profile is inserted in place of the existing suspect deemed to be from the order of the three eleven .
jack is also undergoing brain therapy to retrain his brain to use other parts in place of the parts that were severely damaged by the conglomerate 's psychosis inducing drug .
` ` rebekah will find someone to take her place if it comes in on the weekend , wo n't you , honey ? ''
it seemed my luck was changing and , if the closing took place as planned , the worst would be over .
` ` you probably would have found some cute blond to take my place . ''
by now the other two teams should be in place .
is he still in place ?
having k2 in place in the centre of europe is a concern .
you must forgive my daughters poor manners ; she should have invited you to come inside in the first place ... you are after all , quite cold .
there are phone taps and all the rest of it in place , but you will be the guy on the ground .
so the kidnap could not take place .
been over it with a toothcomb twice now , and not a trace of anything no fingerprints other than a few from the victim and what i believe to be those of the previous owner , no sign of a struggle , and even more strange , no sign of how the murderer got in to the flat in the first place .
as they drove quietly away , another biker arrived to take their place , this time keeping watch from a side street at the back of the flats .
it was only a short walk downhill to the caf where i had my next appointment and i took a leisurely stroll that got me in place a few minutes ahead of time .
i had a text from naim saying he was in place .
i was now less concerned about keeping naim separate from aferdita since her time in place was limited .
this is true in the same way that having a paperweight in place of a firearm is safe .
once she was in place , i was to call the dia contact from the embassy , a guy named mark who had taken over for the lame ass i d dealt with before .
your fifteen minutes of fame will be over and some new kid will take your place .
in its place would be a chemically - enhanced wrestling beast .
she had never used this arrangement to put steve in his place , but the opportunity had always been there .
it would nt be right for you to take his place .
that signing took place in philadelphia in a small office on the third floor of gwa headquarters .
though the leaders of the moroccan terririst movement were mostly in prison , a new leadership would spring up to take their place .
there was always someone ready to fill the empty place .
that afternoon , on their second flight , maggie and martie swapped places while sally flew in the left seat .
sissie is family and nobody minded sharing you , but because sissie lost the only child she will ever have , you took the place of her lost child and that was good for yougood for helping sissie mend and good for us because we needed time to start a new life and become successful .
all i can say is that there is a scenario in place , and we will cover that at our next and final meeting before the start of z day in two years .
there was applause and martie took his place .
ill be your mommy for a while , until your dad finds you or we find you a person to take your mommys place , okay ?
its been many years since i entered his place .
the fourth side had once been trodden on by the nazis , and in place of the lost terrace was a concrete tower block of which stalin , or perhaps paul nash , would have been proud .
his cocky self - assuredness was gone and in its place was genuine concern .
i know you hired malcolm to take aimees place so you could spy on my family .
then he hired malcolm to take my place .
i sent the package to your moms apartment knowing she was nt there , hoping to draw her out of hiding , and testing you to see if you would take her place .
for this to take place there needs to be a strong and well run network here in the us that is distributing the diamonds .
the closest he had come had been his visit to a sance - holding psychic with an electrical problem , and that trip had only taken place because she had misinterpreted dennis cryptically - worded advertisement .
dennis scowled and made a futile attempt at combing his brown locks into place with his fingers .
resolution in place ?
finally i received a letter saying that my cousins would be out of the country for part of the winter , and i could attend a performance in their place .
the trickiest part of the process was at the end , when one liquid was added drop by drop to another until a reaction took place , and the fluid changed to the characteristic violet colour .
unfortunately , i had a small accident with a bottle of indelible ink which should never have been brought into the room in the first place .
her own army experience had shown her what happened when an army father was always abroad and the army wife started looking for someone else to take his place .
however , the supporting walls that had once held up the roof had disappeared and in their place were wooden ceiling beams running up to the apex .
he turned and left the room and reid sat down to get his version of what had taken place down on paper while it was still fresh in his mind .
he had not been egged into this crime by other members of his peer group , but had decided to commit a criminal act with the sole purpose of spiting his own father , the same father who had dug deep into his pocket and his understanding to buy him the go kart in the first place .
the bar area also doubled as the stock room as the cellar had taken the place of what had been the old scullery and washhouse .
logic and planning slowly took their place .
the purpose of this work is extremely nebulous and i found it quite bizarre someone would have thought of doing such an analysis in the first place .
you lied and things got complicated but it 's because you lied in the first place . ''
maximilian bauer took hitler 's place , allowing him to vanish into the caves without anyone noticing .
vi or i and i shall live : vii of i and i shall be born again everything suddenly fell into place .
why did others have to die in his place ?
he felt extremely focused , his mind suddenly clear as ice , razor - sharp thoughts falling in place next to each other with incredible ease .
there was no way he could have seen them drag her out and leave miriam whitbournes body in her place .
another memory fell into place .
the till had once been ryan 's ; imogen had moved so ' a stranger did n't take his place ' .
if indeed it led back to the shop in the first place .
thus i deduced that bob from accounts was never real in the first place and the party was a sham , and to this day i ' m still not sure whether he exists or not , and if he even had a short career in porn during the 70s as mai once suggested .
it had turned out that he 'd dropped it on the bar and myself and rachel had later used it in place of a bank note , leaving the ticket and the powder residue in the bathroom .
if it even takes place , henry thought .
sir , were in place .
special agent cruz is in place .
crawford mentioned that he had another man in place but he was unable to pursue farha at this current time .
or ill kill this man and you can decide who takes his place !
silas sometimes wished that he could switch places with them for one day so that he could have a life with family and friends .
i do nt know where you are and i do nt know if you are lying to me now , so i will be calling you every five minutes until i see you and know that you are in place .
how about you take dwaynes place writing my papers ?
there is nt even any wear on the walls as if they were there in the first place .
he was nice enough to get me the job in the first place , i do nt want him to think were ungrateful just because it did nt last forever .
i suppose they re looking for another security company to take its place .
junior pierson retreated to his place in everett .
marlowe and andrew lee were playing on court one against matt jackson and fred shaw , from manhattan beach , probably the second best team on the tour this year , having gotten second place in three of the six tournaments .
so , did you put them in their place ?
with a new plan in place , i calmed down .
i was so caught off guard that i forgot all about the reason for my call in the first place .
he looked down and murmured , except maybe marrying me in the first place .
the clicking and humming of the many systems and relays made place for the soft dashing of the water against the hull .
a burning sun broke through the clouds which made place for a clear blue sky .
when the library had to make place for the new ring road around london , a couple of containers were sent direction cambridge .
ok , you can start the engine he shouted to jane who had taken place in front of the steering wheel .
pieter answered in her place : well , i hope you are fully convinced that i am not a psychopathic murderer .
and now these documents are being used to start what we tried to avoid in the first place .
jane answered in his place : yes , because he is so spoiled when it comes to houses .
pieter invited him to take place at their table .
the stern military appearance of her tightly knotted hair had made place for free hanging dark curls .
anothers going to spring right up in its place .
in its place was a cauldron of mixed emotions .
in its place was another , even stronger emotion .
reznaks men are in place .
a realization forming that was nt missing any pieces of the puzzle , it just needed time and a gentle nudge to shift into place .
his fear fled , but in its place came anger , fury , hate for gell shield , for turning his home into a trap , hate for belle stakker , who d forced him to board this ship to wherethehell , hate for the people who d taken his brother .
they got in place none too soon .
blossom , once vivid pink , now fading , littered the earth around the roots , through which , here and there , poked small green shoots of grass , out of place in that park .
the lights in the office also came on when collin entered but he was able to turn them off by pushing the button on the motion detector that had been put in the place of where a light switch would normally be .
and eventually , the powers that be catch up with us and everything falls into place .
philip winston is more guilty because he did nt go to the police and report a murder in the first place . ''
it was nt like he forced me there in the first place ; i asked to stay in the attic .
over the next few days , he thought little of the strange meeting , immersed as he was in preparations to assume his fathers place in the chamber of deputies .
as the man turned at lepage 's approach , lepage recognized that he was brandishing a knife in place of the revolver .
before he could disappear among the hedges , however , he was frozen in place by the soft light of a hand - held lantern and a voice commanding him to halt and stand in his place .
i came to see your father , and i forgot you had taken his place .
that night , he took his place in the attic space over the cabaret in pigalle .
they voted to promote an alternate candidate in his place .
lord chatham was a rear admiral in his majestys royal navy , although as was customary within the bright club , he was wearing formal civilian dress in place of his naval regalia .
maybe she had found someone new to take his place , someone like her neighbor , although i did nt really think john sullivan was her type .
must have another one lined up to take her place .
anyway , ill call bradstock to see what he would do in my place , and then ill get back to you .
doug knew , there was no doubt now , they were hunting him and there would be more that would take the place of the two he had just killed .
as he sat drinking his wine and feeling very alone and sad he suddenly snapped back to why he was there in the first place .
she bowed back and took her place .
time to put the barbarian gaijin in his place .
theirs was the initial contract let by the ceo after the project financing was in place .
after the operating system was in place , he punched up the files .
the mino - gumi probably should have handled it in the first place , vance thought fleetingly .
but if the transaction for the hundred million is to take place tomorrow , then he must appear here .
7:45 p.m. ` ` perfect timing , '' ramirez said , moving down to the weapons station and taking peretz place .
` ` your ' extra mile , ' i take it , is to finish the job you were hired for in the first place . ''
i should have just let wolf kill him in the first place and had done with it .
in the first place , nobody there would shut off the countdown .
suddenly the whole scenario clicked into place .
and speaking of bread she stood up and beckoned to john to take her place .
everyone else was involved for some serious reason , and much of the time against their will , but dylan was the exception , carrying on as if everything was taking place in an amusement park .
one of my favourite games over the months through to the coming of early spring birdsong was to recount those alternative life stories and to imagine myself in the place of either aban or menachem .
later that night daud finally found the words to describe the doppelganger that he saw in place of his younger sibling .
but the conventioneers and business people with meetings the next morning had taken their place .
eventually the platoon commander pulled him back by the straps on his pack and sent another man in his place .
the court upheld the decision and was adamant in denying the defendants plea of guilty and refused to set aside the verdict , based on the grounds that were it to accept the original plea in place of the verdict , the court would be condoning the mans wish to die .
movement took place , too fast for my eyes to catch .
so i hunt them whenever i can and expect them to hunt me back , and i told you that because , though i fall , i expect you not to take my place , but finish it for me no matter how drastic this might be .
indecision no longer was present in his face and in its place a burning lust for battle spawned .
will shin - tsu keep his word and take reikokus place ?
it was her own fault , i was pushed to do the termination after hours and without correct attendants and procedures in place .
all would fall into place soon ; very soon .
after that his father felt our relationship should end , michael agreed and said we never should ve been together in the first place .
i took calebs place pacing behind the sofa in hopes to calm the jitters from the magic caused .
jamie and i switched places as hostages .
and with this said the baron dragged the secretary from below the table and rolled in his place and knocked the lawyer out in the open as well .
melinda was nt the one on mom and dads bed ; millie , a toy doll with moving doll parts , had taken her place .
mike looked at the man with tears , he wanted nothing more than to kill this man , let him take lucy 's place .
although she could never take his place at the head of the order , he feared she would one day discover her heritage .
galloway asked , his usual , serious tone gone and a warm , pleasing mellowness in its place .
and then , in time , he would have carried on in my place , keeping sapience in check , ensuring no one abused the power for their own gain .
even the letter i ripped out was back in its place .
in its place stood ballard .
at her collarbone , in place of the skull pendant i 'd given her , was a tattoo of a spider .
even if that meant my best friend took my place .
somehow , everything about my new identity was in place .
january 18th , the final stages of the bomb delivery are put in place .
remember , that s the whole reason we did nt just perform a smash - and - grab extraction with her in the first place .
in fact you / they could not afford to leave around the tests of their absurdities experiments , above all of those not succeeded , as for instance that hamster to which you / they had grafted the feathers to the place of the hair and that now it spent the days trying to learn to fly .
one was a painting of all the historical places in town , this was in place of a watch .
i hate to leave yours and other cases i m working on but we have another states attorney who is very good taking my place .
it clicked into place .
you re ready to trade places with her .
ill bring her out here to take your place , nicholas said .
despite being tortured , eddie refused to allow her to take his place .
shed do anything to take his place .
sometimes she would dream she hung on the tree in his place .
if you want to run this hospital , your place is not only in the office .
we really need his cooperation in our war against terror and the only man senior enough to take his place , asgar was on our list of suspected terrorist sympathisers in pakistani defence forces that we handed over to musharraf after 9/11 .
shashi asked as he asked another policeman to take his place and started running towards the gypsy parked outside station .
pm should ' ve been here to take your place if you are sick but he is in japan on a tour .
in its place , still outdoors was some art deco furniture that looked like it belonged in a loft in new yorks tribeca .
in his place was a battle weary mature man who had had a lot of time to do a whole lot of thinking .
he could nt help it ; pieces started falling into place .
he took out the red pin and put the green one in its place .
they will remain in place until the matter is resolved .
as the image of john andrews kicking out at her blended with one of the enraged peterson hitting her with his full force , another more fearful image took their place : a vial in a deep freeze .
anticipating the question i can see on your lips , mrs andrews , in case anything untoward happens to me , if i m run over by a bus , for example , i have colleagues , one of whom would take my place and who then , and only then , would take over access to the records .
i was left the place by a relative of my late husband .
~~~ when sleep did return in the early morning , a new dream took the place of the friendly guide .
he asked , turning to face the vision of the old indian who had returned in place of daniels reflection again .
as he walked along in bare feet , trying to dodge any suspicious looking lumps on the pavement , frank mulled over what had just taken place .
i could have looked good and answered the questions , but that was nt the planand after all , it was ramirez who tracked the info down in the first place .
it was getting darker and i doubted the mission would take place .
all families have their minor histories and myths ; tales that do nt demand literal belief to take their place in the shared discourse ; and so the boys experience passed as unremarkable .
it was not that he was against religion , in its place .
he was so bored he would have volunteered to take dereks place .
in their place moving lines of vehicles ; and between them , banked expanses of grass that no - one ever stood upon .
and in place of the supercilious leer which dared the world to condemn him , now he was attempting a friendly grin .
the places are not owned -no , but your mr thomas owns that pimpled little shit who is going to take my place does nt he ?
many of the council and party members remembered how joe had made himself chairman of the planning committee in the first place : those who did nt were subtly reminded .
it was going to stop him kissing girls he should nt be kissing in the first place .
that will come as a disappointment , i realise , since that s actually what you paid me to do in the first place .
earthworms also keep the soil structure open by burrowing tunnels , allowing aeration and drainage to take place .
we develop the initiatives that will still be in place two decades from now , we make sure that overfishing does nt kill off our next tuna sandwich lunch and we make sure a huge swarm of locusts does nt go around eating crops intended for people .
someone may have accidentally placed krishnan as the suspect in place of someone else ? ''
to most other people , though , it came as a surprise that the airlines continued to offer food in the first place .
in its place , master it .
rena felt her face grow hot at the thought of her sister taking her place in her own home .
she took his place , opened the door a few inches , and peered out .
in their place was a bright red screen filled with scrolling white text .
but jac argued in court that no forging of documents had taken place , and since all mr jaspar had done was make antonio look like his brother unless he d informed mr jaspar in advance that it was to perpetrate some criminal activity mr jaspar himself had committed no crime .
although we still have to worry that if we get rid of mcelroy , clive beaton might simply put someone else in his place .
he 'd put them into their place , and there was n't much either seth or nina could do about it .
to seth 's credit , it was senseless for him to take the briefcase in the first place .
what happened next took place over an instant , but time stopped as it took place .
at about this time , zip , a sertz , relayed some ill - favoured news of a new line of thrustle - t , a lifeless robotic army who could take the place of a volks usefulness as a peace keeper .
if it pleases this counsel , gastonish began , i would like to have more information about what exactly took place .
it was his will to give it to me in the first place .
this is an experiment which will defy the laws of gravity in place of its own gravitational field .
i also have a special recipe for a vitamin which will not only clean people up from substance abuse , but it will take the place of alcohol , drugs and other popular illegal substances .
eddy quickly took his place , in a slightly less magnificent , but no less spectacular , shallow open hole .
its actually kind of odd how i came to read the book in the first place .
i wish i had never dropped it out of my pocket in the first place , then i would nt be in this predicament ! ! !
before we get to the manuscript it is in its place that we present the characters in the affair and the overarching events , the little that is known , in case you re not familiar with the affair .
riordan stepped back from the door and wheelan took his place .
he looked terrified so connor asked if he could spar with him in his place .
by the time the new arrivals from johannesburg had crossed the space between the british airways jet and the official beginning of zimbabwe , baggage handlers were already tossing their packs and bundles through the open hatch in the side of the building that served in place of a belt carousel .
he did nt want anyone to think that he was giving up his place on the course for good .
it would be better for a younger man to take his place .
as they came closer to the hills and the massive blackness rose before them in place of a skyline , it became harder to pick their way .
whoever had tripped simply dragged themselves upright and resumed their place in the line .
it was what he should have done in the first place .
when scott said he had something more challenging in mind for me to take its place , i became intrigued .
in its place was angeranger directed at those people who had tried to kill me , and who were trying to traumatize people whom i cared deeply about .
` ` in the bible , in the old testament , after king nebuchadnezzar ii of the babylonian empire had conquered jerusalem , he set a man named zedekiah in place as its king .
as donnet swung the door to the small room wide open and flicked on the light , the full horror of what had taken place there hit them : a large blood patch almost completely covering a waist - high table , strands of blood running off of its side to a heavy gout on the floor , then a trail of large blood spots between the door and the table .
but as the days ticked by with still no news or e - mail , her thoughts swung around again to the overriding feeling that it had been a set - up by chisholm to get his hand - picked boy from outside in place , or even mcallister ; perhaps he d been a favourite too of chisholms .
after all , he s the one who got the whole thing started in the first place .
already he d learned that all the sweet - talk in the world was nt going to take the place of what only his hands could tell the lady of the house .
delaney reaches the ground floor altar and the final team photo some sort of last supper , a football and scarf in place of the bread and wine .
the pain ebbs away , leaving a dull throb in its place .
two nudges and it falls into place jackpot .
talbot appears at the tip of the dry dock in place of his shadow .
if this worked out , the girl would have earned a bonus , and perhaps she was smart enough to take the directors place .
she parked her camry on the driveway beside an infinity sedan she had never before seen , in the place of pauls usual dodge truck .
it opened my eyes to the darkest idea i ever had , and that is where i had written paul klein in the place of the antichrist .
each time he used her name in place of punctuation , jessica could feel another set of nerves short - circuit .
cubicles in place of exposed desks , posters in place of pulitzers .
cubicles in place of exposed desks , posters in place of pulitzers .
opinion in place of rationality .
hi - definition , flat screen on the wall , racks of dvds in place of time cards .
fists swinging wildly , few punches finding their place .
you do nt answer our pages , you ve got construction waking us every morning we were ready and willing to relocate anyone while construction was taking place this is our home .
in place of her jolly , affable hacker , there was anita montero .
pieces all in place .
nothing but a void in place of the truth .
i tried to stay calm , selecting my royal blue sneakers instead and gently tying them onto my feet in place of the red ones .
yours could ve too if you had let me help you in the first place .
or will there then be something else in its place you have to then achieve before you will be happy ?
you mean the old psychologist , granger , was murdered so she could be put in his place .
verdad gave him an incentive to retire so she could be put in his place .
as a matter of fact , we have over 15,000 billable people in place today .
unless there was a newer , more politically correct term in place .
he remembered the zychowicz cousins , eternally relegated to last place in the alphabetically ordered world of catholic education .
once the arrangement was in place he spoke to the man twice a year , and never in person .
the rendezvous took place as planned , nicholas handed over the sixty thousand from the stash in toms safe and greg wandered across the street and over to belles .
were quite comfortable in our place , now .
in his place she saw his prison garments , smoldering from contact with the thin wires that sat in the chair , forming , for a moment suspended in time , the vague outline of a man .
they switched places and hugger lifted the flap , using his shirt tail to avoid leaving finger prints .
once in the car and on my way to the radio station i had a few minutes to think about how i might have handled the whole thing with more wit and style , but my strongest regret was that i d taken jackson up on his offer in the first place , never even considering the inappropriateness of the topic i d so blithely proposed nor bothering to think about the truly pathetic nature of the timing of my visit .
the whole process was a study in coordination between man and beast and most of it took place at a full gallop ; the first time we saw a magnificent palomino stallion cut out of the herd this way i thought of the stories i d read about genhis khan and the invading mongol hordes and i knew their prowess as horsemen had not been exaggerated .
just before i had to move out of range i heard him add the phrase he s in place already anyway and that s the last i could get of what they were saying .
snipers use them in place of makeup .
sydney hesitated , i believe everything is in its place .
since then , all cases were provided with two or even three separate profiles in the place of one collaborative effort .
they both rose and switched places .
some changes are taking place .
deacon stepped aside and jack took his place .
other than taking the place of someone else , he had nt seen any harm in her going either .
you see the inscription stone , which supposedly marks the exact spot of the exorcism , was so faded with age and the effects of the elements that it was removed some years ago and a commemorative bench was erected in its place .
not a lot really , not when you do nt know what it is that s supposed to happen , who s going to do it or where its going to take place !
the handover had taken place in his hotel bar .
in its place was an angry father , ready to kill .
if our places were reversed , would you not want to spend as much time as you could getting your revenge ?
the energy that was so abundant is gone , and in its place a heightened sense of paranoia permeates the streets .
white windows had recently been fitted , replacing poorly constructed dark wooden frames which had been in place previously .
they 'd hot - wired the original and driven this one into its place .
so far , nearly a week has been changed , which week has been transplanted in place of the original .
the deal in the shopping mall would never take place .
i heard myself yell , as if we could dodge the glass , let alone , whatever had caused the window to shatter in the first place .
if samuel failed , another would be sent in his place and samuel would be brought in for debriefing and perhaps even put on the bench .
her dizziness had receded leaving only a dull headache in its place .
a thick grey carpet had covered its floors , rich furniture had stood in place of this cage .
after destroying the half - written email , an empty email was sent to all task force members in its place .
the second email is merely a blank email , which was sent to all of the members of the task force in place of the earlier email .
poignant and often hilarious , open speakers took the place of the bar scene for me and were a lot more laid back than their closed - to - anyone - but - aa - members counterpart .
and the thing is , all the things i drank overloneliness , trying to fit in , trying to fill the empty place insideim finding all those things taken care of in sobriety .
now that he s got carrie back , he s gon na concentrate on making you pay for running her off in the first place .
i tried joining in the conversations around me , especially since the outing was my idea in the first place , but my mind kept clicking around a hamster - wheel of worries .
i debated telling her that the cops were coming , but she still gripped the knife and still blocked the door , and she might just wonder who called the police in the first place .
facilities shall be put in place .
his cold hand touched my hand and the pain suddenly disappeared altogether , but something else took its place .
i got up and we all went outside , closing the door and locking it up like nothing ever happened in the first place .
no surprise there since i was told to come here in the first place .
eddie would be the final block that would need to fall into place to make this work , to get a conviction on mcbride .
i 'll be gone by then , but rest assured another will take my place .
left in their place was a feather duvet wafting up and down in front of his face .
moreover , she was still hoping to take marion 's place in the play ; she had worked bloody hard for that .
here in myrtle beach , sand often took the place of soil and grass was sparse .
so all in place ?
in their place ) since i did n't have a dime on me .
and while i believe we d briefly rocketed forward fast enough to actually go back in time , technically , because of that particular time - shift , ergo , the event never really happened in the first place .
they did nt tell us anything -- just a new guy in his place .
rhyllann watched open mouthed as the dragons swirled away in a starfish shape , to be hidden by a new image rising to arrange itself magically in their place .
unlike shastri , she has more guts to thrash these dark madrasis and put them in their place .
91 using hawks nsa badge and i d , he gained access to the nsa headquarters where he set about placing bombs at vital places in the sprawling buildings structure .
kefa turned and stepped down to the table used in place of the altar for the so - called catholic mass known only as the novus ordo service , the mass of the new order , which was n't a mass at all , but rather a mere liturgical exercise .
it has been put back into its place , only to quickly become the empty shell it once was .
second time i came home drunk she told me she did nt allow no drunken injuns in her place .
erwin disappeared and in her place a video appeared in which an auburn - haired female news anchor at nwcn said , for more on developments concerning the viral disease from neah bay , we go to nwcn remote correspondent arran fisk , live at the olympic medical center in port angeles .
leon curtis , now fully recovered and immune to the neah virus , was bold enough to enter the crypt one last time before its destruction and remove the spaniards sword and scabbard , which after sterilization have taken their place among the cultural artifacts housed at the makah museum in neah bay , including the now - decontaminated parchment .
but they should have been in place as a matter of urgency .
try as he might , though , he could nt clearly remember why he had wanted it in the first place .
i feel directly responsible , since i sent him out to switzerland in the first place .
as i understand it , he was responsible for recruiting barbara wilkinson in the first place .
there s now no doubt that the wilkinsons were both working for the russians ; indeed they sent them over in the first place some years ago .
now you tell me you are trying to act as a detective , investigating a murder which you should have prevented in the first place .
take away that expenditure and put taxes in place of drug dealer profit , and we ve got a program that pays for itself , including more publicity campaigns against drugs .
zacharys solution : find humans to whom traumatic events had occurred , ask them how the traumatic event had shaped them ( this would be nearly impossible to measure ) , and then take a look at their children born before the traumatic event , and compare them to their children born after the traumatic event ( two sets of children would have to fall serendipitously into place ) and answer the question : does the second set of children share the trait that the parent believed the traumatic event caused in them , while the first set does not ?
she screamed that i had broken the plate to arouse her anger , and that she would break me and teach me my place in the household .
but if given the chance i wonder if i would be more likely to trade places with you , or you with me ?
in its place , the hum of car engines and the chatter of gawkers .
i can feel a clump of hair missing and a patch of gauze in its place .
i would ' ve traded places with you , stacey frowned .
fortunately , they had planned for this contingency and had some assets in place to conduct in - person surveillance .
they 're going to take our places , just in case somebody was following us .
of course , whether that is possible will depend on who assumes command in his place .
each of the section followed with jd interchanging places with his lead man .
no alex , my place is here to try and finish what i started .
the main point of it is that as soon as the organisation is in place then democratic elections will begin .
the civil service will be allowed to continue working until the interim government have assessed current working practices and put into place the charter objectives that their team have worked so hard on .
whenever one area of corruption was uncovered , two more would spring up in its place .
each successive call - in time was six hours later and as more withdrawals took place each round would have more gaps .
sufficient evidence could be provided to show the outside world that a direct libyan involvement had taken place .
this will give us a birds eye view on the game , to see who shows up to take her place once she s off to jail .
in its place his eyes had taken on a haunted quality , stress had marked his forehead with worry lines and the corners of his mouth were turned down in a frown .
with a comical grin he watched himself reach out and turn the dial on the radio again back to where she had tuned it in the first place .
then taking the pad and sticking it in her purse she picked up and returned the file to its rightful place so it would nt alarm her fastidious receptionist , thankful that wendy was nt the one who had found it in the first place .
gone was his quiet bravery and in its place was a certain kind of sickliness .
and you would still leave this place in a body bag , which is what i set out to do in the first place .
under their relentless assault , feelings of inferiority and worthlessness began to well up in him , but his integral sense of self - belief rose to meet these unfamiliar emotions , forcing them back down and into their place .
one more thing before i go , i unscrewed the silencer and put everything back in its place .
the sphere faded into the background as video clips of various conflicts took its place .
no time , you sit , leo traded places , hefting the widowmaker , which was about as long as he was tall , onto his own braided and epauletted shoulder .
an opportunity was presenting itself here where , if he was brave and clever , he could stand against the captain , seek the crew 's support , and if he won it , overthrow the captain and take his place .
so wipe your tears , and take your place again at the helm of my ship ! ''
the captain was a stickler for cleanliness and everything being in its place .
richard tyler had offered to go with him , as one of the landing party , but feeling immediately threatened , silver had argued against it , and volunteered in his place : an action he had immediately regretted and which caused him to dislike richard tyler even more .
i was instructed to have you watch me until one of the other nuns can take your place while you are informed of the situation .
i allowed the feeling of excitement to take the place of the knot in my stomach .
he intended to take my place .
you have learned everything you need to learn to take my place as the master elder of the level of the body , the master of the death of the body .
you were always meant to take my place .
the short story sanguine saviour won second place in the monthly darker times competition and was included in the inaugural darker times anthology as well .
in their place was a beautiful bed of flowers .
but seriously , evan has been really supportive and my first act is going to be appointing him as assistant director to take my place in case something happens to me .
strip spotlights hung in place of the fluorescent tubes that had once vomited their weak green light .
daddy took sung li out of the center space on the main shelf and put that knotty old gnome in her place .
ed managed to haul himself upright without puking , but then he stood and swayed as his senses spun and swapped places , and he vomited down the wall .
he rolled to one side , striving to get upright and balanced with the tommy gun again so that he could begin to understand what had put him down in the first place .
he considered taking the black handkerchief with him , but decided against it , stuffing it in underneath the bag : there needed to be nothing linking him to what had taken place .
as far as i can make out with a hangover and a cigarette , there are three options : cancel the press conference and take the egg on the face , track down hope in the next four hours and deliver him up as scheduled or the third option is to find someone else to take his place .
ill have to go quickly so jason does nt try and take my place , i m keeping my fingers crossed that he finds that snake .
i guess he must know that it was his fault for screaming so loud and making me stop that the cherokee broke in the first place .
i send him up the mast to take jasons place .
i want to argue that i should take jasons place since he s been with her all night but karen drags me out into the cockpit .
anything different and the reservation would be in place with the time being the number of people involved .
the first picture was of a black business card with account number on it , the wax bitcoin symbol had been cracked open and an empty circle was the only thing left in its place .
however , i am here in his place and my father wanted me to ... ensure your compliance with our wishes .
are you kidding me , that s when the merger actually took place !
well i forgot lunch so it looks like this is to take its place .
once the diver had removed his tanks , mask and findings a second diver took his place and the crate was returned to the water for the search to continue .
it was as if in the night something had changed inside susan , the joyful and funny girl had gone , in their place was a hard relentless person , one that would give no quarter to anyone , and take no prisoners .
in their place he would feel anger at the person responsible for pursuing susan , obtaining the evidence outlined in the english court which led to her extradition and was now likely to result in the ruin of her life .
a voice calmly said , i ve come to take your place .
what did stranger mean when he said that he had come to take our place ?
i was lucky to get the four weeks off in the first place .
the smile disappeared , and a haunted look took its place .
instead of turning the page he had previously ended on , ashe did something that he should have done in the first place .
and i now know that you let my mother die in your place .
light was instantly sucked away , leaving blackness in its place , engulfing the entire house .
interpretation and perception were the officers basic tools , but they were also the things that sometimes lead them astray , due to false information and an ignorance to what was actually taking place .
for a brief moment his anguish gave him the urge to remove lucky barretts head from his neck , but another desire had since taken its place .
befuddlement had taken the place of clear thought .
it could have been given to him in the place of aspirin for a headache .
` ` i 'll go in your place and i will take the boys .
today she would finally be rid of that torment if everything fell into place .
but it was nt his place to share these concerns with one of the detectives peers .
not in place yet .
i pushed away the shame to make place for self - aimed anger .
colin took his place again in my chair , much to my dismay .
throughout my rushed report of what took place , phillip looked increasingly distressed until i felt compelled to stop .
everyone is in place for tonight , leon said .
all my frustration , thoughts and desperate plans made place for panic .
the white boy took treces place at alexs ankles .
he had attended a charity function at your mothers house in place of his general .
pieces of the memory began to click into place .
- 23 - now the betrothal was about to take place .
he is to return and is to lead the vitelli in my place .
i was proud to teach that class in his place .
the fear drained out of shin yi at once and almost hysterical relief took its place .
if i had known you would exploit marcus tang this way , i would n't have allowed you to see him in the first place . ''
` ` if you feel you can not trust me , i will voluntarily stop my visits with you , but i will try to arrange for someone else , another minister , to take my place .
if that were his decision , i planned to stress his need for someone to study with him , and make connections with someone to come in my place .
when did we switch places ?
the questions were racing so fast in his mind another question would take its place before he could consider and answer the one before .
once the royal formalities were in place , they proceeded up the grand staircase to the blue drawing room and waited to be invited into the state dining room .
he attempted to intermarry with many rich land lords and minor kings but without the might of rome behind him , the native english resented him and all of rome for invading their island in the first place .
hank then disappeared into the forest without a sound , taking out the next three sentries that had a clear view of the back of the ranch house while the general and matt made their way toward the fallen soldiers , taking their place and effectively opening up an area of 800 yards without a sentry while the remaining army was none the wiser .
a few seconds later , the zeros and ones disappeared and , in their place , a red line ten characters long appeared on the upper left corner of the screen on a black background .
the years that the women that had carried on in their place would come to understand their strength .
in its place was the dark blue of the mediterranean evening and cool air blew inwards from the shore .
then she turned her attention to where it should have been in the first place .
shed put the little snot in his place .
they always came to an agreement because sherman did nt want to lose his connection with his fence and have to find someone else to take his place .
if you do , then ill gladly give you the job because i never wanted it in the first place !
when she jumped him this time , he was irritable and frustrated at what he had gone through in order to get the drugs in the first place .
i take her place and feel a pinch in my side .
even so , she wished damien was around to put kenneth in his place .
maya crept away from the car , further to the rear of the lot , where a pile of rubble rose from the ground , the only trace of the structure that had once stood in its place .
the others are in place .
i do nt care how powerful the john is he s not going to lie in the hospital bed for me and die in my place , so it was nt negotiable .
i asked but why do you think it was lying out in the garden in the first place ?
her mouth opened , a stutter escaping every few seconds in place of a response .
a few cars came and went as families stumbled out of the restaurant and others made their way inside to take the place of those who had just left .
in its place stood the most striking woman nightingale could ever have imagined .
they had said that if he did n't get jenny there on time , the young girl would take her place on the cross .
but the look was only fleeting , and the man forced a beatific smile in place .
given his bent toward the couch potato coterie , he was surprised to find himself running in place in the tiny bathroom .
it ca n't be just a coincidence that the person whose office appeared in place of the weird room is talking about that .
cut the crap and take your place !
silver could n't deny it any longer once she got home and realized whose place she took .
there was a hesitation before the door moved and team - leader jeff stood in its place , beaming at me .
i would love the company and as it was her idea to store stuff at the station in the first place , it makes sense that she shows me exactly where .
since emma had left , the man i once was had almost completely disappeared and what stood in its place was a contradiction .
the second emmas fingers touched the wood of the door , it swung open and a greasy little goblin stood in its place .
the car horns had disappeared and in their place was the sound of engines roaring .
no resentment , no tears , no hard feelings or any overwhelming desire of revenge , just the sheer joy of knowing that things are taking their place in the long chain of events , as it is expected .
if he did nt want the secret out , why write a letter in the first place ?
stick the false bottom back in and the drawer in its place .
and thus , piotr took his place as lord friedrick hurlingthon .
my mouth dropped open as i immediately saw both of his eyes were missing , twisted knots of sunken scar tissue in their place seeming to blindly gaze back at me .
if our plan succeeded , i would take the place of my father as ruler of the land and take helenas hand to be my queen .
had a higher power brought jaw - long into my life to take hinto 's place , just like hinto had taken pa 's for a spell ?
if the first few elements fell into place , then he would nt be dissuaded by the long - shot odds .
i do nt mind politicians doing what they re elected to do , which is , look out for the special interests that voted you in in the first place , eldorado says , at least that way you know every demographic is represented at least some of the time .
and anyway the way everyone thinks politics works flies in the place of common sense , this whole notion of buying votes : you got a million bucks to donate , you gon na give it to jackass a who is strongly opposed to your idea , or you gon na give it to numbnuts b who already feels the way you do ?
without compromising your safety we really need you in place gathering as much information as possible .
in their place instead , especially as he rose to the c and b decks , are more of those damn giant crates .
numbering now forty five strong , occasional grumblings surface from those that report to him , that they feel he is moving too fast , that proper precautions have not been put in place as they were in the past .
abruptly he spins around , and she is so caught off guard by this , by the automatic weapon fire of thoughts going off one after another in her head , that she gasps and shifts backward a half step in place of following through with her threats of violence .
another kapo then took his place and the roll of names continued .
the perfect way to prove a mans innocence is to provide a guilty man in his place .
essentially , you and niki are soon going to have the same goal of putting sarah back in her place of the quiet suburban housewife ; keeping her nose out of other peoples business .
lifting her down then , he pressed her into the well wall with his body - tenderness spent , and in its place pain , or an urgency that could pass for pain .
fear pushed back and in its place excitement .
the boy 's eyes raised slowly as if he were shy , as if his lash - less lids were smithed of iron , and his eyes smiled in place of those thin rind lips hidden by his snout .
then he stomped its skull with his boot heel and picked it up again by its hard curled tail and walked off , passion spent and in its place , pain .
` ` it 'll all fall in place if you do your part . ''
the chemical mist from the crop duster has lifted or burned off , and in its place is the green - peanut scent of cooling earth and oak - moss .
i m going to take the place of god !
his mental state had become totally detached of reason , and in its place resided something utterly awful and truly a manifestation of his gluttony .
she felt the heavenly air , cold and comfortless leaving the caress of her body , and in its place , a warm shroud of air comforted her descent .
it did seem to fall into place too easily .
ill have it taken to my place .
she told him the only reason , she came to philadelphia in the first place , was learning of frank .
if you d been doing your job in the first place , i never would have been framed , and the real killer would be sitting here instead of me !
i swap places with randy and tell him , you can use the closet with the sink to change and wash up .
` ` some veterans swear the damage is temporary.others believe that you can never fully recover.where the delicate balance of neurotransmitters and brain chemistry are concerned , there is no true and absolute measure.the reports of recovering addicts are subjective and based on each persons memory of what normal used to be carol knew that her anxiety was from a physical cause.she had sedated herself to sleep every night and now her normal sedating ability was gone.in its place , every nerve ending was on fire.she had been able to talk herself through the torment by understanding its cause.her recent depression , however , was beyond her control.the sadness and hopelessness she woke up with every day did not give a rats ass regarding its cause.there was a hole in her soul.it was pain of a nature that screamed to be removed and the need to wait for healing was not accepted or understood .
the two men sat in silence , thinking about the problem.well , one thing is certain , jeff said finally.we have got to get all that suprame out of doctor donovans office before anyone starts snooping around there , but what do we put in its place ? ''
dominex pharmaceuticals had substituted a whole new set of supposed volunteers in place of the real ones.the devastation of sedative withdrawal had been replaced with five hundred happy , healthy people .
there would be no shortage of candidates to take his place .
i needed a suburban setting convenient to manhattan , and realized i already had one in monroe where the touch took place .
she was sincerely complimented on her looks and succinctly put back in her place while at the same time shown gratitude for her words .
it was always a single - sided relationship , always taking place in my mind and heart until today .
he had told him that gillettes system was nt in place and then poof !
` ` why do n't you let me go in your place ? ''
of course , ed was the first man in place for this particular operation .
instead , dalton took his place .
the laughter faded and a serious sort of anticipation budded in its place .
that stopped the policeman short for a minute or so , and david could almost see the thoughts churning in his friends head , as if the pieces of a tremendous puzzle were slowly fluttering and falling into place .
you may go to prison a murderer , and perhaps even take my place in the noose .
that boy knew of the injustice of it all in his own simple way yet he still offered to die in place of men he scarcely knew .
he and his most loyal followers put everyone in their place , warning that if anyone participated in an act of insurrection or tried to steal from what little we had stored away , they d be shot .
i got down from the table and had another man take my place .
this was the explicit reason i did nt want to read the book in the first place .
i apologized for abandoning her at the benefit and she simply admitted it d been a mistake for the two of us to have gone together in the first place .
i should have gone in the first place .
they switched places and pang drove away like a man possessed .
a black divider kept them in place ; leaving room for three new licenses and cell phones .
to be honest and he leans forward , talking low just between you and me , that s what miss clark should really have done in the first place .
as he defeated one opponent , two more seemed to take his place .
you need to be taught your place .
take out the leader and another takes his place .
` ` oliviaplease '' ` ` my reputation is ruined , and she 's not only trying to take my place , she 's resorted to plagiarism ! ''
a by - line was a by - line , and it was clear that emily would stop at nothing to take olivia 's place .
i volunteered to take her place .
those stories eventually ended as fresher stories appealing to detroit 's middle and upper class took its place .
` ` but things only started falling in place when i reversed the sequence .
dewitt stumbles in and takes her place and screams , ` ` what the fuck is going on ? ''
inside the closet , andy has attached his own router in place of the hotel 's .
disband the supreme court , vacate its recent acts , and appoint a peoples court in its place ; 9 .
he wanted evan to take his place as lead attorney .
a rage she had both for her abductor , for making her a victim , and for herself , for allowing herself to become a victim in the first place .
she was thankful to him for providing her with the milk despite her abductor being the reason she was there in the first place .
i ca n't imagine who could take his place .
rich west 's vice presidential running mate , he was the natural to take his place after the assassination .
all i am is the man he named to take his place if the worst happened .
everything was in its place , but the feeling of warmth had vanished .
when she looked up at him , she saw that the mask of hostility and anger had faded , leaving derision in its place .
he had sent aggie in his place , being bound to the shelter of the tree - line , to discover the truth .
suddenly , every memory flashed into place and her heart leapt at the sudden recognition .
it took place in some blue vinyl room in the park , hours of pain unalleviated by drugs , since mother did nt believe in deadening the experience , any experience , except those that hurt the mind , and my birth had evidently lulled her into thinking it all simple .
* the feelings of romantic bliss had quickly dissipated away and the wily veteran of domestic chaos returned in their place .
i do nt think the negative report of a psychologist will get me kicked out of the rip , said breeze , because that was what helped me get the job in the first place .
as he ran down the brighton street , it struck him how far this was from what he had once considered police work : running from a criminal , after all , was unlikely to make any city the safer , but then , he did not even know that this man was a criminal ; in fact , his own actions were the only crime he was sure had taken place .
another gang would just take his place .
and whores took the places of young lovers .
he looked up from his magazine with a smile on his mug , but when he saw me his smile disappeared , and his usual stone face took its place .
nobody could ever take your place .
warehouses and piers took the place of the skyscrapers , and trucks , crates , and bales cluttered the area .
stench took the place of gunpowderburnt flesh that smelled like rotting eggs .
the wooden portal opened , and a huge man with a bloody face took its place .
shed watched her husband without interruption when he finally took his place of solace .
it had been justin 's idea to come out to soldier creek in the first place .
his voice was gone ; in its place was the tart flavor of bile and a trace of blood .
` ` no need to excuse yourself , '' the man said , ` ` this ai n't my place .
just as a victorious grin begins to play on warden brights face it disappeared as if it never existed in the first place .
chris had nt known what to make of that news at that time and still was trying to put the puzzle piece in place even now .
katrine duly noted that the applicant should be notified and that a re - application with the missing elements in place would be considered provided it was received within three months .
guido has the systems in place .
no , toni , in the usa politics and business are linked together and we do not have anyone in place who is reliable enough .
` ` perhaps , '' jim said , ` ` so leave the key players in place .
he did nt want to discuss any of his biological issues with denise , though the alternative , the reason they had agreed to meet for lunch in the first place , was nt going to be pleasant either .
roxane had seen pairs of sneakers after pair of sneakersafter another pair of sneakers now , for all the days she still had to live , roxanne sanchez would remember this morning and that all the many pairs of sneakers had been taken downand new symbols of ownership and territory had taken their place .
along the dark wall behind john is shelving with nests of loose papers and old bound books like the kind everybody used to read before computers took their place .
anyway , sis shirley had taken one look at the pink - cheeked boys blond curls and swore shed never laid eyes on a prettier child and in place of the goat for pay she would take rights of visitation .
she shrugs her shoulders , something she seldom does anymore in place of speaking .
she tried to put herself in the place of the keepers , passing down secrets across the generations .
arkane is working under the auspices of religious study and research , but in the case of removal , were putting expert forgeries in their place .
one couple had moved on , but two others had taken their place .
cover , roxanne fired the accelerator up as she sped the honda around two slow moving cars and slipped back into the correct lane as if shed never abandoned it in the first place .
chapter 1 night crippled in slowly as the sun ascended to its resting place ; the west horizon , its crying rays enlarged the shadow of the only tree in front of his house , and the whole circumference of the room was totally engulfed by the monster shadow .
` ` hello again , '' the soldier said , and he was laughing , and it was that laugh that pierced lucinda and drove fear aside in place of anger .
he must have someone else holding the boy while he checks out olivia and satisfies himself that there s no police operation in place .
i invited albert in his place .
the pieces were continuing to fall into place within his mind .
the first concession was in place within a week of the purchase .
then , he had witnessed as bratcher shook alberts hand and appeared to have apologized for taking it in the first place .
all sentimentality and patriotism left me and in its place i became one in mind with the person that did the heinous deed .
just his everyday dumpster uniform with its permanent stains and holes in odd places that were nt patched up yet .
when they were led into the chamber in the first place , they had hoped the cuffs would finally come off .
and yet , another part of him said any so called control had been lost when he agreed to meet this woman in the first place .
half an inch , the man put hans in his place .
only in place of kaukauna warriors were suicide bombers , and in place of stone statues of pagan gods were statues carved into the likeness of bin laden ?
only in place of kaukauna warriors were suicide bombers , and in place of stone statues of pagan gods were statues carved into the likeness of bin laden ?
just daydreams about situations and people i would not have been comfortable with nor they with me , nothing i would have traded my place with phil for .
she pulled a wheeled tray away from the head of the bed and pulled a red plastic chair with maple arm rests in its place and sat down .
what you see this morning is one i chose in its place .
it was originally the west side of the living room floor before phil moved the living room wall back six feet , built a balustrade in its place , hung a white porch swing from the ceiling at the north end and painted the floor rainproof gray .
copyright 2013 isbn : 9781310340499 acknowledgements i would like to thank pierre and jon for their advice , without which the aviation - related segments of this book would be a great deal sparser and less accurate , as well as zoe , who encouraged me to put it down on paper in the first place .
i say , dr . yuan , i said cheerfully , perhaps one of mr . zhaos friends would be willing to give up his place to you ?
so you do have a soul , after all i thought , taking my place .
the move he had just pulled with the pizza on the beaten up salaryman had been rehearsed a hundred times over in his fantasies of finally putting mr hachikawa in his place .
there would be no twenty - one gun salute but my name will be uttered in reverence in our place .
yeah well , he should nt have loaned it to you in the first place .
yeah , but he was being nice by letting me drive it in the first place , even if it did turn out to be a death trap .
though we ought to be thankful that we ever had them , we mourn them so completely that sometimes we consume ourselves with what we have lost and overlook what we are given in their place .
vasily got up and misha sat in his place .
eventually , he comes down with his daughter and takes his place at the microphone .
the united nations is an organization that ca nt seem to do the one thing they were assembled for in the first place : help the helpless .
and the first thing he did that first winter it did nt return , was volunteer to help those younger boys taking his place .
if i could n't have them , i did n't wish to raise another in their place .
how about i move over , and you can take my place .
for a moment he could feel the key searching for the slothe still did not know which end was upand then it fell into place and he felt the lock begin to turn .
i think i ve done enough damage already by talking you into coming with me in the first place .
he 's an educated man , and that 's the reason he hired him in the first place .
as soon as the sleek black limo had slithered away from the curb , a tiny , yellow smart car pulled up , screeched to a halt and took its place .
he needs to cover his losses so his family wo nt notice , so he sells the original paintings and puts forgeries in their places .
the pieces did n't fit quite right , but i had nothing else to fit in their place , so i accepted what i was told and tried to move on .
the clouds were already scurrying away leaving blue sky in their place and colours and smells that seemed even more vivid in the afterglow of the rain .
this was the card that occupies the place of the book while it is being borrowed , and is the triplicate of the forms that are filled out .
all the pumps were gone , leaving only rusted fixtures in their place .
he pressed his lips together and slightly lowered his head to let everyone see how upset he was at not being able to take syckos place .
if you think it better i m sure you could take my place and we who are left behind here will manage even without you .
` ` louie , in her place i would have killed him , many times over .
i could hear the music coming up from the lower floor where the girls were entertaining lonely men by removing what little clothes they had been wearing in the first place .
somehow your boy switched places with him .
we can not be sure that he does not present a further danger to the public until we know what that motive was and that he is prepared to work with the experts on overcoming whatever urges prompted him to murder in the first place .
hannah disappeared with the bailiff , a young man with long , dark hair stood in her place .
note from hannah to josie josie took her place in front of the witness .
linda turned a blind eye , some people ignored their troubles , and some created bigger ones to take their place .
the charred wood had been removed , new wood rose in its place , framing the room just as it had been before the fire .
she was overwhelmed by outrage on behalf of hannah , the girl who had always paid the price for linda 's cowardice and greed , the daughter who protected her mother at every turn , only to take second place to the men in linda 's life .
the possibility that josie could not only exonerate hannah , but also offer lady justice the real perpetrator in her place had proved to be a powerful draw .
it would have taken me a lifetime to earn that much money , but still , i felt a twinge of guilt , thinking that i might have taken the place of someone like marybeth , someone who really wanted to be a politician someday and had worked hard to get there .
seeing jeremy and hugging him had given me the comfort and assurance i needed and made me almost forget why i had been looking for them in the first place .
i ' m not sure i can take your place at the furnace today , i said cautiously .
i felt bad letting him take my place at work , but i felt too weak to do anything else .
another gunner must have taken the place of the dead german since that machinegun i had quieted opened up again .
america has its aristocracy oil and train tycoons , and the bankers who loaned the money to them in the first place .
we are sitting in a hide by the waters edge , and the phd student is getting him up to speed on her project : i was lucky enough to get the actual event on film - it only took the female common cuckoo 13.1 seconds to land on the next , eject an egg and lay an egg in its place , she whispers , her voice full of pride .
` ` such as leaving the spy in place and sending the j 's phony signals .
their next meeting took place in a replica of an ancient hawaiian temple , a high - gabled grass and bamboo hut guarded by life - sized wooden warrior statues bearing spears .
why the fuck you guys send out the bulletin for in the first place .
he started as a strip - club bouncer and ended up the top muscle for some big time gangs , first for the koreans and then the samoans , the kind who never went to prison because others were made to go in his place .
another memory took its place .
what ` ` safeguards '' were in place in her own mind ?
but then again if he was n't high the chemicals would n't a started bubblin ' over in the first place .
if i did nt sue , then a dozen lawyers would take my place and do it anyway .
as one cargo truck filled up , a driver would pull away , and another empty truck would take its place .
someday your dad will become too old to lead , and you can take his place .
citizens of the empire elected me to take his place .
most of all i hated carvelle for starting this whole thing in the first place .
coffee cups and desert plates full of house branded bitter - mints take their place .
she has to fight to keep the controls in place .
ya could maybe go back and jab her for fraud even , taking your parents place and all .
now here he was in place , blades sharpened , guns cleaned and black had yet to enter the country .
someone had since taken his place , up on the eighth floor , and weapon .
as he followed her , she kept glancing backwards , expecting to see malcolm trailing behind , but he had n't even come along in the first place .
i suppose by rank , i am now to take his place , he thought .
you see , he seems to think that suppositions and innuendo take the place of fact in showing reasonable doubt .
in my nightmare , everything was in its place : the rusty bucket , the stone bunk , the fetid mattress , the infested blanket , the overhead naked bulb , way out of reach .
` ` suppose we change places . ''
it proved next to impossible to induce the reichs heini to betray his leader by conducting negotiations for a separate peace with the usa and britain or by plotting to assassinate hitler and take his place . ''
in its place , torn trees jutted up from the debris - strewn earth consisting of splintered remnants of houses , destroyed vehicles , broken glass , and paper .
the void took the place that was once occupied not only by her loving relationship with morgan , but also the unwavering companionship of her best friend , skyler .
yet , a part of her felt guilty for agreeing to the coffee in the first place .
tireless housekeeping took the place of her daily runs .
morgan pulled a guy and put levi in his place .
she thought to run after him , but she held her place .
when his lips brushed hers , she held her place , gently returning the gesture .
its why i d picked the door in first place , the old man would nt answer like he had nt before .
i wanted to laugh , just hold my hands up , kindergarten , say i surrender , christ , forget about it , i surrender , do it with a smile on my face , one last chance that it might be taken as a joke , as an absurdity , wanted to believe the action would seem out of place if i took it .
we invite you to take nicks place for the time being .
her initial fear of him was beginning to subside and curiosity was taking its place : his gaze told her that he wanted something , but what ?
in its place arnold had become weak , timid and pale .
maybe the poem would fall in place once he was here .
perhaps his real intent was for sieb to take his place .
he had a new roy lichtenstein which should fit very nicely in its place .
if i had been tempted to ... stray from mr . wendelsons stipulated wishes ; if i had done what my rational mind has been urging me to do ever since i drew up the confounded document in the first place , which was to tear it into small shreds and pretend that it had never existed , perhaps then i would have met with my own assassins bullet .
the idea was subsequently largely discredited , admittedly by the americans , who had a vested interest in seeing it quashed since they had been responsible for developing the vaccine in the first place , but nevertheless quite convincingly , when computer extrapolations back of the mutations that would have had to occur in the dna sequences between the siv virus and the hiv virus , indicated that the crossover must have occurred significantly further back in time , perhaps in the 1930s .
billys mind explodedthe puzzle pieces falling into place .
when dana informed them it was a deal - breaker , they made a counter offer in which the senators wife , kelly klein - laroche , would meet dana on tuesday in place of her husband , at the restaurant of danas choice .
she already had the outline ; jezebel wanted to pass a bill legalising brothels and was blackmailing an mp she was seeing into letting her take his place as a parliamentary candidate , so she could run for election .
no , rob thinks it would be a good opportunity for me to take his place tomorrow at the middle school .
he had a last minute meeting today and asked me to come in his place .
this would have been ideal in the wake of 9/11 but since i had not partnered with bin laden i had no way to put this kind of plan in place .
the meeting did take place .
below in the light of the station were chuggers and other phoneys hawking ripper walks and ghost trails , and a flood of long - hour commuters with their umbrellas and free rags heading home , and the vanguard of suburban libertines arriving to take their place .
i mean , for every lame we bust , there s a hundred more to take his place .
with luck on my side , i d catch a cop show , and one : remind myself why i took this job in the first place , and two : perhaps add a few killer lines to my arsenal .
hell , maybe god created television in the first place so these guys could make a show for me to turn to .
he would have to explain all this to the law eventually but calling the law also meant having to explain why he was digging in cemetery in the first place .
then she stared in confusion as a huge orange ball took the place of the plane .
her mind worked constantly during the act , noticing the obvious and then ever so slight changes marcus made around his rooms the mirror on the west wall instead of the north , a red candle on the mantle in place of the white , the lampshade , a cabernet instead of the merlot on top of the wine rack .
everything of which shed previously only read appeared to be in place .
it at first felt warm , like running into an old friend , then painful as the memories surfaced of what had transpired to separate them in the first place .
strangely enough , the pieces all started falling into place the further along i let my brain meander down this path , joe said .
it took place after lunch , under the stern supervision of my mother .
after a few minutes of batting practice , i gave the bat to miguel and we swapped places .
put her in the place of the little hailey girl .
` ` exactly where did this take place ? ''
` ` where did this examination take place ? ''
` ` where did the examination take place ? ''
in place of her old clothes , grace was given three pairs of underwear , a bra that did n't fit and a scratchy orange prison uniform two sizes too big for her .
she should have called john in the first place .
in its place was a calmness , a confidence that made cora uneasy .
in its place was the old familiar look of love , that unique combination of trust , lust and respect that made michael feel he could move mountains .
in her place stood an old man with rotting teeth .
everything began falling into place .
he raised his hand and blocked out his old friend 's name and in his mind tried david o'donnell in its place .
inserted the second unit in its place .
his procedures are all still in place . ''
in their place were six blue chrysler 300cs .
after all , it had been aringarosa who gave silas life in the first place ... in that small rectory in spain , educating him , giving him purpose .
all the historical signs are in place , and if the priory did not intend to make their secret known very soon , why has the church now attacked ? ''
nonetheless , president zach herney had little trouble tolerating the woman 's idiosyncrasies ; her intellect and hard work were almost single - handedly responsible for putting herney in office in the first place .
as more water rushed in to take its place , the vortex intensified .
it was framed in plastic and the tourist message had been covered over with paper and a new title had been hand - lettered in its place .
the unit leader took his place .
he changed places with his leader again .
i ai n't lost my place already , have i ?
times were different back then -most people do n't realize how different - but that did n't mean i had to take it from joe just because i 'd been enough of a goose to marry him in the first place .
the terror went away , but no smile come in its place .
it happened so fast it was almost like he 'd never been there in the first place ; all at once there was nothin there but a saggy gray square of wood with a ragged black hole in the middle of it and fireflies zippin back n forth over it .
bolted the virginia issue in their place .
the high window showed luminous streaks of dawn in their place .
carmen stood up slowly and stepped forward and took his place there .
the heavy drops had stopped and in their place was an insistent patter of drizzle .
bobby 's pick - up was back in its place , but it was wet and streaked with mud .
as his heart rate began a gradual decline and he propped himself up on the pillows , he finally remembered why he 'd set the alarm in the first place .
the negotiations took place at a sidewalk cafe along the edge of piazza garibaldi , with rick and sam seated nearby having a beer and dying of curiosity .
` ` we delete the international prefix , and we add a zero in its place . ''
he can take your place .
there 's a plan in place , and it will stay in place . ''
` ` there 's a reporting mechanism in place . ''
` ` curfew still in place ? ''
after a while bond said : ' it 's very satisfactory to be a corpse who changes places with his murderers .
but there it all was , just as i had ` ` left '' it - the important - looking reception desk , the wire rack of paperbacks and magazines , the long counter of the cafeteria , the dozen neat tables with rainbow - hued plastic tops and uncomfortable little metal chairs , the big ice - water container and the gleaming coffee percolator - everything in its place , just as ordinary as could be .
i hope the count understands that his personal problem , interesting and important though it is , must take second place to the problems of government . '
fraulein bunt appeared and took her place .
grief took its place .
in its place there started up a droning whine , rather like the noise of a very fast electric fan , with , behind it , the steady , unvarying tick - pause - tock , tick - pause - tock of some land of metronome .
blofeld appears to be attempting cures of these allergies by hypnosis , and not only cures , but a pronounced affinity with the cause of the allergy in place of the previous repulsion .
in its place we now see a vacuous , aimless horde of seekers - after - pleasure - gambling at the pools and bingo , whining at the weather and the declining fortunes of the country , and wallowing nostalgically in gossip about the doings of the royal family and of your so - called aristocracy in the pages of the most debased newspapers in the world . '
it seemed to me that i could take the place of a younger man .
it would be of great assistance to the family if you would deign to take his place . '
you have your private reasons for wanting to kill me , and i have absolutely no doubt that you kept your knowledge to yourself and passed it on to no one for fear that the official action i have described would take the place of your private plans for revenge . '
james bond took his place and unshipped the oars , and the cormorant scrambled on board and perched imperiously in the bows .
said m. quietly , knowing that death had walked into the room and was standing beside him , and that this was an invitation for death to take his place in the chair .
he was a most spectacular trick shot , he was a stand - in strong man in the acrobatic troop , often taking the place of the usual artiste as bottom man in the ` ` human pyramid '' act , and he was the mahout , in gorgeous turban , indian robes , etc . , who rode the leading elephant in a troupe of three .
mr . hendriks said , ` ` i will take his place .
nick nicholson , as neat as a pin , came across the lobby and , with a courtly smile and a bow for bond , took up his place behind the desk .
if my bullet had been an inch maybe two inches , to the right , it 'd be you that 's dead in place of me .
jamaican fishermen have taken the place of the arawak indians , but otherwise there is the impression that time has stood still .
she moved the whitaker 's carefully aside and put her letters and notebook in its place .
socks and ties , some nylon underclothes , and two pairs of the long silk pyjama coats he wore in place of two - piece pyjamas .
but it was a good lunch , a real meal , and you could do with little supper and save up for the sable coat that would one day take the place of the well - worn siberian fox .
it was said that rosa klebb would let no torturing take place without her .
they took places on his right .
the squat bulge of a silencer had taken the place of the rubber tip .
hope your people will be sending us a rather better type of man to take his place .
they changed places .
it smashed the camp , both wardens were reported killed - though one , it turned out , escaped to die in jamaica - it burned the nesting places , it spread terror among the birds .
the wine waiter , washing his hands , took the waiter 's place .
bond took the girl 's place and looked through the glasses .
bond took his place , gave himself a lowish tee , addressed the ball with careful enmity and , with a flat , racket - player 's swing in which there was just too much wrist for safety , lashed the ball away .
instead , the cat will be punished in your place .
he said : ` ` i daresay the affection this young man had for the natives took the place of the affection young men of that age in other walks of life have for the opposite sex .
vaguely , against the jangling of his nerves and the aching of muscles and tendons , he heard the fat man heave himself off his table and , moments later , another patient take his place .
despite the unexpected way in which it had happened , the crucial pieces were falling into place .
the symbol , as any scholar of medieval art would recognize , was a well - known symbature -- a symbol used in place of a signature .
then he folded the virgin silk robe that he would eventually don in place of his loincloth .
in its place , the tattooed face reappeared , its chilling visage staring down through the small window .
the helicopter was gone now , in its place a silent , wintry moon .
it was going to be all i could do to keep my own hand in place .
i already reamed out fred hoffmann for sending graham in the first place .
but now , the american membership was slowly being reduced by a simple procedure : whenever an american retired , his place was offered to a japanese .
the two halves swap places . ''
` ` robert , '' the newcomer whispered , ` ` we thought you had ... '' he shook his head as if trying to get the pieces to fall into place .
she was wearing a black blouse in place of her customary cream .
after all , it was the father 's place to bring up his son .
when it was over , toby took his stand - in 's place .
no , clifton could not let this marriage take place .
dozens of skilled doctors here , waiting for one of us to retire or to die , so that they can take our place .
she would try to take her mother 's place .
he studied her for a moment , then continued , ` ` there has never before been a woman on the board of directors of roffe and sons , but - well , for the moment you 're taking your father 's place .
since i ' m taking my father 's place , i think it would be best to make it official . ''
` ` i imagine , '' elizabeth continued , ` ` that you gentlemen must have choked over your morning coffee when you learned that i was taking his place here . ''
` ` as i recall , he was ill . another guide took his place . ''
one day he would take his place as ceo and chairman .
the idea of lexi taking his place filled peter with horror .
standing in his place was an elderly man .
in its place was a personal computer .
all the pieces had finally fallen into place .
in place of suetonius was a court stenographer , to record the event for posterity , and there were dozens of members of the press and visitors attracted by the daily headlines about the murder trial , who queued up outside the courtroom at seven o'clock in the morning to be assured of a seat .
antonio granelli was getting old and the street word was that michael moretti was being groomed to take his father -in - law 's place .
but there may be one of you - maybe - who will be good enough to take my place one day . ''
judge waldman took his place on the bench .
` ` who would we get to take his place ? ''
get rid of him , and they 'll send ten men to take his place .
rosa was heartbroken , because she had loved her father very much , but she took consolation and pride in the fact that her husband was taking her father 's place as head of the family .
old terry waters is just waitin ' to take my place . ''
his place was taken by michael moretti .
and suddenly all the pieces fell into place .
what if one of those artifacts was missing and a copy was put in its place ?
` ` all you have to do is take one of those things out of the case and put a copy in its place . ''
they left his wedding ring in its place . ''
tracy stepped out of the shower ; and another prisoner took her place .
as a customer made room at a table , tracy took her place .
joe romano had been the linchpin in the family organization , and orsatti had not found anyone to take his place .
the g in goya 's name was fading , and in its place was a clearly visible l. delgado turned to him , his face pale .
he was on duty saturday night , but he would call in sick and they would have to find someone to take his place .
` ` i ' m the one who persuaded her to go out with mallory in the first place .
ashley patterson 's arraignment took place in the superior court of the county of santa clara on north first street in san jose .
` ` do you feel that that little girl has taken your place , toni ? ''
i did feel that the little girl was taking my place . ''
who would take my place ? ''
` ` the deal 's in place .
it was as though another person were taking his place , someone calm , and poised , and completely in charge .
soon i 'll be retiring , kate thought , but my son will take my place .
depart from her , thou impure spirit , and give place to the holy spirit , the paraclete . ''
all the pieces were finally falling into place .
you can take his place . ''
there was one more step she had to take , and the last piece fell into place at a dinner party in scottsdale .
all you have to do is lie still in bed for two or three days with hot packs to relax the muscles , and the disc will slip back into place .
i want you to get into his uniform and take his place until he gets back .
as he does these things , we see that the cane that was hanging from the partly open window is gone ... or maybe it was never there in the first place .
they change places .
to put fear aside and let sweet relief rush in to take its place ?
feeling guilty , the sun god granted his son one wish , and the boy immediately chose to take his father 's place for a day , piloting the sun chariot across the sky from dawn to dusk .
i should have come with her in the first place . ''
an acquisitor 's place was to act , not speak .
her secretary took his place .
just like that the votes were falling in place .
when the restless lawyers were in place and things were quiet , he said , with a great old voice that must have dominated many trials , ` ` i suggest we start with the death cases and walk through them all . ''
trying to control ten inner - city kids with a soft touch had put the red knights in last place in the 12 and under division of the winter league .
another figure , joey bernardo , quickly took baxter 's place .
in his place that morning was a senior associate named bronson , who , as he explained without a trace of enthusiasm , was standing in for mr . roland , who was just down the hall working on another aspect of the lawsuit at hand .
` ` and you want me to take his place ? ''
` ` who 'll take bradley 's place ? ''
the printed letterhead and address is the bank ; the handwritten numbers take the place of a name , but insofar as they are written out , they constitute the signature of the account holder .
as this process takes place your skills and talents- will come back to you .
if two men were required for one flank , his two arms took the place of four .
the hand written numbers take the place of a name ... they constitute the signature of the account holder .
and then a man came back for me - a man who could have kept running - but who came back for me and offered to die in my place .
four nights ago a man who could have kept running came back for me and offered to die in my place .
' except that a watchman was killed in her place .
it was not a secretary 's place to be the cause of further delay .
the lawyer 's suite of offices was on the boulevard de la chapelle , the book - lined conference room more a stage setting than an office ; everything was a prop , and in its place .
it 's possible ... only possible , you understand ... that your contract might be honoured by the one you should have chosen in the first place . '
we 're told he recites them with total recall to potential clients , more often than not putting himself in carlos 's place , convincing fools that it was he , not carlos .
he was the judas goat , his death to take the place of another 's .
she held her place for a moment .
the whirring began ; the bookcase slid out , and shortly in its place were three tall filing cabinets .
everything you ' ve heard and read about yourself could be part of a pattern designed by those who want you to take cain 's place !
they were killed by the same people who want to sacrifice you to carlos in place of cain ... you said before that everything fitted .
as one grows old it is easier still ' what fell into place for you ? '
' am i to assume i ' m taking the place of pare monceau ? '
a carlos was trapped , killed today , and another would take his place .
he had very powerful friends , and as the pieces were falling in place the nomination looked realistic .
some of the pieces had fallen into place over dinner .
` ` sure , you know , keep 'em in their place .
it took place in a restroom .
i just play by the ones in place . ''
his killing of the two men whom he 'd sent into the mansion in the first place only confirmed the man 's ill intentions .
said she was taking the place by storm .
conferences took place in a small visitors ' room near the front door , a place barney found too cozy with his unruly client .
judge jones took his place and lectured the spectators against outbursts .
executions in oklahoma take place at mcalester , a maximum security prison a hundred and twenty miles southeast of oklahoma city .
he could never have a civilian team , or even a military team , in place quickly enough .
yet he could not be allowed to succeed - to take his place at the helm of taiwan 's national congress .
` ` but as i have assured you , we have our very best in place .
none of the visitors or regular employees ever thought to wonder what took place on the upper floors ; to wonder why they insisted on a separate cleaning service from that employed by the visa and passport processors and used different exits and entrances .
there were too many operatives waiting to take his place .
there were far too many in place , for one thing .
where 's the man whose place you took ` ` he was told not to come- '' ` ` by whom ? ''
in their places were single and double rooms and a number of mini - suites , all complete with unlisted telephones , fax machines , typewriters , television sets , and desktop computers .
in his mind 's eye he just saw a thing he loved as a child , and he never found anything else to take its place .
` ` i ' m to become him , i ' m taking his place .
i ' m taking his place . ''
would any of you care to take my place in the event we have not found harry latham and must deliver the news ? ''
if a blitzkrieger failed once , he was severely reprimanded ; if he failed twice , he was shot , another in training given his or her place .
he would have a long , leisurely dinner at the au coin de la famille , then stroll to the main fountain in the bois de boulogne , take useless photographs , and return to the avignon warehouses , accepting whatever took place .
the age of aquarius was long gone ; the age of manipulation had taken its place .
until others take their place , we ' ve got some breathing room . ''
in its s place , witkowski had ordered embassy transport to supply security measures : three personnel on eight - hour shifts , and an unmarked vehicle kept available for an unnamed army officer and his lady , at the moment in the rue madeleine .
as political figures fall , our people will take their places , claiming to have the answers , .
` ` no , others will simply take their place .
i had a sister , marie , quite a bit younger than i , and as our father had died , she looked upon me as taking his place , and certainly i adored her .
the conference has been a success , our concordat in place . ''
there , he 's in place . ''
` ` sidney was unavailable , so i ' m taking his place . ''
so hans traupman was wrong , the blitzkrieger did kill harry , only his brother took his place .
could a substitute have beensent in your place ?
however , the munich court records , impounded by the allies on april 23 , 1945 , givea clear , if incom plete , picture of what took place .
by thenour people would have been in place and fullycapable of preventing interpol 's involvement .
thewalk was to take place after lunch when the driverreturned to remove the tray .
` ` ` ` ... very excited ' frantic ` ` communicationsbetween the governments of switzerland , france andthe federal republic , all in coordination with theinternational criminal police , otherwise known asinterpol , and the ... pieces of the tragic ... ratsel ... puzzle fell into place , ' became clear , it means .
alcohol had taken the place of trueaudacity , at the end rendering him a professionalmutant , a part of him still proud of pastaccomplishments , another part sickened by the waste , by the knowledge of wasted lives , wastedstrategies morality thrown into a gargantuanwastebasket of a collective nonconscience .
the middle - aged woman held her place , her eyesnarrowed , concerned .
beyond the new an ivals , walking unsteadily , wasthe illogically logical capstone for the juvenile anticstaking place in front of converse .
` ` the jury 's still in place , joel , ` ` said valerie , hereyes alive , again levered at his .
all totake place in a matter of hours , savagery erupting inthe streets , fueled by hysteria , victims and violatorsblurred until the commanders were summoned torestore order , not to leave until the controls weretheirs .
when everything begins , when our commandsare in place , the colonel will do as instructed .
a younger man or someone who thinks likethey do , but with no party affiliations in his past , will take your place .
there should n't be any problems , but i ' m putting one absolute in place now .
once in place , they would spy , spread defeatist propaganda , and conduct sabotage , hastening the day of the theoretical soviet triumph .
everything contracted for is in place . ''
they took place in the bomb- and fireproof public lobby , which was , in effect , a bunker .
did jason suspect that karim al - jamil had taken lindros 's place ?
` ` i was the agent in place .
` ` the conspiracy is in place .
with him still in place , nothing inside ci is secure , including the investigation into dujja 's plan .
all at once , everything fell into place .
` ` all the safeguards are in place ? ''
` ` i also know that his brother , karim , has taken martin lindros 's place . ''
yet fadi was dead , and bourne sat inside the jet in his place .
if you put him away , they 'll just find another fool to take his place . '
they took the place of military ribbons'medals of valor'commemorating actions necessary , as noah had said to him time and again , to the welfare and security of the homeland .
they could come from a sight , a sound , a smell , even the touch of something , that once the memory was triggered he could tease it out by repeating the stimulus that had provoked it in the first place .
bourne , pushing himself to action , smashed one man in the face , putting him down , but another took his place .
finding a physician 's surgery , arkadin broke in and took what he needed : sutures , iodine , sterile cotton , bandages , and antibiotics to take the place of the ones he had n't been able to pick up at the hospital .
` ` delia , how about taking my place ? ''
bourne grabbed the killer by the lapels , as he should have done in the first place .
the organization was like a hydra : lop off one head and two took its place .
when johann was killed , it was noah who took his place .
if i ' m right , you 're going to take kirsch 's place .
` ` jens is my condition for you taking kirsch 's place .
` ` you 're here meeting with egon kirsch , so you can take his place when leonid arkadin comes looking for him . ''
' as the ambassador might say , ` ` all the pieces are in place '' .
everyone in his place , marching to a drumbeat .
' once the patrols were in place - again according to the logs you called twice more complaining that your guards were n't doing their job .
every pawn was in place !
the only way i 'll get it is for you to bring me this all too credible impostor who takes your place !
he took my place at that meeting .
the guards , however , were still in place . '
our eight o'clock deadline has been rescinded , the chase now takes its place .
all the factors were in place for a spectacular assassination .
he takes his place and pulls out sheng where he can implement the solution , the extreme solution ... hell , he kills him . '
it could be the beginning of the end , for we have no immediate countermeasures to put in place .
if he walks away , we have several experienced field agents who can take his place .
a few minutes ago several words fell into place for me and i realized i ' m t6 be at the beijing hotel in about half an hour from now for a meeting .
it will not take place tomorrow morning but instead in the evening .
the son of a kuomintang warlord taking the place of a feeble- minded peasant who would have served us in the kitchens . '
if what he believed was true , the guard at the gate would be changed , a conspirator put in his place .
perhaps they took the place of a warranty , two with each vehicle .
he was cutting his losses in place of cutting up another woman - a sight the sons of mothers could barely accept , regardless of any earthly cause .
how many other different men are out there who 'd be only too happy to take my place , as i took yours ?
how many other ' different ' men are out there who 'd be only too happy to take my place , as i took yours ?
i have to be in place .
then we start again as quickly as possible , putting someone else in place .
crowds were the best that he and mcallister could hope for ; in the confusion they could become part of the curious onlookers as two other men in the white coveralls of paramedics took their places by rushing to the aircraft , their bodies bent beneath the rotors , for the return trip to hong kong .
the head nurse will check the seals and sign the receipts , after which you will also follow me into another room where the two men who will take your places are waiting .
then you have taken the frenchman 's place ?
` whose place is that ? '
` ` there may be a scenario in place that i ca n't match , '' said alex quietly .
i 'll drive out with the car and take your place . ''
was the jackal training someone else to take his place ?
i killed the man whose place i assumed .
` ` in moments another will take his place , run down the steps and get into the van , either in the front seat or through the rear doors -- i hope the latter , but it wo n't make much difference . ''
i took jacqui 's place -- '' ` ` just like that ? ''
in the beginning i was told jacqueline had died in a boating accident with her lover of the month and that i would be enormously well paid to carry on in her place .
it all took place the way he saw it , but not in any way he could have imagined .
we have good people in place .
if not , who took his place ?
` ` and someone took his place .
you 're taking his place on the flight .
and he duplicated those experiments with me , in case i had to take treloar 's place .
he put himself first , taking my place !
when the rum wears off , the fear will take its place ; they will hide .
strangely enough , as one community , or two or three , disintegrated , there were always others that sprang up to take their places ... and often their small villages .
someone will have to be brought up to take his place ... ' daniel walked to the table , reached down for a pencil , and wrote a note on a small pad .
the small dark corporal who i thought was from louisiana was there in her place .
see if his wife says he took it with him in the first place . ''
once we agree , if we agree , the rest will fall in place .
he decided to be blunt and put victor in his place .
as he said that , the past week came rushing back , and something happened that he had been fighting : randi disappeared , and sophia took her place .
he wore a pair of rumpled khaki trousers , boots and a soiled cotton safari jacket that took the place of a shirt .
by then i 'll have found someone better qualified to take my place . '
by then the network 's in place , and the fox has got one hell of a lot of chickens .
they disappear from the embassy , and others , always others , take their places ! '
therefore we must prepare for the inevitable and have our man in place . '
then the other things fell in place and you were there . '
he got rid of one party sleaze - ball and did n't want another taking his place . '
because even if we expose them and stop them , there are hundreds more who will take their places ... a force is needed , a voice is needed . '
say we stop them ; there are hundreds more waiting to take their places .
' i have another to take his place .
besides , if this operation is too risky for me , how can you in good conscience ask another person to take my place ? ''
the sniper believed that he was guilty ; would he have done anything different in her place ?
he was not the clerk ; presumably , he was whomever the clerk 's controller had arranged to send in his place .
you kill him , and you take his place , because you ' ve somehow made yourself look identical to him , almost .
she would have done so in their place .
` ` you sent a double in your place ? ''
then he thought about sex , and myers taking his place , and he threw the empty glass across the room where it hit a wall and shattered .
clay did not tell her she 'd lost her place ; he preferred to do that in person , when and if she returned .
it took place on the sidewalk in front of the times office , on the downtown square , in front of a large and stunned crowd .
and with that , the last piece of hideo 's plan had fallen suddenly into place .
then , in a flood of understanding , the facts and images fell into place , pulled from memory .
the driver gripped the steering wheel ; it was a gesture that took the place of cursing out loud .
in its place a sight that burned itself into the soldier 's mind .
all the training you get , all , the words you hear , all the experiences you go through , never take the place of the first rule . ''
short , cryptic sentences took the place of freer , rambling conversations wherein a great deal more could be revealed and learned .
it was as though he were a spectator , watching the images of someone else on a white wall , the inevitable conclusion drawing near , but not drawing him into the events as they took place .
these funds are to take the place of any profits you might realize from the sale of books or articles based on your activities in consular operations . ''
gone was her soft , gentle bewilderment , in its place the calm , determined face of an experienced killer .
too many private conversations take place on my telephone .
` ` they 'd hang marx in effigy to change places with you .
the priest held his place , cradling verachten .
nothing takes the place of preparation , does it ? ''
in the international financial community they take the place of armies .
and ultimately , weeks later , the reversal began to take place .
the eyes of his love were filled with anger , and there was nothing on earth that took its place !
all that remained was to put something in its place .
` ` you will , of course , for you will accurately report events as they take place .. .
a narrow , venerated eighteenth - century city dwelling of brownstone , six stories high and lovingly renovated , in carlisle place .
coleman started with the papers , a hodgepodge of bills , magazines , memos reminding the writer of various engagements initials taking the place of names - and numerous personal letters , many sent from the continent .
` ` neither will take place if fowler delays .
` ` too much of a hurry , '' brandon interrupted , ` ` which means that somebody was in place to assume the authority . ''
everything 's in place , shall i proceed ? ''
a note in french saying you 're ill and you ' ve sent your cousin mansour to take your place for a few days .
and in large part , it 'll be because we ' ve figured out how to use dna molecules in place of microchips . ''
` ` with the help of our british friends , we ' ve got similar backups in place at nsa , '' powell - hill added .
we must take our place militarily , economically , and politically .
well , puts my little query in its place , does n't it .
` ` as you would have done , if in my place .
` ` are sam and meagan in place ? ''
and second , there are automatic procedures in place to detect short selling .
` ` where were you when your funeral took place ? ''
` ` he took patrick 's place with trudy not long after the funeral . ''
` ` some would say patrick took his place , '' sweeney said , with his first smile .
while you were running joyously through the woods someone else was dying in your place .
clovis took his place .
he had promised his mother some new grandchildren , a fresh batch of them to take the place of ashley nicole , a child she still dreamed of seeing again .
` ` anyway , i asked him if he could fax me a copy of any written correspondence between brodnax and speer and you , rudy baylor , regarding the merger and your role after it took place . ''
i wonder who 'll take her place at cypress gardens .
i ' m recollecting documents and fragments of depositions as jackson tells me this , and , suddenly , the pieces are falling into place .
it 's for an operation that will never take place .
he drove a 1969 volkswagen beetle , and a photo of it was flashed on the wall , taking the place of his face .
ginger suddenly had to visit the ladies ' room , and she scurried from the courtroom as dr . fricke entered from a side door and resumed his place on the witness stand .
` ` we would like to keep you in place , for now anyway . ''
everyone else is to remain in place . ''
in their place , fitch was sending in the professionals , the same bethesda firm he was using for the hoppy sting .
i suggest you select a new foreman to take the place of mr . grimes , who i ' m told is doing much better .
the lawyers scurried to get in place .
' you can take my place , if you want to . '
it ca n't take place !
elizabeth scarlatti held her place .
the fear was leaving him now , and in its place canfield saw that a quiet fury was taking hold of the boy .
in which case , preparations would not be fully in place .
` ` i ' ve got two agents in place , all right ?
` ` which is why bartlett gave me the assignment in the first place , '' anna said , her voice growing steadily louder , a realization dawning .
the choir took its place behind the pulpit .
but there was no suspect to take her place on the list .
he yanked the sofa away from the bookshelves and began throwing the stacks of bills back into the cabinet where he 'd found the wretched loot in the first place .
the gru man could not have moved in only after metcalfe had taken his place !
the fleeting moment of vulnerability had passed , in its place an amused composure .
if another shift had taken their place , he heard no sign of it .
he could smell the nivea skin cream that the petty bureaucrat obviously used in place of shaving soap , his obel pipe tobacco , the rosemary hair tonic he used in a sad and failing attempt to prevent baldness , though it was far too late for that .
in time , he will die ` ` ` ` and another stalin will take his place . ''
` ` another leader will take his place .
pieces clicked into place .
along with the fact that you have plenty of enemies who 'd like to take your place .
the pieces clicked into place and she realized the worst .
then she left the water running and stepped out and took a towel and changed places with chester .
the transition business itself took place in upstairs offices with pairs of agents outside every door .
she took neagley 's place at the keyboard and thought for a long moment .
it might have been worthwhile putting some cops in place to see who 's using the pay phones .
in which case i would have provoked some kind of a call - back later , for after we got some cops in place .
` ` ours will be in place an hour before that , '' froelich replied .
the guy had been small , built like a bird , and reacher tended to assume that people opposite him on the physical spectrum were also opposite him on the personality spectrum , so that in place of his own placid nature he imagined the guy was all strung out and nervous , which might have meant that back there in the parking lot the guy 's heart was going as fast as 180 beats a minute , which meant those t - waves were coming around fast and furious , three times a second , which meant that the odds of hitting one of those crucial fifteen - millisecond windows ahead of a peak were about forty - five in a thousand , or a little better than one in twenty .
we 'll send our three boys home to bed , and i 'll send my son out in their place .
he sits down and opens the herald to page 5 , where he reads about milly kuby 's nearly winning third place at the big statewide spelling bee , but for the substitution of an i for an a in opopanax , the kind of thing that is supposed to be in a local paper .
in his place is carl bierstone , who reaped the young in chicago with such savage efficiency .
for every car they finally manage to send away , two more show up in its place .
another set of footsteps , another unmistakable sliding into place of a metal bolt .
then another hand comes in its place , higher up .
he walked into a green barrel with put litter in its place stenciled on its side and fell down in an overturned jumble of sandwich bags , beer cans , cigarette butts , and empty soda bottles .
they had come to granther 's place for the winter , but they were still running .
it had not been noticed until the last moment that no one had been scheduled to take mr . buckley 's place on the roster .
` ` no , '' i said , feeling ridiculously awkward with robin in my place .
phillip half - listened , mumbled ` ` sure , dad , '' and lugged his paraphernalia into my place .
jane 's place became mine , however temporarily , that afternoon .
by the time the young - bloods were in place , i should be more and more wrapped up in wedding plans , and it really would be a help to have them actually on the spot .
` ` and that was the couple at regina 's wedding , the people who acted in the place of craig 's parents ? ''
she must have told him she 'd tell his bishop , or whoever stands in place of a bishop in the lutheran church . ''
elise waits , rubbing my back in slow , soothing circles , and eventually - long minutes later - my sobs fade away , leaving nothing but exhaustion and the familiar dull throb of a headache in their place .
they all deferred your place until next year , if you want it .
but they were in place , and the language of the law was simple : ` ` no unnecessary suffering . ''
` ` it means there 's a cause and effect in place , or a law of compensation . ''
in its place , the region had become home to a couple of nuclear weapons test facilities - but what did anything like that have to do with abram bukolov ?
if it is released without safeguards in place , luca runs the risk of spreading globally , wiping out ecosystem after ecosystem .
` ` i ' m happy for you to take my place . ''
tucker remembered the subterfuge back in africa , when kharzin had sent in a body double to take his place .
rocks in place of grass .
` ` so let someone else take your place . ''
` ` so why 'd you come to abandon in the first place ? ''
in place of the panel , a flap of bubble wrap descended .
in its place was something else .
maddie was withering and someone else was growing in her place , her words alarming yet familiar .
she did put me here , made me take her place .
almost all traces of briggs had been removed from the room , which now boasted an actual bed in place of the fold - out couch .
suddenly , everything fell into place .
in his place , still a young man but one who had the cares of the world on his shoulders .
he gave me a look of scorn and distaste as i stood in my assassin 's robes - slightly tatty by now but still a sight to see - and my blade clicked back into place beneath my fist while the blood of his guards leaked through the sleeve .
then he looked at me and the mischievous look in his eyes had departed , in its place a blank stare .
at some point a decoy had taken torres 's place .
in its place we raised the red ensign .
that intense rush of guilt was gone as quickly as it had arrived and in its place an empty feeling , a hollow place where emotions should be .
nothing fell into place .
and as i threw him over my shoulder - a tiny slip of a thing , he was - and carried him down the hill , careful to avoid the last pockets of rebels fleeing the genoese attack , i wondered why i had n't simply knocked him out in the first place .
in moments we had pulled the bodies into some stables , shut and bolted the door , and we then stood in the square , six redcoats who had taken the place of nine .
for every one we killed there were two to take his place .
` ` listen up and listen close : if i do not see his head rolling in the dust at my feet within the hour , yours will take its place ! ''
and so , in its place , they seek to create their own explanation .
shihab will take his place . '
' let your man take his place and his life will be spared , the peace treaty honoured , ' called the envoy .
he straightened a little , remembering his place at last .
his blade slid back into place , and he pushed the body behind a stack of stinking barrels , then turned and left the alley .
perhaps you might prepare another to take his place - simply as a precaution .
in its place you embrace emotion .
in place of religious fervour he had a taste for wine and enjoyed the company of prostitutes .
' altair put malik in charge in his place .
' altair who exercises his temper in place of reason ?
the pungent smell of burned meat filled ezio 's nostrils as he leapt to take the gunner 's place .
the madam we have in place is lazy and seems rather to enjoy parties for their own sake than to further our cause by gathering information . ''
fifty - six everyone was in place .
before it and in place of a garden was a large practice - field , where ezio could see a couple of dozen young armed men engaged in various exercises to improve their fighting technique .
my place is with you .
ezio , it 's a design for another blade - one that will fit into the mechanism you attach to your arm if you need to use this one in place of the first . '
' with our men in place of their archers , they wo n't suspect a thing . '
she 'd parked it half a block up , surprised to get the space this late on a weekday night , but now there was a blue jeep in its place .
` ` i think you got in that car twenty - five years ago , dave , and someone else came back in your place .
a current of electricity streamed into its place , and my teeth felt like they were gritted into tin foil .
seven years back , that bitch took my boy away from me , tried to teach him all about jesus and how to behave for the white man , like he had a chance in the first place .
the warehouse was gone now , a supermarket and dry cleaner 's in its place .
` ` the long black veil '' took ` ` midnight rambler 's '' place .
just over the trunk of the car i noticed a piece of the fence push forward in the darkness and a gaping space open in its place .
in the place of a neighborhood , city planners erected a cement complex of squat sprawling erector - set municipal buildings , no function and all form , and the form hideous too , and tall cinder - block apartment complexes that look like nothing so much as an arid , characterless hell .
mr . cushing took his place behind the wheel and handed three envelopes to the weeble , who took one and handed two back to us .
it was a representation of some eastern god or mythological figure , a woman wearing a crown on her head , but her face marred by the trunk of an elephant in place of a nose .
helene knew it looked bad enough she left her kid alone in the first place .
in place of missing child in the pop - up box , they 'd inserted the live feed , and a smaller gert broderick fondled her microphone and looked into the camera with a blank , vaguely confused look on her blank , vaguely confused face as helene continued to go ballistic on the porch and beatrice joined lionel and tried to hold her in place .
in his twenty - eight years on the planet , tony had cracked so many safes that anytime an all - night burn job left a gutted shell in place of a bank vault , cops drove over to tony 's southie apartment even before they stopped at dunkin ' donuts , and judges cut search - and - seizure warrants in the time it takes most of us to write a check .
summer died and autumn encroached outside my window , and all i could do was lie there and listen to the sounds of seasons trading places in the voices of people ten stories below .
in place of a dozen comebacks , a shiver of exhaustion rippled through me .
what i had in place of doubt , though , was this rage - murky and illogical and growing deeper every day of the last twelve years .
` ` so why take the job in the first place ? ''
and the next generation of fakers takes our place .
it would break my heart someday to drive past it and see a mcdonald 's or an outback in its place .
they 'd had to pour him onto the train in the first place .
had eyes luther 'd seen before in the white poor -- spent his whole life eating rage in place of food .
he 'd switched places with whiteman by this point , was playing fi rst .
in addition , three nights a week , you were required to sleep at the station house , in the fetid beds on the top floor , which were lice- or bug - ridden and had just been slept in by the poor slob who would take your place on the next patrol .
be a frightful thing if some other man stole up here and took your place . ''
in place of a plant , she had an old kerosene lamp and she lit it before closing the door .
she 'd been a girl when they we d , and he 'd treated her as a girl only to wake one morning , who knew how many years ago , wishing for a woman to take her place .
and now that the coloreds had been put back in their place in d. c. and chicago , and the anarchists seemed to have gone quiet , and the country might have been able to take just one easy breath , the agitators and agitation sprang up from the least likely of quarters : the police .
within the month , they 'd be gone , and the restored boston police department would rise in their place .
but he also stole because it was fun and he was good at it and it led to other things he was good at like bootlegging and rum - running , which is why he knew his way around boats in the first place .
thomas had stood four feet away , service revolver drawn and steady in his hand , finger on the trigger , so ready to pull it - and you had to be , or else why draw the gun in the first place ? -that when he saw an acceptance of his fate pass through maurice dobson 's pebble - gray eyes , an acceptance that he was going to jail , that this was over now , thomas felt unfairly denied .
spaniards think the cubans are uppity coons who forgot their place since the us of a freed them back in ' 98 .
elizabeth , my love , you must supply my place to my younger children .
the astonishment which i had at first experienced on this discovery soon gave place to delight and rapture .
but even if i were condemned to suffer on the scaffold for the same crimes , i would not change places with such a wretch . ''
` ` the days now passed as peaceably as before , with the sole alteration that joy had taken place of sadness in the countenances of my friends .
the feelings of kindness and gentleness which i had entertained but a few moments before gave place to hellish rage and gnashing of teeth .
but these gave place to a heavy swell : i felt sick , and hardly able to hold the rudder , when suddenly i saw a line of high land towards the south .
but her temper was fluctuating ; joy for a few instants shone in her eyes , but it continually gave place to distraction and reverie .
if only she could trace , she could escape so easily - but then she never would have been taken by him in the first place .
all the training her aunts had forced on her seemed to have rushed to the forefront , finally clicking into place , and she 'd felt like a different person .
any control he 'd had was disappearing , an animal feeling of possession taking its place .
it would be unfair to ask one of them to give up their place . ''
surely sam would n't care if she was rude if she did n't still care for him , he told himself as he opened his mouth and allowed his fangs to slide into place .
if she chose her sisters , while she might not recall what she had given up , he would , and it might be centuries before he found another to take her place , if ever .
` ` well , maybe nicholas and i could take their place and help after we get this all sorted out , '' jo suggested .
the woman exclaimed , stopping just short of running the vacuum over eshe 's bare feet when they appeared in place of the door .
when nicholas had gone on the run fifty years ago , thomas had taken his place , meeting him in diners two towns over to pass him the latest photos of jeanne louise and himself and tell armand how things were going .
then , the minute he was away from here , he 'd start calling around to find someone else to take his place , or better yet , find someone to take the original chef 's place permanently .
then , the minute he was away from here , he 'd start calling around to find someone else to take his place , or better yet , find someone to take the original chef 's place permanently .
she 'd taken his place tonight at the head chef 's station and manned it like a pro .
she then smiled wryly , and added , ` ` i 'll see if i can find someone to take your place tomorrow night . ''
` ` i am surprised you simply did not have one of them step in and take peter 's place tonight then . ''
lucian called everyone to set them on the task and lucern called back to say he 'd gotten - you wo n't believe this - chef emile agreed to take alex 's place . ''
` ` my cousin arranged for emile to fly in and take your place tonight . ''
your cousin arranged for who to take my place ? ''
the gun she now noted in his hand jerked to gesture her away from the door as he walked , and she quicklyshifted to the side , moving around him and trading places as he closed the door .
` ` we have n't discussed the turn and what takes place , '' the woman admitted on a sigh , though drina supposed she need n't have bothered .
leaving him to it , she shrugged out of teddy 's coat , slung it over the suitcases so they would n't forget it , and pulled on the bomber in its place .
especially since that 's what i came down for in the first place . ''
his anger appeared to be gone now , concern and caring in its place .
i ' m not even sure what exactly took place .
they 'd put new memories in their place . ''
leigh snorted with disbelief , all sign of tears gone and irritation in their place again .
first there had been the police and all their questions to deal with and then they 'd had to fill in their boss , hank latham , on what had taken place .
i think that 's why he took the fireplace apart in the first place , so he had an excuse to hang around , ogle her , and chat her up .
and she could n't complain about any of the above since he 'd wanted her to stay at the hotel in the first place .
her br**sts were suddenly bare and then his hand was there in place of the cloth , closing warm and firm around one .
he 'd fumed then , too , and waited for a chance to put reichen firmly in his place .
starting tomorrow evening , i 'll be joining the patrols in place of the warrior that was injured .
frank had just been at the right , or wrong , place at the right time to take her place .
a thin blond girl got up to take his place , looking terrified .
danvers , just calling you to see if you ' ve reached a decision ... . ms . danvers , i urgently need to hear from you by the end of the weekend if we 're to hold your place for the next term ... . ms . danvers , i ' m concerned that you have n't returned our calls ... ... . she started to dial the phone .
andhad n't anybody else ever worn a flowered top inthis place ?
for an instant , kisten gazed hotly at me , then his features melted and pierce again took his place .
others take their place .
i 'd gone to him for help , but now ... ` ` i ca n't say how pleased i am that you 're accepting your place , '' he said as he filled a kettle from a pitcher and set it over the fire .
it was gone , a coffeehouse catering to demons and familiars alike in its place .
this was left in its place . ''
and they were undertaking the skittering because they were beetles - large , shiny red beetles with black spots and multifaceted crystal eyes , boasting nasty - looking syringes that poked upward in place of antennae .
the few already in place wo n't be enough , i fear . ''
and then everything - the research , the hospital rooms , the crazy vampire with a vendetta against kanin - clicked into place .
in his place stood a dark stranger with cold , ruthless eyes , his expression frozen into a f linty mask .
` ` if i fall , you must lead them in my place . ''
in a single day , he 'd lost a best friend and a father and was now expected to lead in jeb 's place .
as my hunger subsided , sleep took its place , dragging at my mind , weighing me down .
the rage flickered and died , and cold numbness spread out to take its place .
` ` oh , '' i muttered as the last of the anger flickered and died and the sharp edge of regret sliced in to take its place .
` ` well , '' he muttered , and all his arrogance disappeared , leaving cold rage in its place .
` ` then let me take her place . ''
i almost reached out and slammed the lid shut , but i forced myself not to move , to listen to zeke 's agony , until the scream finally died away and the sound of tortured breathing took its place .
on the huge stove , in place of mrs scorbic 's usual array of scoured - clean pots , was a large , blackened cauldron .
what was in its place , at the center of six converging sidewalks , was the big concrete rim of what had been the pool , and in the center , a bronze statue of mr . bishop , holding a book in his hand .
he waved his arm , and the portal shimmered back into existence - but in place of the tunnel that had led to the glass house , there was one leading into darkness .
only with both in place can a message transfer from point a to point b .
the chairs had been ripped out of the theater long ago , but deck chairs had been set up in their place .
i wondered what mr . crepsley would think when he woke and found his spider missing and a note in its place .
` ` i knew that when i woke up to find my spider gone and your note in her place .
then he opened his mouth a little wider and his fangs snapped down into place right before my eyes - my heart sped up a lot .
her fangs slid instantly into place and i gasped and backed up a step .
i smirked at that , but then his lips lowered to mine and i remembered what i 'd come in here for in the first place .
i sighed softly , not really having an argument for that , since it was sort of my argument in the first place .
i groaned a little bit at the pleasing sensation and my teeth instantly snapped back down into place .
it was horrid and i could see a couple places where someone had sewn me up with a stitch or too , the stitches themselves pulled out , but the skin puckered back into place .
he raised an eyebrow and i blushed , remembering how i 'd found out about his little secret in the first place .
they dropped into place and this time , her eyes widened .
shaking my head as i stepped into the room with julian , who had taken nika 's place as noise maker , i looked around .
teren tentatively let go , his hand ready to slap back into place if she made the wrong move .
teren immediately took my place , leaning in to give her a big hug and a kiss and then julian .
` ` by all means , let the child take my place . ''
you would have a necessary alliance in place , after all . ''
jack would undoubtedly still be at the warehouse , but salliane , the vamp who 'd taken my place as a guardian liaison and jack 's main assistant , was on duty .
though the only way he could have forced his way through the door in the first place was if dunleavy had previously invited him in .
no sign of any window being forced - though really , there was no need to when all anyone had to do was push back the cardboard that took the place of two panes but no one had - maybe because of old eagle eyes in the first town house .
she fished through the black canvas bag she was carrying in place of a backpack and came up with a small compact and a tube of lipstick .
in the place of a man a monster grew , deadly , dangerous , grew and thrived on the pain , became a will impossible to crush .
savage hatred for this man who had created a dark , dangerous being in the place of a gentle carpathian rose and began to spread like a dark stain across his soul .
without a word he took eric 's place , supplying life - giving fluid to jacques .
the anger was gone , but apprehension at the future had taken its place .
in his place , he would do the same .
easygoing barack seemed lost in the ferocious beast that had taken his place .
darius would not leave his family unprotected until he was certain julian could take his place .
i will leave , barack , and when you come home there will be emptiness in my place . ''
as much as we want to believe someone else could take your place , mikhail , you , as well as our enemies , know it is not true .
lucian , gabriel or darius can easily take my place as your second , but there is no other male to fulfill your position .
` ` the safeguards are in place .
unless savannah could take his place , our enemies have won and our species will be extinct . ''
i call thee water in frozen form , hold your place though cracked and worn .
the moment one formed and slithered off , another took its place until a good portion of the floor was taken up by hissing snakes .
vikirnoff shredded the barricade she 'd erected around him , a simple , easy feat as she 'd used what he 'd wrought in the first place .
you have served your purpose and have given me a son and two females to take your place .
we do not know the full extent of the army they have in place against us .
` ` the safeguards are in place and my duty to gabrielle has been done .
he had no idea how many clones he had destroyed , but as fast as they went through them , maxim created others to take their places .
mikhail took manolito 's place , and the sight of him whipped the vampires into a killing frenzy .
a new prince had taken vladimer 's place and still nicolae fought on .
the demands of his body and soul had to take second place to her fears , groundless though they might be .
terror took the place of dark sensuality .
in its place was a need so strong and urgent that he fastened his mouth fiercely to hers .
in his place was a trailing vapor of mist , streaking away from her toward deeper woods .
cut off one head , and another grows in its place .
the chant went on for some time , but alexandria continued to share his mind , firmly refusing to relinquish her rightful place .
jaxon had disappeared , and in her place was a siren , a temptress testing her ability to steal his self - control .
drake had killed her father to take his place in her life .
he bent his head and kissed her forehead gently , holding her close for one more heartbeat before reluctantly allowing her to slip away , to take the place of the clone in the chair by the bed .
things are falling in place , honey .
he suffered many wounds , terrible wounds , and often he took my place when i would have been injured .
he liked women , in their place , but he had always bought the right to their bodies and kept it strictly business .
a kind of drowsy contentment took the place of her leaping pulse .
it was against her principles to allow anyone else to fight her battles and perhaps be injured or killed in her place .
gregori no longer existed ; the raging animal in his place was draining savannah of her life 's blood , using her body without the care of a tender lifemate .
warm water took their place , rinsing away the shampoo .
in his place were droplets of mist .
corinne and lisa will also work out their places with time .
` ` we must find a way to switch places .
my taking your place makes sense if it is indeed possible . ''
all the more reason for me to take your place . ''
i would not expect another , no matter how generous the offer , to take my place .
had you known about me , would you have allowed another to take your place ? ''
he said he would go in my place .
dominic took his place , noting that rather than rushing to the young woman 's side , solange went to the windows , moving like a silent shadow through the room , checking the outside .
manolito felt one of the pieces snap together as a bit of his memory fell into place .
our plan is in place .
it leapt to take her place , to fit into her body , stretching and molding muscle and bone to suit its steely frame .
it was n't enough , she wanted to bring him to his knees , this creature of dark power , a master of seduction who had left his brand deep inside her so that no other could ever possibly take his place .
he was about to be publicly put in his place .
you were always greater than prince vlad , and now his sniveling son , mikhail , has taken his place .
he had his father 's memories of her , the soft - spoken woman xavier had fed off of until his children were old enough to take her place .
as the man crawled into the snow , razvan took his place , donning the illusion of the farmer 's body and clothes .
the alphas were finished feeding from ivory now and the second pair took their place as the smallest ones fed on razvan .
using the sacred boline in place of xavier 's bloodstained ceremonial knife , she cut the palm of her hand and allowed her blood to drip over the two babies , just as xavier had shed his blood over the incubator of microbes .
there was nothing in her world but razvan , his hard body , his male scent of sin and sex filling the air around her , burning in her lungs in place of air .
what is in his place is truly evil and bears no resemblance to the man i love , but i thank you for the thought . ''
i will never take the place of your parents , but i certainly want to be a part of your life , if you will have me .
` ` i was trying to take antonietta 's place .
` ` the conversion is taking place . ''
in place of guards , he 'd opted for more amusing , more serviceable , companions .
barefoot , chase hefted the big human onto the bed in his place , clamping the heart rate monitor onto the nurse 's finger before the machine had a chance to bleat in alarm .
standing in its place was the enemy of his master .
i agree that the breed should seize its place as the dominant race on this planet .
which made it even more powerful as tess returned her child to lucan 's arms and took her place once more beside dante .
everywhere people were talking about the atrocities taking place in europe .
more human deaths taking place even now .
he would gladly trade his life for hers right now , if he could turn back the clock and take the deadly crimson in her place .
in his place was a thirty - one - year - old man with a scarred and careworn face .
now that bruno and corinna have disappeared , he has n't found anyone to take their places .
that was both reasonable and true , and as he backed out , i took his place .
thanks for standing in place of the answering machine . ''
heidi took his place while victor and his party moved farther into the club .
it was incentive for him to agree to let me take his place at the kalamack interview .
` ` mind your place , woman , '' he said .
nick pulled the coffee carafe out from under the stream of coffee and slipped a mug in its place .
she would take my place for the day , pretending to be me while they drove around the countryside .
i handed it to her , sliding off as her leg took my place .
` ` the pieces did n't fall into place until you told me about your son . ''
as he spoke , the minion police officer came back into the ballroom and took tavia 's place at his side , gently removing her as he informed dragos that his car was waiting out back as requested .
last night , dixon had suggested combat boots in place of carrow 's own - her two - thousand - dollar , gathered - leather , over - the - knee boots .
in their place , she had a thin band of shining silk that encircled her hips , then dipped between the curves of her shapely backside .
she dabbed at the puncture wounds , and her regret vanished , resentment and doubt taking its place .
something to take the place of bastard , slave , murderer .
after another hour of hearing him thrash about on the floor , she offered to switch places with him .
when i 'd let the newtons know that i would n't be working here this summer - abandoning them in their busiest season , in effect - they 'd started training katie marshall to take my place .
` ` taha aki watched with despair as utlapa took his place as chief of the quileutes .
taha aki 's sons guarded the tribe until their sons were old enough to take their places .
as i was about to head down for breakfast , i noticed my battered copy of wuthering heights lying open on the floor where edward had dropped it in the night , holding his place the way the damaged binding always held mine .
alice came to take his place beside me .
the haggard , gaunt look was gone , but only a careful blankness took its place .
` ` kellan archer dies a much - mourned hero , and in his place rises bowman , leader of the rebel resistance .
no , he 'd conveniently called rank and sent candice in his place .
as she 'd suspected the ragged tear in her skin was closed and fresh , pink skin had taken its place .
looking very uncomfortable , the put - upon coachman resumed his place .
she said you would take agatha 's place , since there was no one better . ''
not that you 'd take her place , but that she might not make it through .
` ` you will accompany mr . kalamack in my place , '' he said , his voice haggard .
` ` you will accompany mr . kalamack in my place , '' he repeated , his face falling back into despair .
the memory of the ship dissolved to nothing , and the broken landscape of the demon city took its place .
a new shooter took my place , and the noise returned .
a cool warmth took the place of his lips when he pulled away , yet he held himself poised for a moment , then another .
she looked at ivy , the pieces falling into place .
skimmer glanced at her watch - i could n't help but notice it had diamonds on it in place of numbers .
huge , racking sobs took their place as i managed to stop .
` ` offering to take her place ? ''
he felt he needed to take your father 's place , seeing as he believes it was his fault your father was n't there to help you himself . ''
the last face took her a moment , and then recognition clicked into place .
` ` but you 're saying ... she did n't come up with it in the first place ? ''
alex gave his to a greedy banshee , who was collecting free souls to gain power in the hope of taking the queen of the afterlife 's place .
` ` delmonte , the man who gave me this paper , says dyvinius wo n't let your dad out because he 's scared he 'd try to take dyvinius ' place as the leader of the city of crystal . ''
alex is gone , and there 's a large pool of blood in his place .
` ` you 're forgetting your place with me , '' he tells me , and i feel something inside my skull explode .
once that was done , claire took shane 's place at the stove , stirring the lumpy stuff that was supposed to be gravy .
he smiled at her , and it was the smile that had won her over in the first place - sweet , gentle , inviting her to share in some delightful secret .
sam quickly took over , sliding into his place .
karen is challenging you for your place .
a cry of outrage slipped from me when a tiny bare ass took the place of the pale face and shook at me from the wad of leaves .
i could n't help but wonder if she was the reason most of the slobbering sacks of hormones had joined the diving club in the first place .
as challenger , it was my place to assume the field first .
let 's add falsifying legal documents to the list , i thought , but i took the kentucky plate and screwdriver , giving her two amulets in their place .
glancing at me for permission , ivy took my coffee cup off its saucer and put the ice cream in its place .
` ` i 'd suggest jamming a stick of dynamite up his ass and running away , but that might really hurt whoever is taking his place . ''
jenks took my place , his face ugly as he bent his arm and pressed a knife to brett 's throat .
jax could never take his place .
after peter switches places with me , i can leave under a regular disguise charm , cross the bridge , get the truck .
i could see nick , peter 's doppelganger disguise gone and the legal one in place .
jenks had taught jax all he could in the last few days with the idea that the pixy would take his place .
it felt too damn good , and i trusted him to not break my skin , substituting sex in place of his need for blood .
jhan was assuming more responsibility to take his dad 's place in the next few years .
quen and i had exchanged places .
when he touched the bullet , moved it , i screamed again then the bullet was gone , the fire was gone , and in its place normal , peaceful pain i reached to that magical place inside and called to the wolf .
the directorate , and many other government departments , are beginning to install cell scanners and now have regular blood tests in place . ''
the bastard obviously had bricks in place of stomach muscles i danced away from another blow , then lashed out at the vampire 's jaw .
` ` you can choose someone to suffer punishment in founder 's square in your place , '' amelie said .
you can show your gratitude by remembering your place , which is definitely not at my side , '' oliver said .
` ` unless you 're planning to take my place . ''
the fib had been created to take the place of both local and federal authorities after the turn .
a chain of black gold hung about her neck in place of her usual crucifix - which was now tucked in her jewelry box at home .
the blue plastic disappeared in a smear of ever - after , and the demon dipped the gold spoon that had taken its place into the container .
as soon as one left , another took his place , and then there was a fight when the original troll wanted his home back .
i could almost see his thoughts fall in place : trent was innocent and i was working for him to find the real murderer and clear his name of suspicion .
he asked me to take kisten 's place , that he had been waiting for me to understand what it meant before he offered it to me .
my face went slack as i remembered our missing ketchup and the pieces fell into place .
just as quickly as one wave appeared , another took its place , leaving a splattering of foam on each individual prism .
so far as she was concerned , bureaucratic restrictions were all very well in their place , but they could n't be allowed to limit efficiency .
had they been best buddies , and now i was the interloper trying to take holly 's place ?
` ` and what did you use in place of her blood ? ''
long silver claws sprang up in place of his manicured fingernails , and then disappeared just as quickly .
no one seemed to have noticed that it was missing , and once i went to check on the glamoured book dad had left in its place , i could see why .
my magic flared inside me , futile but stil there , and i felt the numbness slide away from me , steely determination taking its place .
a general shouted , momentarily forgetting his place .
she instantly changed her grip and tried for a trap , but he whipped his stick out of the way and was facing her again as if he 'd never moved in the first place .
in her place , will certainly would .
just like that her gentle , teasing lover was gone , and a cold warrior stood in his place .
still , he felt the cartilage in his nose move back into place , felt the claw marks closing .
since you ' ve come in his place , you ca n't expect us to offer the same generous odds . ''
she dived for it and finally got it switched off , feeling like a complete fool that she 'd ever left it on in the first place .
he and oliver changed places .
eve 's tears dried up and left a feverish anger in their place .
oliver ended up doing the blood pickup himself , maybe as a kind of offhand apology for putting eve and shane at risk in the first place , though that of course went unsaid .
mirrors replaced the chalkboard , and a long vanity lined with makeup cases , flowers , and congratulations cards sat in place of a teacher 's desk .
in the short while since he 'd been returned to the compound , conlan 's skin had been cleaned and annointed with a fragrant oil , all in preparation for the funeral rites that would take place with the next rising of the sun , not a few hours from now .
damage suffered in his place , lucan thought , sick with the knowledge that it should have been him on patrol with niko , not conlan .
took the shot out of the poly tips , added titanium powder in its place . ''
even gideon was joining in tonight 's raid , going out in place of conlan .
gabrielle knew some of that hurt herself because it could have been lucan in rio 's place .
so , that night i put conlan on the job in my place .
he 'll be taking rio 's place . ''
` ` there is a plan in place .
she knew she would n't have , in his place .
if either of us had taken his place , he 'd be alive now .
what would he have done in my place ?
in its place , spreading from one wall to the other , running from a few metres ahead of us all the way to the foot of the stage , was a giant pit , filled with sharpened stakes .
and regrettably , there are more mortals ready to take their place .
however , it was alexanders mansion , and if alexander was having a blast , then it was nt my place to break up the party .
unlike the guy he was taking the place of , he was a roamer , pacing off the perimeter , meeting all of the eyes that were on him .
out in his room , he heard their voices mingling , the lower and the higher trading places for airtime .
` ` you are n't scared , are you , '' he said , wondering exactly when it was that they 'd traded places on that account .
his hard - on tented the front of his running shorts as they left the locker room , the urge to mate a roar in his blood that was nonetheless held in check by the need to do right by her and give her something gentle in place of the violence she 'd suffered .
nasty , like nature , abhorred a vacuum -- so if the new club going up on the site met a similar macgyver end as rehv 's had , another would take its place just as fast .
just as the rummaging hand went to the other side of him , lash caught the man 's wrist and , with a twist and a jump , traded places with the looting bastard .
there was a long silence , during which john had the oddest sense that life was resetting itself , that the gears which had previously been slipping and missing had once more locked into place .
the question was ... who was trying to take rehv 's place - who happened to be of the race ?
let her take my place . ''
turning his head , he looked past the rolling tables of operating instruments ... and there she was in the far corner , her hood in place , her body still , her hands churning under the robe 's sleeves .
but no one 's taking wellsie 's place . ''
as no'one walked up the steps , john traded places with her , going down to the bike .
` ` i have no need or desire to take her place .
the good news was that the mhis v threw up around the compound would keep anyone on the outside from finding her - which was the reason throe had been fed in the first place .
in its place , memories flooded his mind .
it was hard not to see payne as having been harmed if she were left like this - especially because she had n't wanted the procedure in the first place .
in its place was a static portrait of the man smiling .
in its place was a raw , strapping hunger that reminded him she was not human .
and then the world spun and she found herself on her back , the guy with the wallet taking the place of the one in charge at her sex and filling her just as thickly .
and it went on and on , the two of them trading places again and again .
the arrangements are already in place with the agency and the containment facility .
if i could have traded places with him -- if it could have been me who 'd gone rogue ... me in front of that gun when the trigger was pulled ...
he moved away from her on the seat , a subtle shift of his thigh that left a gap of space in its place .
sometimes you look at me as if you might really feel something for me , but then ... then you blink and it 's like the feeling was never there in the first place .
more recently , sharon had been in and out of the hospital with pneumonia , and at her insistence dylan had taken the trip in her place .
dylan backed out of the walk - in and closed the doors , wishing she had n't looked in the first place .
it was going to be her big adventure with her friends , but she was n't well enough to go so i took her place .
it pained rio that he could n't be at dylan 's side as her mother was laid to rest that sunny summer afternoon , but he was glad for the company that tess , gabrielle , savannah , and elise were able to provide for her in his place .
what caught her attention , though , was what had been scheduled in their place .
probably good to keep an eye on him , since he was the target of the hit in the first place , '' fenton said .
gone were the black t - shirt and jeans he 'd been fantasizing about peeling off her , and in their place she wore a black leather corset which nipped her tiny waist in and pushed her br**sts up until they were in danger of spilling over the top with a pair of killer - heeled thigh - high boots .
it felt as if the missing piece of herself had slotted into place .
dull gray light , the familiar light of an overcast morning , took the place of the blinding sun in my dream .
despair momentarily vanished ; wonder took its place .
in his place was an enormous , red - brown wolf with dark , intelligent eyes .
i know it would not matter one whit to the cartwrights if damon took my place .
y ou need to go back and take your place in the world . ''
and just like that , the flicker of hope was extinguished , and cold , hard fear took up residence in its place .
which , bonnie observed , was a very sweet and ladylike way of putting dr . celia connor in her place .
but , honestly , no one else would have had to sneak the book out in the first place .
the tiny wildflower bouquet she and stefan had left two days before had withered , and elena threw it away and put the forget - menots in its place .
flowers , taking his place by bonnie 's bedside .
between kisses on her neck , her ears , her face , he said , ` ` i 'll do this to you till there 's something to take the place of your vows - until you see the two of us together as your religion .
in his place was one of the strangers with a raised club .
but unlike with drake , there 's something in its place : anger .
she heard herself sound like dr . trope , the assistant head of school , with the voice he used to tell her he was n't listening to another excuse about why she was late getting back to campus , rules were made for a reason and that reason was n't so she could flout them for her amusement ; and speaking of late , did she plan at some point to decide what she was going to do next year or just irresponsibly forfeit her place at the several top - tier colleges she 'd been accepted to , making the school look bad and herself look worse ; and really he did n't know what had gotten into her recently , where was the miranda kiss who was going to be a doctor and save the world , who was a credit to the school and herself , rather than the one who was on her way to being expelled - is that what you really want , young lady ?
as if the new song was magical rather than insipid , the dancers in the big ballroom each moved instinctively toward the person they should have come with in the first place , the one that would transform the night 's misery into happiness .
anyone possessing the merest grain of sanity would not want to exchange places with me right now .
she drank and drank , and felt the pain disappear.in its place was a euphoric lightness.when she paused to breathe , she could feel her lungs swell withcool , blessed air .
` ` i was supposed to go to him , but i talked mei li into switching places with me . ''
then alex 's face appeared in their place , just the sight of her a haven to him , giving him a feeling of pure , honest love - something he 'd needed more than anything in that moment .
that 's why we ... the keepers , went and got it in the first place .
my mouth drops agape as a door appears in its place .
the agony in my gut worked against the pain in my head , and the world began to swim back into place around me .
finish him , then take your place as the rightful ruler of the night . ''
i did plot with mr crepsley to take your place as his assistant .
do you mean , if mr tiny went back and killed him , some innocent guy would take his place ?
in time they 'd become warriors and lead their clan to victory over the other c and our father 's plan would fall back into place , a little later than anticipated , but otherwise intact . ''
as they left , a little person took his place by my side .
anyone with the nerve to sneak out late at night and go see the cirque du freak had the potential to take my place as mr crepsley 's assistant .
he summoned one of the other drones to take his place .
` ` he redid my aunt 's place last year , '' put in the bald - headed boy .
in her place stood a quiet , calculating survivor .
victor turned an irritated glance toward him , but brunswick 's return prevented his putting the immortal in his place for daring to question him .
` ` and then dj said as he was n't on the list of suitors , he would go to the restaurant in your place and help out . ''
clearing her throat , she merely commented , ` ` i do n't imagine mabel was pleased with dj 's volunteering to take my place . ''
grimacing , elvi rolled to her right even as the men did , and settled down on the bed with her arm under her head in place of a pillow , her eyes on the back of alessandro 's head .
it was the reason she 'd been headed downstairs in the first place , but she 'd allowed herself to be distracted .
she had three other suitors to take his place .
victor grunted as his back slammed into the dirt , cursed in pain as elvi came down , her knee landing bull's - eye on his groin , then simply whimpered like a baby when she realized what had happened and quickly slid off him , only to have the still flipping birdbath finish its own fall by allowing the base to take her place , crushing his testicles .
someone will have to take my place .
she frowned over that fact with frustration and simply said , ` ` i 'd rather work with you than take your place . ''
but i 'll find something else i love , '' teddy said quietly as he switched places with her to rinse the soap from his own hair and body .
anxiety took its place .
if he 'd been able to stop this - or take her place - he would have . ''
i gasped as a million pieces fell into place in my mind at once .
` ` was n't your place to , '' he said pragmatically , though his tone was still miserable .
cursing herself for not thinking to check the parking lot before making her move , jeanne louise quickly let her teeth slide back into place and removed her hand from the man she 'd been about to bite .
the sun had long set , darkness taking its place .
he did n't want his daughter to suffer , but felt no better knowing jeanne louise was doing so in her place .
the moment she removed them from his hands , justin stepped up to take her place and help hold livy down .
he smiled without showing his teeth , and at the hint of amusement in his eyes , it all fell into place .
a flash of memory took the place of my reality .
` ` put something good in its place so you can think about him without the pain ? ''
takata would never take the place of my dad - i did n't think he was going to try - but he was going to be a part of my life and i did n't know what that meant yet .
and hopefully by tomorrow he 'd have his lady 's help in reassuring max with a plausible story when the man called in a panic after learning some stranger had taken his place for her manicure .
` ` you forget your place , servant .
adorable in their place , but expendable .
but it would be easier still if he were n't there in the first place , and rashel could try her act on ivan .
bridget resumed her place in my sight , smiling excitedly up at me .
` ` in some ceremonies , it 's the lady 's place to love , honor , and obey .
in its place , that heated awareness returned , bringing with it irritation .
i ' m grateful for what you did out there , talking to those men , but the fact remains that you started a lot of this trouble in the first place .
` ` otherwise meaning to take the place of something , the implication being that the something you 're re- placing is inferior , used up , no longer viable or relevant . ` `
by the time they 'd done that , another woman took her place as a petal to close the circle again .
he forced himself to step back and let mason 's hand take its place .
at this moment , lyssa could easily imagine gideon many years ago , sitting on the edge of a bed , stroking the sleeping head of his eight - year - old brother , taking the place of their mother and father .
` ` i knew from the very beginning you would n't be able to accept your place as a human servant . ` `
` ` my place is by your side .
that will always be my place , now and for- ever . ` `
if he tried to remove the bra himself , he 'd walk away with a bloody stump in place of his hand .
not daring to breathe , she stared at the sheer , white lace in place of the door .
they would not need finding if the king had brought them along in the first place .
by the time their private war ended , anyone who harbored thoughts of taking his place would see the error of his ways .
even more shocking , as the fear left her , something else took its place : desire .
fangs grew in place of their teeth .
they 'd change places later .
i 'd change places with her .
and he could n't take her place .
forget the visit ever took place .
she ducked and pushed through the little cluster that had taken her place , sliding against their black leather flanks as if she were a fish and rising up again to grab the apron of unpainted wood , one hand taking hold of the strong synthetic cloth that decorated it , and twisting it into a rope .
do n't you realize what 's taken place ? ''
` ` all night it took place .
splendid visions taking place ; a palace even more lovely than this .
but it 's plain enough what took place . '
talk to us about what took place . ''
` ` you saw what took place . ''
nothing was ever going to take the place of that , the simple act of walking , feeling the earth under your feet , and the sweet smell of the nearby chimneys scattered out there in the blackness ; and the damp cold smell of deep winter in these woods .
he real y needed to have a word with damon later and make sure damon understood his place as a guest at the boardinghouse - nothing more - but it was true , he could do that tomorrow .
you would n't want to take elena 's place , would you ? ''
bonnie rol ed into his place .
` ` we can make it so that your mr . tanner repel ed an apparent vampire attack and the school cal ed in alaric saltzman to take his place and investigate .
and '' - suddenly virtuous - ` ` i was taking bonnie toyour place . ''
meredith hastened to switch places with him .
they had nothing in place of clothes to disguise the ghastly deformities of their bodies .
elena 's trance was finally broken , and she looked around to see that the shambling , hideous tree - men had disappeared in the full sunlight and in their place was a wide patch of sorrel dotted with fossilized trees in odd shapes .
if she gave in , she would be just an impudent slave who caused a small ruckus in the road , but was firmly put back into her place by authorities .
during that time we will treat lady ulma as family , and will put the jeweler lucen back to work until we leave , when he and lady ulma can quietly take damon 's place .
and now it was gone , and in its place was racking confusion , guilt , and anxiety .
in its place was a room , too bright , its one candle blazing like a police searchlight aimed directly at her .
she wished that she could go back to show everyone that she 'd never meant it in the first place .
but now , blurrily but definitely , bloddeuwedd saw the ones she had been after in the first place , the nest robbers , the ones who had forever put out one of her huge round orange far - seeing eyes , and cut her so deeply that the other eye was filling with blood .
somehow , daisy had disappeared , and a new figure stood in her place .
i ' m going over to spend the day at the boarding house tomorrow , and when i get there i ' m going to tell him everything i should have told him in the first place .
john took a bow and resumed his place by elena .
` ` it probably set the portcullis trap in the first place , ` ` said wanda .
what we have are the memoirs of poets and occult adventurers , quite incapable of anatomizing what takes place .
yet i do n't know what takes place .
they 're always driven out eventually , even if the victor never knows what took place .
the steward really did n't know all that had taken place , except that the elderly british gentleman had been held in custody until he was finally escorted ashore .
paris skyle arrived and took mika 's place .
` ` when i heard that the vampaneze lord had been unearthed , i knew it was too late to put in place a fair peace agreement .
she ran her tongue along the seam of her mouth again , this time imagining layel 's tongue in its place .
she blew him an unconcerned kiss , not surprised to see the puncture wounds on his neck were weaving back together and his nose was snapping back into place .
two horns rose on each side of his head in place of ears .
` ` why did you take his place ? ''
he thought , had their places been reversed , he might have been cursing the heavens .
there , in place of the fire , was table after table piled high with food .
a hard right was delivered to his nose , and the cartilage snapped out of place .
we '' ve started putting the line in place !
` ` it occurred to me that we have switched places , you and i . ''
offering yourself in her place , are you ?
only one - fredor morsh - resumed his place in the hall of princes .
my good colleague mika will take my place . ''
i realized it was too late for me to take kurda 's place , so i started to turn away reluctantly .
i 'll swap places with evra myself , if that - ?
think how horrible it 'd be for him if you let him go : he 'd have to live with the knowledge that i 'd died in his place .
mirabeau decided it was n't her place to disabuse the kid .
judging by the way mirabeau halted and her shoulders bowed , she felt much the same way as she was reminded of the reason she 'd been pacing his room in the first place .
` ` have any of you ever seen that old movie about the identical twins who switch places ? ''
the sisters had switched places a few times since they 'd met .
leaning close to her face , reggie hissed , ` ` never forget your place .
you can return to the palace and resume your place at queen sophia 's side without the wild girl .
she glanced at cole , hoping he would n't try to take her place later .
it was too late to ask wanda to swap places so i just yelled ` ` help ! ''
` ` some time now , '' he admitted , pulling on clothes with the same color as mine , in place of his usual red outfit .
` ` but why blood him in the first place ? ''
as a woman , the odds were stacked against me , but i overcame them and took my place in this hall as an equal .
locks were unnecessary when there was another , more effective method in place to ensure that he was n't tempted to stray .
the stakes were higher than ever for the order now , one evil defeated only to see another , even more powerful , rise in its place .
these two went off , and immediately two other soldiers appeared to take their place .
` ` maybe more , '' she said , ` ` i want you to go away , go south to florence , go away and forget all that 's happened , as if it were nightmares or witches ' spells , as if none of it took place ; leave this town , go , you must . ''
sour - faced and in a dirty gray robe , it fled from christ , who stood firm in the desert , refusing to be tempted , and , only after this confrontation , then had the ministering angels come , and had christ taken his place with his hands clasped .
` ` it was n't your place to give me permission , '' he said .
` ` or if they did break us apart , it would have been to take skimmer 's place .
the tiny tank of brine had taken the place of honor at the window ever since i 'd moved mr .
piscary 's little bitch needs to be taught her place . ''
pierce 's emotions took their place , coming from tom 's body .
she 'd looked upon the face of her beloved , and the moon had revealed a monster in his place .
` ` then the witch should no ' have entered the hie in the first place ! ''
- that male takes your place ... takes what 's yours .
they 'd stay the other six months in their place next to andoain .
her fingers were retracting , but in their place long , curved claws were extending .
come and take your place with us . ''
a shapeshifter boy who could have taken the place of any prince in a book of fairy tales , with hair like old gold and classically sculptured features .
she took nissa 's place by iliana .
peter lifts me off his lap and deposits me in the driver 's seat with way more grace than i used getting over there in the first place .
` ` you 're lucky to have a job already in place .
he would have put her in her place .
a piece of myself that she 'd taken with her falls back into place , and it is easy to move my face into what i hope is a smile .
he does , and everything slips into place .
it has taken the place of my soul .
i want to talk her out of it , since a party is what had gotten her grounded in the first place , but she 's insistent .
i wondered if it was the chaos in me that secretly longs for order , for things to be in their place .
ivan takes peter 's place and di makes a break for it , but they 're too strong .
the zombies were gone and in their place was what had to be the tallest man he 'd ever seen .
` ` i already have my person in place .
he 'd put in a piece of towel , but in its place ... brimstone .
any sympathy he might have had for devus was gone , and in its place was a harsh , cold conviction .
` ` our corrupter is in place and is one the young malachai now trusts . ''
but the one thing i know is if we die , something a lot worse than us will take our place and the tiny handful of people i still love will suffer unimaginable agony .
now that brat could take his place as malachai .
when you die , there will be another bully , just like you , spewing the same cruel lies and lines that never change , to take your place .
once the elder was weak enough , the younger killed him and assumed his rightful place as the sole malachai .
you have to take your place ... . ` ` do you hear that ? ''
gone was the queen of the damned - and - emo and in her place was a woman in a muted blue sweater and jeans .
i should never have allowed him to take my place .
the one who would kill the father and take his place .
there was no double to die in her place .
` ` yes , yes , yes , and akkadian , the language that had been used after , and the persian which was creeping up on us all then , and greek - i could read that well - and aramaic which was taking the place of our own hebrew in daily life , but then i wrote hebrew too .
you need only take your place at your banquet table there , and if you do not die within a few hours we will give you the gold in your mouth . '
the old man looked up at gregory again , trusting me apparently to keep my place .
a thunderous and united cry rose as gregory appeared now , with the helping hand of his driver , brushing his coat that was covered with dust from the casket , and he took his place at my side .
do n't you see , you filth , you take your place with the destroyers ! ''
` ` you take your place with attila the hun , '' i said .
` ` you take your place with tamerlane , who built walls out of the live bodies of the conquered .
you do indeed take your place with the black death and with ebola and with aids .
an impostor has taken my place .
i have declared the dead man a demon who took the place of my grandson .
` ` and i can tell you exactly what takes place .
a tall male of compact and well - proportioned build , with very short black hair and black eyes , he stood in the deep fragrant darkness of a thicket of trees , listening with his powerful preternatural ears and seeing with his powerful preternatural eyes all that was taking place - with antoine and armand and benji and sybelle - inside of the belle epoque mansion in which armand 's family now lived .
tessa would never allow one of hers to be hurt if she could sacrifice herself in their place .
` ` it was n't their place to say anything , '' said jubilee .
it was green plastic , and in place of the veve of baron lacroix , it had a simple circle with two lines on either side .
in place of the movie , jane turned on a news station , turned up the volume , then moved away to watch .
` ` so to put bob in his place , god granted one of bob 's enemies - christopher , son of cringle - a red suit of impenetrable armor , and ordered him to smite all therianthropes .
normally , he 'd have taken monday off and let teacher work in his place , but he 'd missed enough work , he figured .
maybe you ' ve taken aubrey 's place .
then , a somewhat rational reply slid into place .
she nibbled on her bottom lip , no answers sliding into place , and peered up at her bedroom ceiling .
john 's anger melted , dejection taking its place .
the world around him faded , another taking its place .
putting the bane of her existence in his place was like finding a chalice that never ran out of blood .
and just how was aden supposed to lead the vampires here when he had no idea how he 'd gotten here in the first place ?
in a snap , thick tree trunks and orange - gold leaves took their place .
in their place , a need to please her dad had grown .
if anyone was stronger than he was , they were to take his place .
her hate had drained , pity and fear taking their place .
ms . brendal now stood in dr . hennessy 's place .
what the - the answer slid into place .
he blinked again , once , twice , his own image fading and victoria 's taking its place .
she tugged at the ivy around his wrists , but when she cut one vine , another quickly grew in its place .
his frown disappeared , a high - wattage grin taking its place .
her wards were in place , so that was n't the issue .
some of the warmth faded , wariness taking its place .
until he forgot why he 'd been fighting in the first place .
gone was his dark hair , and in its place was a short crop of blond .
the fury shattered , hopelessness taking its place .
this time , i shot back , ` ` you 're the one who admitted him in the first place ! ''
i 'd thought we were in so much trouble , but if i could ' ve traded places with myself and traveled back to that moment , where it was just me and lucas against the world , i would ' ve done it .
the old truce is n't in place anymore . ''
but then the woodsons took the place , and vic was so tiny , just a couple of years old .
but then the woodsons took the place .
` ` and you were brave enough to die in my place . ''
my bracelet had been taken out of its 21j cubbyhole , leaving the greenish copper trap in its place ; my jet brooch was with lucas , sound asleep , far away .
` ` he took my place . ''
she must have seen him , in the instant that he had taken maxie 's place .
her place in redgrave 's bed was as assumed , and as unnatural , as balthazar 's place beside constantia .
in its place was a world transformed .
nothing would really take the place of talking with her parents .
before leaving , redgrave had changed his offering , sliding away the remember and the question mark and putting another word in its place .
` ` he wanted me to take his place . ''
unable to break her fall , cassie fell to her knees hard and for a moment the pain took the place of terror .
for every vampire the immortals and ami killed , two or three seemed to take their place .
he was good at making me forget just why i said i 'd never kiss him in the first place .
cassandra rose to take her place on the court .
alexis moved to take cassandra 's place restraining vera , whose skin was starting to darken with fur and muscles were now bulging unnaturally under her clothing .
` ` to take your place as a lord of the shade , '' helina said , wrapping an arm around my waist to support me in standing .
a vampire of pleasant dreams who stole them away and left in their place , nightmares of unspeakable terror that would torment the sleeper every time they hit the rem stage of sleep .
if i summoned the winged creature from another place and time , did i , perhaps , switch places with it ?
at least , that was what the alchemist librarian had told me , and archibald maximus should know , since he had created the medallions in the first place .
but , if the israelis planned to turn the relics over to the priest , why bring her in the first place ?
rubble stood in place of the columbarium and synagogue .
she took rafik 's place .
at achtice castle , elisabeta insisted that each fall the old rushes be discarded , the stone washed clean and dried , and new rushes be left in their place .
it now seemed as if for every bat taken down , two took its place .
he switched places with her , taking up the first - aid kit .
some of the icarops fell , but more swooped in to take their places .
his bloodlust slowly waned , but comfort did not return in its place , only emptiness , leaving him weary , consumed .
he could not let another die in agony in his place again .
to each , their place .
it lets out a roar , throwing its head back , hitting me in the chin before it falls to the ground as i stagger back from it , feeling my jaw pop out then back into place .
` ` i should have done this in the first place , '' he says , then speeds up so fast that everything becomes blurry and incoherent .
i thought you were stuck in your own head and could n't get out , so how can you change places ? ''
it took a moment before the rest of the features fell into place : blond hair , suntanned skin , cheekbones sharp enough to draw blood .
with her ice and stone magic , gin was one of the most powerful elementals in ashland , and she could have easily stepped up and taken the late mab monroe 's place as the queen of the underworld .
it 's not like gin is trying to take mab 's place or anything like that .
yes , all the other bosses were there supposedly to pay their respects to mab , but really they were all just sizing each other up and plotting how they could take the fire elemental 's place .
the whole time alexis james was chasing me , i could n't figure out why she 'd picked me to set up or even how she 'd found fletcher in the first place .
the rain had turned my chocolate locks an even darker brown , and i used the cold moisture to slick them back into place .
others would have been happy to spit on her corpse , dance a jig on her grave , and then set about trying to take the fire elemental 's place as ashland 's queen bee .
so my mysterious sister took donovan 's place in the department .
finn realized i was royally pissed at him for snookering me into going to the club in the first place .
that i 'd almost missed my chance to get to know her again before i 'd even been ready to take it in the first place , to risk telling her who and what i really was .
mab will hire someone else to take his place before they even dredge his body out of the river . ''
when i 'd put jake in his place , he and his father had gotten a little upset about it , threatening to run me out of business , among other , more unpleasant things .
as soon as one bounty hunter went down , another one swept in to take his place .
but the other bastard stepped up to take his place .
that was the whole reason i wanted to be an assassin in the first place - so that no one would ever be able to hurt me again .
nothing restored his good mood more than needling someone else , and i was happy to take one for the team , since it was my fault that his car had gotten trashed in the first place .
i ' m going to kill you where you stand and find a stronger fire elemental to take your place .
to him , there was an endless supply of both , and when he used up one elemental , he simply tossed her aside like trash and found another to take her place .
finally , we both drew back and wiped the tears from our faces , both of us pretending not to notice that we 'd been crying in the first place .
one , two , three quick cuts across his chest and stomach , and he was down for the count , without even really realizing what had happened in the first place .
finn had been so insistent that i come to the exhibit that i had n't thought too much about exactly why he wanted me here in the first place .
then , after another minute had passed , they 'd switch places again .
namely , the fact was that there was no reason for clementine to break into the museum vault just to steal mab 's will - unless someone else had hired her to do the job in the first place .
but left in its place was my dark desire to end harley grimes 's miserable existence .
not for the first time , i cursed clementine barker and then jonah mcallister , who 'd hired her in the first place .
well , actually , i probably would have hog - tied them and gone in their place .
finn hugged me again , and then everyone changed places .
but apparently , grimes was n't content simply to know where i was , because not ten minutes after the first pair of fake cowboys had left the pork pit , another set took their place .
i wondered if he really thought that i was stupid enough to lead him to sophia and jo - jo and that i had n't anticipated that he 'd come after me in the first place .
charlotte kept staring at her book , so she did n't see the smile fall from my face or the guilt that took its place .
even as my heart splintered into smaller and sharper pieces , the rage began to build brick by solid brick in its place , clearing the rest of the drugged fog from my mind .
but in their places rose one thing , stronger than all that i 'd felt for him before : a cold , vicious , unending desire to kill him for every low - down , dirty , rotten thing he 'd done .
in their places stood dilapidated row houses , potholes big enough to blow out your tires , and yards covered with more trash than grass .
` ` i do n't want benson 's mansion , and i sure as hell do n't want to take his place . ''
and now the next generation of monroes and slaters had stepped up to take their place and continue their blood feud with the snow family .
then the stump quivered and split in half , and two new heads sprouted in its place and lunged for teddy jo .
i finally managed to stuff the ladder in its place and left the apartment building for the parking lot , where my female mule , marigold , was tied to a metal rack set up there for precisely that purpose .
` ` while derek was cooling off , i put linna into the games in his place . ''
the alpha vanished for a moment , leaving a man in his place .
in their place i 'd leave small hunting parties in the jungle and park by them once in a while to pick up the meat .
we shall honor the promise to the sultan of death and destroy the half - breeds ... we shall take their place , grow stronger , and when our time comes ... we shall ... teach the sultan of death humility . ''
a seven - and - a - half - foot - tall nightmare rose in his place : layered with muscle , dark gray , stripes like streaks of smoke against a velvet pelt .
i wondered how she got down there in the first place ... ` ` how did you get down into the gap ? ''
put yourself in place of your mom .
just as we turn to dust , we rise anew in young flesh , for when one of us three dies , a child is born to take her place . ''
when i do , within three years another witch oracle will be born to take my place .
his skin split , shivered , and a huge gray wolf lay in his place .
i want that punishment to be so hard , so vicious , that the next scum who takes their place wets himself at the mere thought of trying to fight me . ''
look , if i could just get your name ... '' i pushed the disconnect button and lowered the receiver in its place .
he blurred and suddenly a monster rose in his place .
his flesh whipped around him in a furry whirlwind and a huge werewolf stood in sean 's place .
` ` in her place i would ' ve killed the two of you already .
they feel that they are ordained to take your place .
she was n't supposed to become one , but he died , and she had to take his place .
the stake disappeared and a crossbow took its place .
` ` not to wipe them out , mind you , but to finally take our place as the leaders of the earth .
the blue jeans and leather jacket were gone , and a long red dress took their place .
giguhl jogged in place with his gaze on the glutton .
rhea 's anger fell and betrayal took its place .
for every vamp i killed , five more took his place .
but now that the anger had passed and fear took its place , i could n't rip my eyes from the canvas to acknowledge his arrival .
you think lavinia will just let you trade places with maisie ?
` ` valva , '' adam said , ` ` what were you thinking getting up onstage in the first place ? ''
in its place , a mischievous glint shown in his eyes .
in the shadows , pussy willow 's silhouette rushed across the stage to take her place .
the rocks dissolve and painted walls rise in their place .
in its place , shame rolled in like the tide .
she did n't want to chance one of them overthrowing her and sticking their own offspring in her place . ''
as it turned out , there were shockingly few in place .
a brief flare of vanity made me wonder if regular teeth would grow in their place , but i pushed that thought aside .
` ` you can trade places with maisie . ''
` ` if i trade places with her- '' ` ` then everything will be as it should . ''
it was something tentacled , with spikes and mouths with shark teeth in places mouths should n't be .
` ` they 're reporting that the people are already in place .
` ` take your place . ''
in an instant the funny blonde vanished , and a cold killer with a thousand - yard stare sat in andrea 's place .
in her place , i would want to know .
in his place i 'd be careful with my choice of words .
would ' ve done the same in your place .
an enormous gray lion stood in his place .
the lion shrank , and a man straightened in his place .
she had literally taken my place and he allowed it .
a monster rose in aunt b 's place .
the wolves shook , their bodies twisted , and men rose in their place .
` ` this is a contract between you and lorelei wilson , in which you promise her you will kill the consort so lorelei can take her place , '' curran said .
the bewildered expression peeled off radomil 's face , leaving a hard ruthless intelligence in its place .
the funny blonde vanished and in her place sat a knight of the order : hard , dangerous , and controlled .
but then he was n't mine to let go in the first place .
in his place stood a beast , dark gray and corded with muscle .
in its place gaped a black pit and i floated above it , weightless .
no one among the alphas now could take his place and hold it .
i assumed his place at the order , and made his apartment into a home .
` ` i 'd love to trade places with them right now . ''
he knew he 'd have a terrific headache for about ten minutes while everything knit back into place .
after all , it was his fault delphine took her in the first place .
and when it handed you a full glass , it stole it from you when you turned your head , only the remnants of condensation on your palm left to let you know it had been there in the first place .
he driveled that once all four of you drink your vials the spell will be reversed - everyone 's memories about the four rulers and their past together back in place .
another key appeared in its place .
ezra and i aimed for the road , pushing them to move while trying to find a break in their numbers , but they seemed to understand our plan , continually rotating in a circle so that when a portion went down more took their place .
` ` it alters time if he was n't supposed to give the advice in the first place , '' cahal said offhandedly when ezra began growling quietly , his son 's attention stuck on the older mage .
i wiped the tears off my face , but more tears came to take their place as i watched a man step out of the mass .
and then , to top it off , you have no clue you 're just a job in the first place ?
in her place was a predator that would have scared me if it had n't been ... well , me .
his hand was slowly releasing my breast as if , if he did it slowly enough , i would n't notice it had been there in the first place .
i switched places with her reluctantly .
and i ' ve waited for centuries to take my rightful place as the one .
` ` i never should have told them to come here before we had a concrete plan in place . ''
it finally slid into place , but only after i opened myself up to the myriad other smells lingering in this hole .
` ` also , please tell me there are plans in place to investigate jeff the super while we 're gone ? ''
every time danny kills one , another one pops up in its place . ''
` ` when danny killed a few , more popped up in their place . ''
when one is killed in this world , another materializes to take its place .
there would be precautions put in place . ''
danny needs to recover , and i ' m not going forward until we have a concrete plan in place .
in the next moment it disintegrated , leaving a thick smear in its place .
things fell into place quickly .
sheets of plywood stood in place of the glass .
i have absolutely no intention of fighting my father for his place .
inside , an old wooden countertop ran along the left wall with a cutout for a sink , but an aged plastic basin balanced in its place instead .
it took me a second , but the final puzzle pieces of my kidnapping snapped clearly into place .
if he lived another six hundred years , he knew he would never forget her , never find another to take her place in his heart .
had she now taken his place ?
he would allow her to take her place at his side once again , and he would continue her education .
rourke 's image blurred and disappeared , and in its place vilnius saw a two - story dwelling .
with a huff , she resumed her place beside him .
she made some excuse to her mother about his having an early appointment with his agent in the city , then spent the rest of the day wondering where he was and what he was doing and why she was surprised that he was n't there in the first place .
he nodded and then , almost before she could blink , he was gone and in his place there was a shimmering mist of silver - gray motes .
speechless , santiago could only stand there , completely engrossed at what he was seeing as regan delaney disappeared and a beautiful blond wolf with bright green eyes stood in her place .
` ` do you wish to have him here in my place ?
you 're going to take marishka 's place at my side . ''
the fair - haired wolf shimmered and then it was gone and vasile lay in its place , a neat round hole between his sightless eyes .
never forgiven me for being unable to give you a son to take mark 's place . ''
verah 's eyes grew wide as the woman 's form shimmered and then , between one heartbeat and the next , the woman was gone and a long - legged wolf with coal - black hair and bright brown eyes stood in her place .
in moments , the ugly old hag was gone and a beautiful young woman stood in her place .
` ` tomorrow night , when the pack meets to discuss who should take over as alpha , you will suggest that i take your father 's place . ''
` ` if you suggest that i take your father 's place , the transition will be smooth .
as nagin luta 's sister , and as the only other alpha of the shadow pack , it falls to me to take his place .
doubts about her ability to defeat rudolfo and to take her father 's place as alpha weighed heavily on her mind .
brett stepped back and greta took his place .
` ` i want a camera in your place by tomorrow . ''
the rest of them would be fighting to take your place before your ashes were cold . ''
` ` or i could take alex 's place . ''
well , if you ca n't handle it , i 'll send adrianna to take his place . ''
she sipped her iced tea as she tried to imagine finding a man who could take rhys 's place .
he would have to take his place on the council .
the old oven was gone and a shiny new one stood in its place .
` ` the council will decide who is to take rodin 's place .
there is only one among us who is old enough , wise enough , strong enough , to take rodin 's place . ''
` ` it is no secret that rodin 's firstborn son is the only one qualified to take his sire 's place .
as the eldest son , he should have known he would be first in line to take our sire 's place . ''
` ` please take your place . ''
ciprian and liam are taking liliana 's place at the italian fortress until she returns .
and a railroad security guard taking the place of the conductor to ensure there would n't be any trouble .
she took the pencils and put two colored sticks and a wheel in their place .
he traded places with nathan .
the elementals ' steeds were slow to age , but even their time in the world came to an end , and their place was taken by youngsters who filled the same niche .
she had no idea how mario had traded places with lucas , but what mattered was stopping him from doing more .
the boy she had once come to the rock with was almost gone , and a man had taken his place .
after several minutes , holiday asked , ` ` do you have a new quest in place ? ''
` ` i ' ve been waiting for him to die so i could take his place .
blood had soaked through her shirt , not a lot of blood , but enough that the peaceful feeling lessened and fear took its place .
the disappointment in his eyes vanished and a sexy twinkle took its place .
when had kylie and della traded places ?
but it was n't kylie 's place to say it .
` ` i found your original marriage certificate and learned she was already pregnant , and everything else fell into place . ''
her memory started to fall into place one piece at a time .
a piece of the puzzle of who burnett was suddenly fell into place .
she did n't know what awaited her at her grandfather 's , but nothing , nothing would take the place of shadow falls .
in just a few seconds , perry disappeared and a long - haired white cat with a cute piggish little face and beautiful blue eyes stood in his place , swishing its tail back and forth .
then the hard - as - nails vampire vanished into the smoke - filled air and standing in his place was a very pissed - off kangaroo .
but if she is not from our blood , then not only will he be forced to step down from his place , but the pack will no longer accept him as one of them .
the sense of fascination shattered , leaving in its place a cold wind of fear .
it was as if derek 's touch had removed her ability to experience fear , leaving only curiosity in its place .
she swung around to go back to the bedroom when she recal ed the reason she 'd come out in the first place .
her need to protect her man , traded places with her desire for him .
a third ascender has taken owen stannett 's place .
she wished that she 'd never left and never found the letter in the first place .
rachel knew she was about to open up a can of worms and for a second regretted her decision to bring the letter in the first place .
she had forgotten for a moment why she even went back to bedford in the first place .
he rushed forward to take annabelle 's place by her feet .
she was forever changed , and something else was rising up to take her place .
he was n't sure what had risen up to take the place of the cassie he cherished , but no matter what he was going to keep her safe , and she was going to stay by his side .
he glanced back at liam 's vehicle and waved to him before switching places with chris .
he had to accept the fact that cassie had died and what had risen in her place was a much more powerful version that still loved him with everything she was .
he howled as the fire engulfed him but three more of them rose up to take his place .
all he could do was hope that he could ease whatever torment she had been through , and that she could forgive him for losing her in the first place .
he shrugged negligently , the lazy smile she remembered slipped into place .
her spinning mind had just clicked into place .
the man had been destroyed by cassie 's death ; the monster inside him had finally burst free of its cage to take devon 's place .
they blinked in surprise , their minds snapping back into place as the normal hustle of their jobs seized them once more .
the anger fled swiftly from her as despair rushed up to take its place .
the lava boiled and poured through her , leaving only smoldering ashes in place of the person she had once been .
in its place was true wrath as his eyes briefly shimmered red .
she was amazed the woman was still alive as they 'd been captured together ; it was mary 's son that aria had allowed herself to be captured in place of .
their king had just fallen , and a new king , one even more ruthless and sadistic , had just stepped forward to take his place .
daniel had stepped forward to claim his father 's place , and william and max had become his seconds in command , but aria was the one everyone talked about , the one they whispered about in awe .
braith remained silent ; ashby would learn soon enough that jericho had abandoned his place in the palace long before braith had .
she wondered if it was just the prince that they gave it to as they appeared very much at ease in his place , and seemed to know where everything was located , or if they gave it away to any vampire that asked .
and her place was not to interrupt him when he was in the middle of what had appeared to be a very important conversation .
an undead impostor had been introduced into the ton in his place , and had later met the pointed end of victoria 's stake .
his self - deprecating charm would be out of place in the face of such bald honesty and sincerity .
and now victoria had no choice but to settle back into her place .
` ` and vioget is to take your place as adviser ? ''
her fury abated slightly as another scrap of memory slipped into place : sebastian , thrusting himself between her and beauregard , shouting at her to leave , even as she shoved a stake meant for beauregard into sebastian 's shoulder ... and the blood , blood that was n't supposed to be there ... ... she saw the crusty bloom even now on his sweat - stained shirt .
and she was n't quite ready , yet , to meet the man who would take phillip 's place .
` ` you certainly have the sound of your aunt in your tone , now that you ' ve taken her place as illa gardella . ''
taking phillip 's place ?
the horses were still squealing , and the carriage lurched and lunged in its place as they struggled to pull loose and run free .
i could not believe you could drink from beauregard , and he from you , and the turning not take place . ''
her vampire minion dragged away the unconscious girl , and the second one moved forward into her place .
` ` you helped set him in place as the new rockley heir . ''
` ` i should have gone in the first place . ''
he quickly dispatched one with his stake , but two more took its place .
victoria twisted , bucking away from the puny strength of the mortal man - zinnani - who had taken the place of the immortals and bent over her .
` ` he has but one more task to prove his loyalty , and then he will take his place at my side .
now take your place . ''
she thought again of the dogs who used to sleep here , pap and gertie , the dear saint bernards she had loved more than mere pets , whom he had killed and whose place he had willingly taken ... yes ... in order to save ann - marie and the children .
` ` just another piece of the puzzle falling into place . ''
but i think dori may take wynn 's place soon .
this was the man who 'd taken director jennings ' place .
ashe traded places with winkler , watching as the werewolf walked out of his office before settling in to delete files .
taller than billings by a good six inches , while his presence overshadowed that of cloud chief 's principal , william winkler smiled and nodded at the assembled crowd before taking billings ' place behind the podium .
` ` i hope they find somebody good to take his place . ''
toff would have seen them there and she was taking toff 's place .
one day , gren planned to be the one taking tiearan 's place .
` ` i hope they have someone ready to take satris 's place when he croaks , '' mack muttered , his dark eyes expressing anger .
and i wanted to ask cheedas to find somebody who could take giff 's place .
i was going to ask cheedas if he knew somebody who could take her place . ''
` ` i need somebody to take giff 's place . ''
* * * cheedas brought in both candidates he 'd selected to take giff 's place .
` ` someone else will take his place in a few weeks .
unfortunately , melida had already come to shadow and the marriage had taken place .
i know i would be if i found out somebody had manufactured a twin who was meant to take my place , and then gotten attacked by those who wanted my twin to take over .
he cares for you - i know this much - and if you would consent to make him immortal , to take my place one day , then i would be most grateful . ''
instead , and without thinking , she 'd condemned an entire planet to death in my place .
` ` perhaps you would like to take the pelipu 's place ? ''
those are laws that are already in place and only need approval to remain in place , '' grant pointed out .
those are laws that are already in place and only need approval to remain in place , '' grant pointed out .
ringolar thought about eating her and taking her place , but she had a lover on jhirnain and he had no desire to get involved .
` ` you do not understand , '' kifirin appeared in belen 's place .
he 'd traded places with gavin - they were helping patrol the palace .
that connection will come in time , but is not in place as yet . ''
there was another new member i had n't met ; he 'd taken flavio 's place when flavio took over wlodek 's position .
he shrieked and leapt back , while two more came to take his place .
someday , you will take her place .
wlodek wants him groomed to take sebastian 's place . ''
another priest took his place and he dusted , too .
russell , you will take gavin 's place in barcelona . ''
i 'll have someone else come in to take your place later .
the council has been in place for six hundred years .
there was only one reason i could see that wlodek , head of the vampire council , would involve two enforcers and a mister in the theft of two tiaras and that was if they were stolen by a vampire in the first place .
` ` therefore , if they decide against you , your marriage will take place .
what alien planet had kidnapped the gavin i knew and dropped a double in his place ?
the wedding and confirmation took place the following evening and kellee was turning and smiling at winkler the whole time she stood up with her friend .
` ` the new security guards will be working in your place and the electronics crew will be working round the clock ; they 're bringing enough people for two full shifts . ''
winkler 's announcement to the world that the software did n't work would more than likely get the enemies off his back , which was the ultimate goal and sole reason he 'd done it in the first place .
luthe straddles me and rips my tunic off , curses at the undershirt i ' ve been wearing in place of a bra , and rips it off , too .
was that a real kiss - or would any female lips have done in my place ?
` ` and the fact that elder here 's the one who gave me the idea for unplugging them in the first place . ''
when i took his place , i carried on as he trained me .
` ` let me help , '' bartie says , taking kit 's place under doc 's arm .
in its place , the monitor on the control panel lights up , flashing a single phrase : military authorization code : - - - - - - - - - - that word - military - makes my stomach jerk with the same intensity of the ship 's sudden stop earlier .
you 'll have to sit through long , laborious essays , wandering narratives , and endless ponderings before you reach the small bit of the story that you wanted to read in the first place .
they keep everyone in ignorance , teaching them falsehoods in place of history , geography , and politics .
she wants to know why they picked someone like me to take his place .
his hands must be freezing , but i 'd trade places with him in a second .
` ` and he 'll be pissed as hell , '' i say , ` ` and i would n't trade places with you for a second .
` ` thank you for taking franko 's place .
eventually , the road they 're on turns into the road they had meant to get on in the first place .
julia asks , and even though it could be meant for either of them , both of them know it is elijah 's place to answer .
it 's not that i ' m not totally happy - i am - but it 's almost like sometimes i have to keep running over and over in my head why i liked him in the first place , like if i do n't i 'll somehow forget .
i ' m so surprised to come across her like that , i forget , momentarily , that she 's the whole reason i ' m out here in the first place .
the feeling of control vanishes and in its place comes a tingly feeling of anxiety .
` ` but if you take something , you 're supposed to leave something in its place . ''
so many missing pieces of cassidy thorpe clicked into place .
i put elspeth in her place and go to find constance howell .
i , quick , pull the statue of the baby jesus out from under his swaddling clothes , say , ` ` i ' m sorry , jesus , but i think you 'll understand , '' and i put baby jesse in the cradle in his place .
he started to walk by me with a bemused expression on his face when he stopped suddenly as if remembering why he was talking to me in the first place .
most of the fourth floor rooms are cordoned off for school pride actors and crew , the studio 's beefy bodyguards in place to protect reid from his more zealous fans .
but let me give you a parting tip - it 's a stretch to call it screwing around on your girlfriend when she wo n't screw around with you in the first place . ''
i 'd tell you what i ' m considering to take its place , but you probably are n't interested in talking makes and specs .
they all assume i ' m masking the hangover i would welcome in place of this aching emptiness .
* * * * * * * * * dori not until i see dad 's face does my anesthetized shield begin to recede , leaving in its place pins and needles of feeling , sharp and stabbing , fear piercing through me at his distressed look .
there 's an unexpected pause in place of the quick denial i expected , and suddenly i need privacy .
they never told me what , exactly , i ' m supposed to wear in place of what i own .
i answer in place of hello , trying to keep the panic out of my voice , but there 's something going on , and i know it .
' i see you ' ve been reading the gossip sites , ' i answer in place of hello , grabbing a bottle of water from the craft services trailer and moving away from the current scene being shot .
my good sense , which has been hangin ' back all day , tells me it 's time for the brotherhood to get back to the ship before we get knocked on the head for the few pennies we have left or get so drunk we ca n't get back to the dear dolphin and are left here and other lads take our places .
it ai n't the place of ship 's boys to hang around and watch officers fight , but we do n't miss much of the battle .
i ' m stitching a line of white thread across the bodice of my dress to take the place of the lace , which the ship do n't stock .
i 'll send someone to take your place , and then i 'll send someone to wake you in two hours . ''
a sailor shows up to take my place .
` ` so they learn their place as quickly as possible .
in place of the old - fashioned rephaite regalia , he wore the clothes of a wealthy scion denizen , the sort no clever thief would try to fine - wire .
in its place was a small plaster .
` ` so now it looks like the bank is gon na take the place , '' he says .
when we had been here on the initial salvage of the santa magdalena 's treasure and i decided that we needed a share of the gold - a share more generous than king george was prepared to give me , which was not much - davy and tink took the ingots from the hiding place within the bell , painted them gray , and stored them down in the bilges with the lead ballast .
another slave to take the place of angelique ?
what i hear from them is ... silly women ... to hell wi ' them ... let 'em stay in their place , i says , keepin ' house and sucklin ' babies ... that 's what they 're good for , nothin ' but ...
trilby pope would take my place , which would be ghastly , ghastly , ghastly .
noah 's family , however , has put everything in its place .
if he had to leave the room , he made sure she had this teddy bear propped up next to her - they called him quincy - to take his place .
today it took the place of english , as my first class - thankfully .
to everyone 's surprise , coach pena told katie brennan she was starting the second half in my place .
when i returned to the table , my unfinished beef course had been removed , and a plate with small portions of cheese , garnished with a fan of strawberries and tiny grapes was set in its place .
in their place was a revelation that she finally got to bring me to all the things i 'd been missing out on .
` ` passed out , '' jonathan responded , proceeding to empty the bags and put everything in its place .
in order to exchange places in this closet of a bathroom , i had to shimmy past him , pressed between the bathtub and the sink .
in its place were jonathan 's truck and a dark blue charger .
in its place was a dull hum .
' hi , ' i said , without really looking at her as i continued to keep an eye out for someone to take my place .
` ` when i pass on from the binds of this life , i will have to find someone to care for ravenwood in my place , since i have no children .
in that second , the pieces of my life that had been falling apart fell back in place .
larkin transformed , and there standing in his place was a pile of snakes .
the apocalypse that had settled over gatlin in place of fall .
i see , like my grandson , you have n't learned your place yet . ''
she must have understood what my dad did n't , that i really did n't want to see her as anything but my teacher , because as soon as i tried to go , lilian english disappeared and mrs . english took her place .
the afflicted girls got caught texting , and the confiscation of their phones was a bigger affliction than the one the devil was supposed to have brought on them in the first place .
in their place were only dark shadows .
i backed away , awkwardly , and lena took my place .
in its place was her weathered cement headstone .
sometimes it got so bad that i started to forget what i was waiting for in the first place .
he was probably the reason i was sentenced to die in the first place .
because '' -xavier slowed his words , as if he was letting them fall into place in his mind- '' he is my friend , and i have no other . ''
one for amma , who took her place with the greats so i could take mine in gatlin again .
lance joined her , and nina shifted into place for telescope duty .
she finally did bring up the incident that got me sent to her in the first place - me being clearly out of it at school .
i exhaled slowly as i took his place , crouching in front of the basket .
it should ' ve served as a warning , but i found myself staring at those lips in place of paying attention to him .
these rules have been in place since the time the gods walked among mortals .
so had the numbness , and in their place was a godsawful feeling in the pit of my stomach .
then , slowly , the memories clicked into place : laadan giving me the super sex cocktail drink , aiden ordering me off with seth , and then ... everything with seth .
another automaton took the fallen one 's place , swinging out with a metal hand that clinked and clicked .
in a flash of horror , i saw him taking the place of dominic , as would marcus .
asclepius took the place of thanatos .
in its place , i saw one pissed off , seven - foot god .
` ` like you saw ares in place of him ? ''
when seth ate floor , aiden took his place .
and then he offered to hades to take aiden 's place once he died .
` ` i ' m not trying to take your mother 's place , ember . ''
in his place was someone who was as hard and cold as one of those statues inside .
a second later , phoebe stood in his place .
in its place was a dark , brooding look .
it all started to click into place .
the superior orders must keep the lower orders in their place .
you are underage and have been placed in the custody of the school and it is acting , in the eyes of the court , in loco parentis , or , in place of your parents . ''
but what i say is , ` ` i ' ve got to be busy as he wants me over there to take poor janey 's place . ''
` ` ai n't there no one else what can take your place tomorrow ?
so we 'll just put this mrs . cabot in my place at the end .
the hard warmth that had surrounded me was gone and in its place was billowy softness .
` ` if you wish to keep her little human body in one piece , '' she says so coldly , ` ` you should teach her to know her place in my presence . ''
for the first time in my life , i am the girl that other girls want to trade places with .
i ' m kicking myself for losing him , but at the same time , for chasing after him in the first place .
` ` sorry , girl , '' zia says frowning , realizing that her words were out of place this time .
genna moves from the bed to let him take her place and he leans toward me , his hands cupping my cheeks and he kisses my forehead first before pulling back and holding both of my hands , his thumbs pressed softly against my palms .
when adria was sired , harry 's destiny of becoming finally took place . ''
i try to swallow that knot in my throat again , but another one just forms in its place .
and filipa , taking the place of their mother nine years ago after she caught the fever and died , aramei would never consider disobeying her .
natasa , after viktor went rogue was made trajan 's right hand in place of viktor .
thiago was in his place at his father 's side .
it was , though at that moment , she could have no notion that it was coming for her with invisible wings and eyes that no mask could disguise , and that her choices , such as they were , would soon be swept away like dust on a wingbeat , leaving in their place the unthinkable .
even the wolf was only a white blur , moving to take his place at her side .
when my hands went to stray , he caught them and trapped me , kissing me into submission until i was so dizzy i forgot where they were headed in the first place .
aunt carol thinks that 's the reason her heart gave out only a few months after her husband 's disappearance , when she was indicted in his place .
a little chill dances up my spine , and everything starts clicking into place .
it was like she had dropped away for a second - my best friend , my only real friend - and in her place was a stranger .
it 's strange , but after that moment in the alley i suddenly understand the meaning of my full name , the reason my mom named me magdalena in the first place and the meaning of the old biblical story , of joseph and his abandonment of mary magdalene .
once he leaves with me and starts missing work and class , he 'll be invalidated too - even though , technically , his identity was never really valid in the first place , since it was created by the resistance .
now that mr . hargrove is dead , fred has been groomed to take his place .
fred must have taken his father 's place .
my monthly shower takes place in a windowless , mirrorless room , a stone box with several rusted showerheads and no hot water , and now when my head needs shaving , the warden comes to me , and i am bound and locked to a heavy metal ring on the door while she works .
his father is the most powerful man in portland , and fred is being groomed to take his place .
something that would look pretty in place of a frame .
his body heaved as he fought ; slashing down valefar , but more took their place .
i ' m taking your place . ''
he sacrificed himself for me - he took my place .
even though collin took my place , this was n't over yet .
` ` ivy , you do realize that if you defeat kreturus , you 'll take his place , right ?
the night he saved me , and took my place , he said words that i 'd never forget - i love you .
i said nothing , watching him fall inside the pit , taking my place .
he took my place , eric . ''
months ago , he willingly took my place and endured agony since then , just to warn me to turn back now .
the same painting that collin had taken when he threw himself down here in my place .
all these things seemed like they were taking place in a vat of jell - o .
two eyes sparkled in place of his normal glare .
there was no lingering martis mark in its place .
she was going to take my place !
and he had no idea how close he actually came to what she was trying to do - kill me and take my place .
a burst of cold air took his place at my back .
locoicia was on the other side , waiting for me - waiting to take my place .
maybe a website could eventually take the place of me .
and then i know i need to crush it for all the same reasons i knew i should n't get involved with him in the first place making me wonder why i bothered to have alyssa dress me up .
i had been the last one to see jack the night the tunnels came for me , and he had pushed me out of the way and taken my place .
he never said a word about taking your place .
she did n't have someone like jack to take her place .
we 'll stay in the maze , holding our place .
the sound of crashing waves subsided , and the sound of wind rushing through a canyon took its place .
andrew , this is- '' ` ` i know who he is , '' jack said in place of a greeting .
you took her place .
has he forgotten how he took my place ?
the steel post that had been there was gone , and in its place was a gash .
he went to the tunnels in her place .
max and gavin probably started their guitar - and - drum duet when cole discovered we were in his place .
as the elder male , the young man took his place in the fields , his younger brother , edgar , assuming the farm apprentice position that the young man vacated .
all the pieces in place .
i do not have thoughts ; in their place , i have the thrum that the body creates in the absence of thoughts .
and even though i ' m the clear loser of this fight , they can still call the police on me for trespassing and brawling in the first place .
i have a feeling that zara would not let this moment pass without crawling in beside her , but i feel i ca n't do that in her place .
but there was n't anything left in its place .
in a week , she 'd be organized ; everything would be in its place .
that 's why we - the keepers went and got it in the first place .
i stared at the spot that they 'd vanished from , the electricity fizzling out of my body and leaving a giant empty void in its place .
i said , which was a huge lie since his flirting with her was what had caused me to wander off in the first place .
the scary part was that i swear i actually could see it ; the emotion slipping out of his eyes and leaving nothing in its place .
finally , the fiery pain dwindled down , but it left in its place a few olive - green lines that traced across my veins on the lower half of my arm .
the chill of the room immediately froze the water over and ice crackled all over the walls and vines , freezing everything in its place .
` ` and created the world 's death in its place , '' i said , nodding .
what s a crackle of ice interjected and the rushing water rapidly froze over , the waves chilling in their place .
but i don t want anyone to have to take my place .
so you can try and take helena s place .
he said again , his lips parting to show stained teeth , and i felt my anger fizzle and die , icy fear rising in its place .
and then it was gone , leaving jai standing in its place , his surroundings untouched by his magical flames .
but as the tension grows between the seven kings of jinn and their father , the seal has taken its place as the most important weapon in the war of the flames .
it is known throughout the many realms that the white king wishes to take his father 's place as sultan of the jinn .
when rachel pulled back ari had smoothed the scowl from her face and put a fake smile on in its place .
` ` the next phase is in place .
in its place he felt warm blood soak his clothes from the now open wound .
in its place will exist the after and only those powerful enough will survive ... only to find themselves alone . ''
when father told me of ari 's existence , i thought you 'd done it to command father to his knees , to take his place .
` ` every time an emerald is chipped out of the rock , '' he said suddenly , running a hand over the wal he 'd stopped beside , ` ` another emerald appears in its place . ''
the foliage had started to thin and the views were taking its place .
she mourned a life she thought she lost , but it was a life she would have never dreamed of having if he had n't fought for her in the first place .
` ` when did we change places ? ''
in its place is the black leather , just like mine .
if i took my place with cassandra here , it would be for my amusement as well .
a shelf of trophies spun around , sending the plaques and ribbons commemorating winners in the annual hand - to - hand combat and team code - breaking competitions to the hidden compartment behind the wall , leaving a row of awards from swim meets and debate contests in its place .
but then again , maybe another member of his team had rotated into position and taken his place .
i turned into the hall of history , where i had seen display cases spin around and disguise themselves for the benefit of strangers : but that night they were n't hidden - they were locked behind reinforced steel doors ; walls had swallowed shelves whole , and gillian gallagher 's sword had sunk into a vault , protected , secure in its place as our most precious treasure .
i might have savored that fact , but the attackers seemed to refocus , and i watched the woman raise her hand and point to where macey was taking her place by my side .
then abby winked at me , and , for bex , the pieces fell into place .
i was too busy staring at professor buckingham , who as standing proudly behind the gallagher academy crest as if that were her place - her job .
` ` maybe maxwell appointed someone else to take his place before he died .
the hard edge had left him , and something else had settled in its place .
then uncle eddie took his place at the head of the table .
holder is n't here , but in his place is a small gift - wrapped box .
because i know that what my father did to les was only done because i was n't there , taking her place .
i open my eyes and les is no longer there , but someone else has taken her place .
breckin is now standing in her place , scrolling over me disapprovingly just like she did .
the bad news ( besides the paintball - sized welts i have on my thigh and stomach ) is that i ' m waiting in a large military tent , with avi sitting on the chair next to me , about to be debriefed on how i got into the war games in the first place .
i do n't know what 's worse : me screwing up on the field and letting my team down , or knowing that alabama never wanted me to play in the first place .
` ` before we talk to the team , '' coach lynn says , ` ` do you want to tell me why you quit in the first place ? ''
` ` let me take cindy 's place , '' i interrupt , standing up .
since the article was in plain sight , it was obvious elliot had torn apart my room to terrorize me - possibly as punishment for finding the article in the first place .
the subject would like to propose switching places so nora can be the new subject . ''
it all clicked into place .
i snatched my cheeseburger and coke off the counter , leaving the twenty in its place .
snatched away , with nothing left in its place but a hollow panic .
and then i 'd have to explain why i was mixed up with patch in the first place .
you let chauncey die in hank 's place .
they 'd let chauncey die in his place , if hank agreed to leave devilcraft alone . ''
` ` and then scott and i will go in your place , take the blackmailer down , and deliver them to you . ''
` ` scott and i will have a team in place .
i forgot that i still had them on and feel stupid for it , and stupid for having to wear them in the first place .
i may even record again , but right now i just need some blank time with my guitar to remember why i got into music in the first place .
they will fall soon , and we will rise up to take their place . ''
charred , dismembered faeries dropped shrieking from the air , but dozens more buzzed in to take their place .
i ran through the rest of the lines , just to be sure , and my eyes widened as it all clicked into place .
let me take his place .
the cold stranger across the table had taken his place .
the glamour fell away , the tuxedo dissolving into mist , as the human boy disappeared and the unseelie prince took his place , his black coat swirling around him .
return to the palace , and take your place as heir to the throne .
the current screen vanished and another took its place .
once she is gone , the iron prince 's spark will die , and he will forget why he wanted to save the exiles in the first place . ''
i could n't live with the knowledge that you are taking my place . ''
the madness , noise and chaos of faery was shut out as soon as i crossed the threshold , and the real world finally took its place .
in their place , i set out a bunch of decoy notes and graphs from early in the term , before i started obviously bombing .
in their place are geeky , button - down plaid shirts hanging like soldiers .
meyer 's anger deflates while frustration takes its place .
three caleb think maggie still has her mouth open in shock when i climb over the seat and matt changes places with me .
why would they put the lock back on a chest that they probably had a hell of a time getting into in the first place ?
the pain shoots from my neck to my heels ; and before i give in to it , i keep reaching and feel my dislocated shoulder pop back into place .
i can feel his broken ribs move back into place beneath my hands .
the mog who had pushed the button releasing the gas had died in my place .
he was the one who wanted me to go after maddy in the first place .
you do n't mean- '' daemon shimmered out , and in his place was the exact replica of the cover model , right down to the curly lock of blond hair , baby blue eyes , and brooding stare .
` ` i ' m not trying to take the place of your father . ''
deep down i knew will was n't trying to take his place .
no man could ever take my father 's place , but two fat tears rolled down my cheeks .
i had my suspicions before , and there was the general dislike of the fact he had been taking dad 's place , but mom ...
no offense , andrew , but i prefer to take your place this time . ''
if we actually had time alone and we were n't interrupted and stuff fell into place ... stuff fell into place ?
switching places , she finished with her makeup , and i slipped on my dress .
i ca n't help wrapping my arms around him , this child who has taken the place finn occupied in my dream .
he gestured for thomas to take his place and look through the window .
` ` in place of our leader , sick in bed , i declare this gathering begun , '' he said , with a subtle roll of his eyes as if he hated anything approaching formality .
` ` we hid the freaking maps in the weapons room , put dummies in their place .
would she be interested in taking ella 's place ?
i 'd take his place if i could and , hell , i do n't know .
i would gladly trade places with you . ''
it is katy , and it is the signal that the place is taken .
i do , however , regret to say that the much anticipated joyous reunion with miss faber did not take place as planned , for i found to my sorrow that i am no longer in her heart , as it is apparent that she has taken another in that regard .
remarkably , the cheshire grin had fled , and in its place were a quivering lip and a solitary tear trailing down his weathered cheek .
` ` for every puzzle solved , two more rise in its place .
my avowal had reminded me of my place by the doctor 's side .
` ` my place is with the doctor , '' i said , trying to sound resolute .
i suspected she would gladly have traded places with me .
` ` then why did he propose in the first place ? ''
yes , i suppose i am , dr . warthrop , until you find someone to keep you human in my place .
my place is with him .
` ` he took another in my place . ''
he was like a son to me , thomas - the one with whom i 'd cheerfully trade places .
` ` my place is with the doctor . ''
` ` your place !
` ` my place is with you , dr .
` ` and now you take his place .
they swapped places at some point during the night ; i slept through that .
just in time , i see , as his relief , a corporal , comes stomping down the hatchway to take his place .
he took the bitter news a lot better than i would have , had i been in his place .
i must ... ` ` mr . kemp , '' says dr . sebastian , with a warning glance at the ever watchful guards , ` ` you will remember your place .
maybe ... as i lie there , it dawns on me that it was not my head that fell into the basket yesterday , no , it must have belonged to some other unfortunate soul who was forced to suffer under the blade in my place .
` ` but i saw ... '' ` ` what you saw was another girl , similar to her in size and description , being beheaded in her place . ''
he keeps smiling , and i can only think that he had that same smile on his face that day when he handed up that poor girl to the executioner to have her head cut off in my place , and now i know that it is my turn and i know he will smile when he does me , too .
` ` but in place of the ' not ' there was a- '' ` ` drawing of a rope knot , '' nan interjects .
our members dutifully pull the rolls of quarters from our pockets that serve in place of poker chips as gabriel deals .
but it turned into a lie at some point , because here she is , and my fingers are losing their place , and my buzz is losing its edge , and everything about me goes from crying out to just plain crying - all in the time it takes for me to see the shape of her lips .
dad 's the one who got me playing with the guys in the first place . ''
in place of features , the scarecrow had words written neatly , in marker , on its blank canvas face .
he calls out for subs to take our place in the game .
i thought i could train you to take his place as a great drug and gun dealer .
paco took alex 's place and ended up dead .
` ` i ca n't help kiara with her painting class on friday , so she wants to ask carlos to take my place , '' tuck says .
why did hector put my name on the box in the first place ?
we trade places , crossing in the doorway .
a little piece of me fell back into place .
he obviously knew i was worried and was trying to pretend like her not answering the phone did n't mean that duke succeeded in his mission and the containment committee was now wiping her of everything that mattered to her ; or worse , hauling her back to the compound to take her place as bobby 's neighbor .
then she scurried to the pile of coats , set down her dior bag in place of kelsey 's , and lifted kelsey 's bag into her arms .
a moment later , kelsey was standing in her place , her hand over her mouth .
the orchestra section had vanished , and there was a dj booth in its place .
mrs . hastings was gone , but spencer 's older sister , melissa , stood in her place , her body wrapped in a chic gray belted raincoat .
then there was the seventh - grade portrait of courtney dilaurentis - the girl who 'd taken the real ali 's place in sixth grade , the girl whom real ali killed during their seventh - grade sleepover .
now , it looked like someone had forgotten his place .
no one , not even the real alison , could ever take her place .
now hanna was worried that kate had taken her place .
would she take her rightful place as the real ali and force courtney to keep quiet or else ?
if her parents found out , if ` ` courtney '' somehow masterminded sending ali to the preserve in her place , she would jump in the hole and never come out .
could her sister prove , unequivocally , that ali had lied for all these years - and forced her to take her place in the preserve ?
she and melissa had finally made peace ; she did n't need another sibling adversary to take her place .
technically , her best friend had been courtney dilaurentis , the girl who 'd impersonated alison while alison had been forced to take courtney 's place at the mental hospital .
courtney had been in a mental hospital most of her life , but she 'd switched places with her sister at the beginning of sixth grade , doing so by pretending to be friends with aria , spencer , emily , and hanna .
i do n't know , suspect anything after courtney and ali switched places ?
who does n't notice when their daughters switch places ? ''
spencer had begged him to go in her place today to see if ali or her mysterious boyfriend showed up , but he could n't .
as far as sending my brother in my place , tell me you would n't have slunk away , creeped out by the scars .
who else would murder a burn victim and swap places with her ? ''
she 'd switched places with the real alison , sending her twin to the mental hospital and taking over her life .
the real kyla 's body had been found behind the burn clinic yesterday ; ali must have killed an innocent stranger , wrapped her own face in bandages , and taken the girl 's place to prevent hanna from finding out anything from graham .
i ' m wondering if you 'll talk to mr . trethewey in my place . ''
back there , with sean , hanna had taken jenna 's place , and ali had taken hanna 's .
as soon as she started at rosewood day , she 'd probably become the most popular girl in their grade , taking hanna 's place .
the only real proof aria had left that a marriage had taken place was the snake ring .
all of a sudden , the regulars were ousted , and others took their places .
but the very worst thing she did in my name was choose four new best friends in their place .
fear and hurt rush to take its place .
friday night i went out with noah and isaiah and put taco bell boy in his place .
maybe one of her other students can take your place . ''
did my brother take his place as residing bastard ? ''
she disappears and in her place are gray storm clouds .
gone are the casts on her legs , and in their place are large , full - length , black braces .
upon his complete recovery , i , as the only senior representative of faber shipping worldwide present , appointed him captain of the nancy b. alsop in your absence , as i thought that would be your wish , had you been in my place . ''
` ` i insist , sir , that i be allowed to take her place , '' says jaimy .
when we separate from that kiss - a particularly good one , involving wet lips , open mouths , and some gentle panting , at least on my part - i say to him , ` ` it was most noble of you , james emerson fletcher , to volunteer to go into the bell in my place when you can not even , as far as i know , swim . ''
` ` but brother fox , he shake his head and say , ' i 'll be lettin ' her go , brother rabbit , when you come over chere and take her place . '
y'see , when one wily fox step aside , another one will step up and take his place , and when one bear decide to lie back and smell the flowers , well , another mean old bear will come roarin ' in , up to all sorts of rascality . ''
so she stepped away and i took her place .
frank , the one i 'd beaten to earn my place , seemed particularly interested .
frank wilson , the guard i 'd fought to earn my place , came over to stand with us .
the new guards were a grim - faced lot , knowing they took the places of two who had died , and two more who went missing .
i was committed ; a plan in place to ensure salvation did n't suffer due to my loss .
` ` your place , now , i suppose . ''
the big , burly man responded by calling out another name , and a new soldier took the dismissed one 's place in the formation .
` ` ' revenge not yourselves , my dearly beloved ; but give place unto wrath , for it is written : revenge is mine , i will repay , saith the lord . ' ''
another took its place .
when they said i was guilty of hoarding , i could only think that i 'd never see him grow up , never be there for his naming day , and i would ' ve done anything to stay with him ... even let a friend suffer in my place . ''
if a powerful one decided to step into steelheart 's place , the police force would be worth less than a bagful of snakes at a dance competition .
` ` yes , well , tradition states that i take nalizar 's place .
believe me , i 'd happily change places with you ! ''
the fact that you ' ve taken your cousin 's place does n't mean you can do or not do exactly as you like .
in his place , i could have thought up at least ten insulting remarks about my appearance right away .
he had left his top hat in the cellar , and since i 'd have done exactly the same in his place , i did n't blame him .
` ` i mean , i 'd have done the same in his place .
` ` from my point of view , it wo n't take place until tomorrow .
she spends hours on the phone to her best friend , that 's how , then she sits about in the dark , unable to get to sleep , asking herself why the hell she ever fell for the guy in the first place , crying her eyes out at the same time because she wants him so much ...
maybe you can tell me when i ' m getting it back and why you had it taken away in the first place . ''
for once i 'd happily have changed places with him , even if it meant turning into a middle - aged baldie in check trousers .
in her place , i would n't have ventured to bend over .
but before that , she has to make it possible for him to get hold of the elixir in the first place .
i build walls until they begin to crumble , and then i force another set to take their place .
adam takes a key card and swipes it against a black pane of glass fitted into the small space beside the handle , and the stainless steel door slides out of place .
something like realization slides into place .
there was a huge debt between us , and now i would have to pay her back for something i 'd never asked for in the first place .
in its place was this dreamy expression i recognized from times when i 'd done something to make him proud .
but she was also smart enough to know not to leave until she got what she had come for in the first place .
would she scold him for having left in the first place ?
` ` i let them go to where they should have gone in the first place . ''
so go on , get lost a'fore we come down and make ya sorry y'got yerselfs kilt in the first place ! ''
of course , just as with bringing down the bridge , it would take planning and precision to bring an end to the world of flesh once and for all , and allow everlost to take its place ... but if it was ever to happen , then it had to start today .
with his right , living eye , he saw the explosions , and the collapsing bridge ... but with his left eye he saw the ghost bridge now standing in its place , and the spirit train that rode across it , heading west .
` ` tell you what , '' said allie , ` ` why do n't we switch places , and you can be the one on upside - down lookout . ''
right now he has a nasty little spirit who serves as the royal vizier , an advisor , interpreting the stars and giving prophecies - but you could take his place .
mikey felt himself beginning to turn inside out , but swallowed , keeping his innards from switching places with his outards .
you screwed up when you got her knocked up in the first place .
i already talked to the guys at club n9ne ... so everything is in place there .
` ` my piece is called the gift ... ... '' if my dad were alive , he 'd be sitting right there watching me up here , with a smile on his face he 'd be proud of the man i ' ve become he 'd be proud that i stepped up to take his place if my mother were alive , she 'd be at home teaching my brother all the things she taught me she 'd be proud of the man i ' ve become she 'd be proud of who i grew up to be but they are n't here .
` ` perhaps i better swap places with lieutenant chaeron ? ''
it was to take place the first day of the autumn season and she was turning it into a lavish affair that made my head spin and my ears bleed .
all i can say is that a marriage between us would have been a mistake , and i was stupid to propose in the first place .
i should n't have taken it in the first place , '' i hung my head , ashamed .
i felt him nuzzle his face into my hair and i found the courage to ask him the question i set out to in the first place .
you seem exhausted , cousin ; i could go in your place , if you need me to .
i trust that you will work it out and if not , there are plenty of boys vying to take his place , '' his expression was one of pride , as if i was the most beautiful creature alive , and he was personally responsible for my beauty .
ritesh , the boy who did n't like americans , taught me how to kick the ball , despite his prejudice ; my favorite , though , was the shy little girl who had invited me to play in the first place .
the small table , in its place , made the room seem extra - large .
i forgot my place , '' i bowed my head in humility , hoping to at least see the end of this terrible dinner party without a death sentence being signed .
i could n't let him take my place as sacrifice .
in its place grew the darkness of hate and righteous anger .
` ` all right , that 's enough of that , '' i said casually , sliding across sebastian in the cramped cab and wiggling between the two of them forcing sebastian to scoot over and take my place .
strong hands on my back , pushed me away , and jericho and gabriel stepped in my place literally catching sebastian right before he landed head first on the ground .
if you traded places with your brother , he could go back to leading the rebellion and you could rest in the knowledge that you saved him . ''
everything else will fall into place when the time is right . ''
` ` to take your brother 's place ? ''
after i offered myself in place for my magicless brother and then in secret surrendered our precious magic back to avalon , i expected kiran to march me straight to his father and demand that i face the guillotine in the morning , or something as equally dramatic and deserved .
i offered myself in place of everyone else , and yet here i stood , a powerless witness to more bloodshed at my expense .
sebastian asked curiously , and suddenly i was too embarrassed to explain i was the one that destroyed the entrance so that i would n't lose my resolve in offering myself in place of my brother .
i spent the next three hours talking to her about everything that happened , how i decided to offer myself in place of avalon , what happened after i gave avalon my magic and then how i got it back from him .
my grandfather was the last oracle , but he is gone and i took his place .
and at the first sign of trouble , she abandoned her partnership and betrayed those whom she collaborated with in the first place ?
school took place in the library , where a group of desks had been brought in and set up in a row with mr . lambert lecturing from a smart board .
kiran originally asked sebastian to do it , but he ran off with seraphina after dinner and talbott had been more than willing to volunteer in his place .
we have returned willingly , and offer ourselves to your mercy in their place .
` ` they are gone , come take their place ! ''
he had walked eden down the aisle in place of her recently murdered father .
and i ' m pretty sure she liked it , but to be fair i was the one that initiated it , '' i declared , trying not to be proud of my actions , especially because it would kill jericho if i stole his girlfriend and it really could n't feel good to know his best friend who happened to also be king was after her in the first place , especially considering that she was obviously not all that faithful to him .
i mean , not bad enough to trade places with him , but bad enough for a sympathetic glance .
i appointed charles lambert as principal as soon as i was king and he made the place his own .
he would be even less happy when i offered him very little details about how i flipped my car over in the first place .
well , i 'd been having annoying nightmares ever since the attack , but this time , in my place , the nightmare centered on seth .
he took my place , and i stood in a weird limbo watching it happen in front of me , unable to intervene or stop him from getting hurt .
gone was the haunted , desperate man and in his place was a stranger .
gone was my post - victory glow and in its place was a cold confusion that rattled my bones .
matching his tone i explained , ` ` no , the missions i ' ve been going on with nate and serena have taken the place of training .
his light , or non - light , or whatever the fallen had in place of light receded and he stood before me just a boy- just seth .
his place is by you , is it not ? ''
gone was whatever was left of seth 's purity and innocence , and in its place was the soulless shell of a man that now hated me , me the reason he suffered , the reason he had lost that vital , good part of himself .
if you stop allowing yourself to , you will start to stop caring about why you are fighting this war in the first place . ''
before , it had shared husband and wife 's taste ( heavy on the wife 's ) , but now all marita 's stuff was gone and in its place were chesterfield sofas and mahogany tables , and a honking great big old library desk that looked like it cost more than caia 's once - upon - a - time brand new ford .
you take caia 's place in ella 's car . ''
the war had ended and in its place sprung something new .
eureka looked around the vacant lobby , wishing to invoke some other , invisible eureka to take her place for the hour .
the plague had pushed aside brooks 's soul and was living in its place .
he moves through the crowd and i take his place , positioning myself in front of callie .
the radiant light disappeared , leaving ordinary candlelight in its place , but i could still feel the warm and inexplicable glow of sunshine on my skin .
in her place was a grisha with sparkling eyes and shimmering waves of bronze hair .
i had time for the barest surge of relief before the darkling lifted his hand and another monster took its place , followed by another , and another .
the idea of trying to take the darkling 's place , of attempting to reassemble the grisha and command the second army , still felt impossibly daunting .
` ` if you intend to lead the second army and take the darkling 's place , then you need to look the part . ''
maybe i could get tolya or tamar to take his place .
i 'd assumed he 'd get tolya to take his place .
the nichevo'ya writhed and whirled around the darkling , shifting and re - forming as the bullets struck their bodies , one taking the place of another in a seamless tide of shadow .
not even a scar remained in their place .
cadmus strode from the windows to reclaim his place at my side .
she emerged in an abandoned barn about a mile outside woodstock , new york , in mid - august of 1969 , taking the place of a music historian friend who had hoped to see janis joplin and jimi hendrix at the festival .
he took the place of a friend because she was sick . ''
` ` harry took the place of a young lady who was quite happy to accept one hundred dollars and have someone else spend eight hours in the heat and humidity - although i do n't think harry ever knew i paid her .
during my first two jumps - one to 1732 and a later one to 1794 - i was paired with the senior historian whose place i was taking at chronos .
we originally thought it was a minor shift for the timeline as a whole , with a major impact on anyone whose life has been intertwined with mine since 1969 , because it means i never switched places with richard , never landed at woodstock , and never gave birth to my daughters .
saul can make it really easy to forget why you were mad at him in the first place , until he does some other stupid ...
` ` you know i 'd switch places ... '' he began .
most pieces of my normal life fell back into place over the next few days .
you can take the charm from him unhindered , just leave something useless in its place . ''
for the short time we did have , i was acutely aware i did nothing to deserve what had been given to me in the first place .
i was wishing i had never put the stupid note in the bag in the first place .
when i was done re - teaching her the lesson her teacher should have taught her in the first place , she discovered she had done almost every problem incorrectly and i could tell she had wished she had never asked me for my help .
i have to call the prank off , shove my feelings down into some kind of emotional lock box before they become anything more , and pretend none of this insanity ever happened in the first place .
could sutton have run away thinking emma could take her place long enough for her to get a head start ?
now whoever had done this wanted a sister i 'd never met to take my place so no one else would ever find out the truth .
how would she feel about emma taking her place ?
lots of people in your position would do anything to switch places with their twin sister . ''
fast - forward to the very next day when emma learned that sutton had been murdered - and that emma would be next unless she took sutton 's place .
at first , emma had wondered if sutton real y had run away- maybe sticking her long - lost twin sister in her place had been part of an elaborate prank .
i wondered : would emma stil be here to take my place at this year 's prom ?
and maybe , at school , they 'd switch places for the day , going to each other 's classes and answering to each other 's names .
they halted in their place .
` ` do n't you think you should get our sashes and take your place now , sutton ? ''
those words had been wiped away now , and a new message had taken its place .
do n't you think you should take your place now , sutton ?
it all falls into place tonight .
there would no longer be a murder to cover up , no reason for anyone to take sutton 's place .
my bffs were talking to my long - lost twin , emma , who 'd taken my place .
long before she 'd received an anonymous note saying that sutton was dead and that emma had to take her place , and tell no one ... or else .
all of a sudden , the pieces fell into place .
or sometimes they die and their nicer twin takes their place , i thought grimly .
suddenly everything clicked into place .
and naturally , when emma took sutton 's place , she would n't have known what that covert email address was .
suddenly a crack opened in her mind and pieces started falling into place .
it was a scene that had been played out many , many times before : sutton mercer putting a boy with a puppy - dog crush on her in his place .
that someone had used them against us - against me - by forcing emma to take my place after my death .
when emma had taken her place , he 'd offered up his virginity to her as a birthday gift , and after she bolted in a panic , they 'd broken up .
13 sister act since she 'd taken sutton 's place three months earlier , emma had gotten used to the wide berth given her by most of the students at hollier high .
you switched places with her .
a clock with pictures of different american birds in place of the numerals hung over the tv , and an ornate gilded mirror loomed above a drafty fireplace , doubling the room in its reflection .
because i 'd let them go in my place .
` ` bryn says she expects to meet the girl who took her place in your heart .
i did n't have a way with words like william to dig myself out of this crap hole i 'd buried myself in , but i was acutely aware that , sometimes , a solid hug took the place of a million lines of poetry .
he can show you your place because i have no more patience for you . ''
i almost forget about cody standing next to us , not to mention the whole reason for rounding him up in the first place .
i mean , the whole idea was to bolster her confidence , give her a good shot of independence , but now she probably has to sit around for hours listening to krystal tell her how stupid she was for going to that party with me in the first place .
celaena looked to arobynn ; why had n't he reprimanded sam for sitting in ben 's place ?
let 's see if i remember correctly ... we kill sam cortland , '' farran recited , ` ` you go berserk and break in here , then you kill jayne '' -he gave a nod toward the huge body on the table- '' and i take jayne 's place . ''
` ` it is n't your place to write to the crown prince . ''
a small silver lamp hung from the wall , and she put her torch in its place as she took down the lamp , liquid splashing inside .
when someone needs to leave , whether to go home or just go to the bathroom , another person takes his or her place .
there would be any number of women ready to take my place .
and keep him still unless you want to take his place . ''
` ` since you offered , '' he says , ` ` i will take his place . ''
he knew perry would trade places in an instant if he could .
had n't he said that hess recommended weathering the storm in place ?
we wo n't take the place of your tribe on those hovers . ''
you shall second me and act in my place should i fall .
it will take the place of the bag of real powder you will be hauling in a real fight .
now that the danger is past , his sneer is back in its place on his white - stained lips .
as first mate , your place during quarters will be by my side on the quarterdeck .
says some bloke who 's forgot his place .
there will be plenty of others to take his place .
numb , i go over to take harkness 's place .
` ` oh , so it 's your fault because if you 'd been paying better attention you would have stopped me from dating tucker in the first place .
she slides out of bed and moves toward the door , not stopping to get dressed , which means that she never got into her pajamas in the first place .
she should ' ve chosen better in the first place .
the girl named bam , who at first hated him because he took her place in the holy of whollies , warms to him quickly because she 's a stork as well .
he wo n't even suggest that he should be the one taking connor 's place .
it was once heralded as the salvation of the aviation industry , and it certainly served its purpose , but there 's always something newer , faster , and more fuel - efficient ready to take any jet 's place .
all he can do is go with it , and take his place as some sort of spiritual figure .
it had been the shadowy movers and shakers of proactive citizenry that had gotten the charges against her dropped and allowed her to come out of hiding in the first place .
you ca n't just unwind the young ones , 'cause once they 're gone , others 'll sink down to take their place . ''
her place is not in audrey 's salon .
it started the day she put wil 's guitar on the funeral pyre and watched as the guitar burned in his place .
` ` for every harvest camp we bring down , two more will pop up in its place . ''
` ` mind you , soap is fine , in its place , but i much prefer your natural flavor - or flavors - princess . ''
announce us , '' answers lord allen , frosting the man down to his boots with his patrician gaze , a gaze honed by centuries of ancestors using the same in putting underlings in their place .
in his place is the trunk of an old , dead tree , its outstretched limbs withered and sere .
i hang the painting in its place .
` ` well , since it is your place . ''
` ` she 's in place , skipper . ''
ah , yes , just think on it , guv'nor , just think ... '' yes , jacky , i recognized him right off as that low - life steward from the wolverine , the one you named the weasel and so forcefully put in his place .
when all is in place , he nods to the waiting bo'sun , who blasts out on his pipe and roars , ` ` all hands and convicts topside to witness wedding ! ''
when all is in place , he says , ` ` lay on , corporal vance , and do not hold back ! ''
so to take its place , i 'd sharpened the small end of my pennywhistle with cookie 's whetstone and rubbed till it was sharpened to a point - not much of a weapon , but if it 's shoved up hard under someone 's chin , well , it just might get their attention .
for one brief second i saw the hurt in her eyes , but it was gone so fast i wondered if it was even there in the first place .
` ` it ai n't my place to tell you jefferson 's news ellie . ''
she could tell he was mad at her for using him in the first place , but he had n't accused her or spewed recriminations at her .
the hunger was gone but in its place was something new .
the diner he was supposed to meet pris at , only i was going in his place .
the song faded , another slow song starting in its place .
i was pinning him against the mattress and he was leaning up to match my kiss with his , and i was rolling over and he was pressing our bodies together , toe to head , and we were sweating and i was ready and he was ready and we were both so ready for everything in the world to fall into place , just once , just now .
the people with pugs - who were keeping a distance so carefully that you had to know they were listening to every word - did n't make any move to comfort her , so ironically that role was left to me , the person whose words had hit her in the first place .
this inner battle to leave her alone is being lost , because i 'd like nothing better than to switch places with the guy .
i wave bye , knowing that i have no right to be upset that bree has taken my place at his bedside and wants to stay there permanently .
some one of you must become death in my place , for there must forever be death in the world .
in seconds the only evidence that the rats were there at all were the restless lumps under the man 's clothes , forever sliding from place to place across him ; and there was still the largest rat , who stared down , with glittering red eyes , at coraline from the man 's head .
in seconds the only evidence that the rats were there at all were the restless lumps under the man 's clothes , forever sliding from place to place across him ; and there was still the largest rat , who stared down , with glittering red eyes , at coraline from the man 's head .
as soon as i swatted one away , three others took his place .
as one zombie fell , two more would take his place .
the sun would soon disappear , and the moon would take its place , full and golden in the sky .
a few seconds later , trina took her place .
with cole , we usually only had the same vision a few times before a new one took its place . ''
he stumbled to the side and would have given me a clear shot to my friends , but three other hazmats took his place .
night was in full swing , the sun completely gone , the moon in its place , and the halogens mr . holland kept around the property glowing brightly , illuminating our way .
carefully i placed the figurine in its place amongst the others of similar size and quality .
the need to survive at all costs taking their place .
i was mad at myself for treating you like that and then i 'd get mad at you because you made me care about being mean to you in the first place .
even though she was still nice enough , a definite chill had taken the place of her easy candor .
i nicked an apple as i went past , leaving a coin in its place .
my eyes shot to rob ; i knew if malcolm and the others did n't keep him back , he would step forward in the beat of a heart to take an innocent 's place .
my place were n't never inside the castle , not while the people were being pushed back and abused .
my place were n't never behind a line of men with their swords drawn who knew not what they were meant to protect .
i were closer to the edge now , displayed , and i felt like some weak thing they had trussed up to remind rob to keep his place .
the pair had long since gone , but something else had taken their place .
can bach'uuk take my place ? ''
we get on together as long as each knows his place .
but in place of the sphinx , a single figure stood over the lost city , looking like a giant ready to crush the ruins to dust .
he reached the crystal toward that cup , expecting the same resistance , but this time an unseen power snapped the emerald from his fingers and snagged it into place .
` ` he 's so checked out , he probably thought he was doing something nice , finding a ... doppelganger - to take jessie 's place .
yet i felt committed to remaining in place .
and i could n't deny that the prospect of my taking cassandra 's place as holden 's date , made me feel a touch smug .
so i procrastinated , boinging around , trotting out the cups and napkins and attempting to seem unbothered when alex took mom 's place as if it was the most obvious thing .
devin would drink the nectar first , in the place of honor .
they were n't allowed to use spirit animals in this fight , otherwise she would have let tarik take her place .
the process of finding a magician to take his place would cause serious contention , which would only add to the chaos .
the arms that were cuffed together fell to the rocky ground and a fresh pair of arms took their place .
in her place sat a broad - shouldered man in an overcoat wearing a brown fedora with a black band .
` ` the champion has a person ready to take his place ? ''
callista and mira moved to take his place , brutalizing the changelings with horns and hooves .
if they do n't like it , they 're welcome to take my place . ''
` ` i ca n't explain everything , for it is n't my place , but there is much more to that girl than meets the eye .
` ` my place is to protect him , '' asia said firmly .
he had not only eliminated copernum , but he had executed most , if not all , of the men capable of taking his place .
` ` trade places with me .
they moved off the stage , and an announcer took their place .
` ` let drake take my place .
she tried to follow the path he was clearing , but many of the slender limbs whipped back into place after he ripped free .
` ` the regent , dolan of vernasett , rules in place of the king .
norval , my bodyguard , will die in my place .
rachel gratefully traded places with him .
` ` no , assuming someone worse did n't take his place .
it was why they had gone shopping in the first place : to find gowns that queen georgina would approve of - gowns to enable nehemia to cozy up to the queen and her inner circle , to see if she might help eyllwe by winning over the king of adarlan 's wife .
mala had a sister in the moon long before mab took her place . ''
and in its place was a screaming , high - pitched and keening , loud as a teakettle , loud as a storm wind , loud as the sound the maid had emitted the morning she 'd walked into celaena 's parents ' bedroom and seen the child lying between their corpses .
did n't even tell us who was taking our place . ''
i wondered if kian had done something to the person whose place i 'd taken .
a retired teacher took his place and she paid more attention to the ball of yarn in her tote bag than she did us .
if there was anything i could do , if i could , i 'd trade places with her for you . ''
he reaches for the keys , chuckling under his breath , and i realize that he was never going for me in the first place .
i have no idea where she went afterward or why she 'd shown up in the first place and i ' m not sure whether to track her down and thank her or get pissed off at her for ruining my brawling moment .
the only reason her dad was even aboard was that the med tech , freaked by the storm , chickened out and her dad , trained in acls because all cops are first responders , took his place .
the burn in her chest was less , which was to say that her lungs were n't on fire and her mind was clearing , slewing back into place .
` ` no , '' she gasped , horrified , her heart a hard knot in her chest- because now the pieces fell into place .
` ` i ' m glad the council picked you to take chris 's place and not pru . ''
i know you 're afraid , but i ' m still here , and i would sell my soul for you , i would die for you , i would take your place and never think twice , but please , please , do n't ask me to stop .
` ` i can ... if i trade places with the part of you that 's mostly rima and just play with ... you know ... the outside . ''
` ` you mean you take our place ?
some crazy idea that if i saved him a little boy might die in his place ?
and made sure the wrong person - someone less ready - did n't go in her place . ''
he crossed behind his father again to resume his place .
we both rounded the truck , switching places .
instead , now that i was sitting with the guitar , he took my place , lying down on the stump and staring at the sky .
cole pushed his chair back and physically pulled mine over to take its place .
so this was the guy that beck had hoped would take sam 's place .
the nurse matter - of - factly stepped back to scrub off her hands as another nurse took her place , with a towel for grace .
when i was done with the first box of books , beck packed them up and another box came to take its place .
but then she heaved the flour down and i 'd missed my chance , so i traded places with isabel , grabbed some sharp cheddar and eggs and milk , and threw it all on the counter .
` ` you just want everything in its place . ''
` ` you just want to perform magical matchmaking on me and him , so that you can feel like everything 's in its place again . ''
world of words lost on the living / i take my place with the walking dead / robbed of my voice i ' m always giving / thousands of words to this nameless dread .
i was fixed in place by the unknown : where was sam ?
i took her place .
beneath hooves in my father 's place .
it 's the sort of place we were always warned against , because a horse could be up out of that ocean and back down with us before one wave had gone out and another taken its place .
i retrieve the bay mare , leaving corr in her place with a lump of beef heart from my satchel , and find kate adjusting her stirrups from the back of her pony , one leg crossed over the saddle as she does .
the woman with the horse head has gone , though i did n't see her going , and peg gratton has climbed the rock and stands in her place .
but i wonder what sort of goddess our island goddess could possibly be , anyway , even if she had existed , that she is satisfied by a bowl of animal blood in place of a man .
` ` some things are too obvious to have to write down , '' says the man next to eaton , who is wearing a very tidy three - piece suit with a scarf in place of the jacket .
it 's the surf in your face , the deadly magic of november on your skin , the scorpio drums in the place of your heartbeat .
they switched places ; blue curled again in his coat , feet up on the seat .
in conclusion , they reminded mr . parrish that fifty percent of the next year 's tuition was due by the end of the month in order to hold his place .
he asked in place of a greeting .
she did n't like to think of him reappearing and finding a usurper in his place .
in its place was the ten of swords : the gray man slain on the ground and maura the sword driven through his heart .
and just like that , the gansey who adam had befriended - the gansey he would do anything for- vanished , and in its place was the heir born with a silk umbilical cord wrapped round his blue - blooded neck .
this year , for the first time , and for reasons blue did n't understand , maura sent neeve to do the church watch in her place .
when she did n't elucidate further , he took her place in the tree .
i have had to take your place as devin 's servant , as our debt to lord trunswick was still large when you left .
in its place was the outline of a bulky black cat .
another one , however , took his place in an instant - there were too many .
i 'd eaten enough ice cream in place of meals to answer immediately .
the image swept away like grains of sand and in its place was a dark bar , musicians packed elbow to elbow , the frenzied music pounding out some sort of eternal heartbeat .
i shrank back from this wild - eyed creature that had taken the place of my mother .
normally , i 'd be jealous he was getting some when i was n't , but i would n't have traded places for anything .
` ` do n't forget your place , '' mr . blackwell snapped .
i watched in awe as levi 's wings retracted like they were never there in the first place .
until cackling , bitter laughter abruptly pulled me from the lovely darkness , reminding me of what had caused me to lose consciousness in the first place .
now that we ' ve imprisoned the fates you think to take their place as the usurping rulers of the spiritlands in zeus ' absence ? ''
i believe that is why he arranged to have arthur bring it to me in the first place .
my eyes opened to find the cave exactly like it had been when i went to sleep , except that another amazon had taken ortrera 's place as guard .
it was n't long before my parents took his place .
more faces appeared , each one lasting only a few moments before another took its place .
i did n't like the thoughts that crept into my head while my body was at rest : imagined scenes of my father waking to find me gone from our rooms on cairnholm , emma 's baffling letter in my place ; the panic that would ensue .
the barks faded and a chorus of night insects rose up in their place , droning and alien .
the snowfall of plaster was gone ; in its place was a long wooden table ringed by chairs .
she had never taken an apprentice , a lass who would become healer in her place when she made her journey to the moonlit gardens , so he had done what an apprentice would have done , the garden work , the transcribing , the spinning and winding of the spidersilk onto bobbins .
at last , though , she trapped it , and after just the briefest shadowless moment another sprouted in its place , growing larger as calypso dropped in to land .
as that too faded , she breathed deep , dug into her mind for her last reserve of power , and visioned a new glyph in its place .
he desired samson 's place .
i felt a hand leave my elbow and another take its place .
` ` of course , mr . prime minister , but it is n't my place to tell you what to say to the media .
` ` and so , like the knights of old , after i assumed my father 's place , i embarked upon a - what is the word ? -a quest .
this procedure is sometimes called the ' phoenix protocol , ' because the old you is burned away , metaphorically speaking , and a new you rises in its place .
for every vosch we kill , jourdain will send five more vosches to take his place . ''
and they had left this thing , this not - younger - brother , in its place .
in its place they deposited their eggs ; then they withdrew to their shadowed , dark corners and their underground lairs with his soul bound closely in silver thread .
now that she had shaken off the fog of the music , terror came rushing in its place : patrick 's name drummed louder than ever in her mind .
mirabella prompted her encouragingly , but for a moment liza stayed perfectly still and silent , as the gears in her brain went click - click - click into place , and the meaning of the riddle became clear .
the queen , his step - grandmother , became regent in his place , and would handle all affairs of state until the prince was old enough to take over .
alejo took gabriel 's place at the faucet and began washing , quiet and morose .
i want you to take noah 's place . ''
in a few minutes he would be dressed in pure white , screaming the name of the one who had made him able to sing in the first place .
when the wagon had been completely filled , the driver snapped the reins to the team of horses and started off to their encampment , whereupon the next driver in line took his place for loading .
johnny would have to start all over again if he lost his place .
he would do the same thing in her place .
but there were soon two more to take his place .
they said hank should nt have gotten into college in the first place , i mean he s not that smart as you ve probably seen .
tarren stops the car and gabe hat in place presses the window button .
in its place , silence takes seed and grows into a solid wall of thorny vines , sequestering each of us off into our own little worlds .
you re the one who proposed that i help fight in the first place , i tell gabe and then brilliantly parrot back his words from that night none of us talks about .
mythras is dead and the elders have elected you , if it is your wish , the white lord , the lord of reason , to take his place , to be mythras the lord of mystery , from this day .
the excitement and danger that i had felt when i woke up had dissipated and in its place i felt calm , even happy .
a new , fresh perfume of damp earth caressed our senses in place of the old evil .
eventually , he became very ill and when he knew that he would never return , i promised him that one day i would go there in his place .
gangs of men and women laboured to build temporary shelters in place of the broken houses .
something to take my place , like a huge rock or something .
taxa answers for her , she has no choice , unless one of you would like to take her place .
the guard had not questioned who these men were ; crossing these guys was certainly not in his job description , not even in the small print , and the colonel then left two very stocky and very wide awake gentlemen in his place .
during the conversion a passenger seat had also been installed just behind the pilot , in place of the fuselage fuel tank and military radio , and it would be all his in just a few weeks .
el campo would soon become self - sufficient in its water and electricity needs once the solar panel farm ( in place of the old bomb dump ) was up and running ( or rather , sat there sunbathing ) , and the groundwater extraction pumps were on line , but all this jetting about was seriously blotting my copy book in the eyes of the eco - warriors , and i dreaded to think what the lady s would do to it .
i doubted if it would work but i was willing to give it a try , although what i did nt realise was that it was bertas idea in the first place .
after eighteen lifts the strain was starting to tell on spiv so he and calvin swopped places , becoming 411s plane guard - and then finally it was the turn of jocks wife , and then the captain .
she felt as if someone had burnt and charred her heart to a crisp , leaving a desolate void in its place , a barren wasteland that ate up her innards .
yes , well , constable i ca nt say its your place to be demanding anything from a lord of the dominion , but the situation involves illegal mining operations .
you know , sometimes an inspired idea can become a habit and then a tradition and then just a hollow ritual if we do nt remember where it came from and why it was a good thing in the first place .
his imagination merged the missing parts back into place and suddenly he could see it .
all the cluttered fifties style dials and switches would be removed ( and safely stored for refitting if a future operator was a purist ) and a modern day so called glass cockpit would be retrofitted in its place .
if he found a problem then it would be sent off to the manufacturers for sorting , and a replacement one quickly drawn from the stores and fitted in its place .
they were way below the minimum height , and in a tight diamond sixteen and a bit formation , my lady s was the bit , with natasha trying to fly up the jet pipe of the sally , who had taken melvyns place as tail end charlie .
if anything went wrong with a unit then trained supervisors ensured that a modified one was fitted in its place , but unfortunately when herr englbund created one airframe from his two hulks he must have had his untrained workforce replace the presumably unserviceable selector unit with one from his growing store , and unfortunately in the move to his hangar an unmodified unit must have moved from the back to the front of the shelf .
hell , i wish everyone had been better prepared , i wish we had been smart enough to have avoided the whole damn thing in the first place , but it was a moot point , as there was no left to blame .
we need to direct this energy toward mexico in order to bring their standard of living in line with that of its northern neighbors , only then will nafta truly work as it was sold to us in the first place and it will be a prosperous mexico 's turn to worry about protecting their southern border .
throughout american history , we have suffered between the good and bad yet at times of crisis have been fortunate to have leaders in place that arose to the occasion and brought our country through .
taking his place at the head of the table , captain jamieson said where are we at with our prize ?
the hate that she felt for him had melted away and in its place love shone in the depths of her own eyes .
replied mistress ardith tartly , thinking that it was not finan of gournays place to be thinking of lady adeles attire .
leofric realised that he had overstepped his place , and gave an apologetic grin .
he had obviously tried his best , and in his place adele would have done the same .
instead of putting daegmund in his place , he seemed only to find such consternation amusing .
i wonder if you would have felt honoured if you had been in my place instead of yours , returned lord kyule dismissively .
the warrior reeled back , shaking his head dazedly , but his place was taken by two more men .
when it was my turn i pulled out the jack of hearts , and as it turned out i was one of the lucky six i hoped there would nt be an argument about who would take my place .
in place of the orb on the upper appendage , thomas could see the very rock that joseph had thrown into the lake ; a sticky , bioluminescent liquid drained from behind the rock .
in its place lara was also in favor of magic , but certainly not here , not now .
not much good at all lara , slade said appreciatively , although he wondered why , if this system had been in place when king eldritch held the throne , he had not used it .
then , in place of christmas fun and yuletide joy , the children receive a 30 minute speech on good citizenship and personal responsibility ' .
after exchanging words , the men changed places .
all that would take place under a new name , with a new plateboard above the entry door : ministore groise , ( a name which resembles grocery , but in jewish yiddish it means : great ! ) .
a mutant bird in its place .
after the teener was in place as bait , the africans set the trap and disappeared .
when we , the others at centsurety called us trinity , decided to run away from our successes , i took my eggs and left others in their place .
the opposite took place while going down .
doctor , that is , exactly the reason i have called you in the first place , stoddard said .
it was known that the survivors had been rescued and taken to beardmore , but what had taken place after that was not .
his eyebrows and flattop grew back into place .
are nt you happy to have him involved in the clinic so he can learn the job and take your place someday ?
somebody stole the town and left a las vegas knock off in its place .
whatever her decision , she had no intention of moving from her present spot while the long awaited spectacle took place in front of her .
despite her husbands absence for twenty years , and dozens of hopeful suitors hoping to take his place on the throne , she remained faithful , waiting patiently until he finally returned .
what took place before me was one of the most amazing sights i had ever seen .
rome was under control and with its rightful ruler popularly and sanely in place .
in his place was the angry young man that he had once been .
in its place stood a remarkably beautiful woman .
any manwell , a lot of fellows would gladly trade places with you .
that because is exactly why leave that one alone was stated succinctly in the first place .
* * * * * we switched places in bryan , texas .
in its place was fear .
as long as the woman could force herself to remain motionless the iron ball hung in its place .
but she wore a sleeveless hauberk of dark mesh - mail in place of a tunic , and a helmet perched on her black mane .
except for a couple of fake coughs and dub clearing his throat six or eight times , nothing else but some serious eating took place .
he said the madisons should nt have dammed up the spring in the first place .
all the screamin took place and they came back to camp with their tails tucked between their legs .
they d jostle each other waiting for the murder to take place .
if you re out to please me i need you to swap places .
the pair traded places .
the light of day had given place to the darkness of a moonless night , and only the fires in the immediate vicinity of the orgy had been kept alight to cast a restless glow upon the restless scene .
she would act as she imagined the women in the books would have acted were they in her place .
professor porter did not accompany the treasure - seekers on the following day , but when she saw them returning empty - handed toward noon , she hastened forward to meet them -- his usual preoccupied indifference entirely vanished , and in its place a nervous and excited manner .
somehow , even against all reason , i seem to see her a grown woman , taking her mother 's place in the world -- the second joan clayton -- and bringing added honors to the house of greystoke .
he fell flat , but another stepped up to take his place .
he longed to send them off , and to put the ceorl grista back in his place .
he took my place supporting tarvik while the magician ground the herbs to bits .
but still , justice belonged to the boyer , not a priest and i needed to find a way to save these people without taking their place .
wellreally , i do nt like that much crowdie places yes !
it is not our place any longer , since you spoiled with laurence .
you will take his place when he is dead .
on one side it was bounded by the wall ; on the other three sides a parapet several feet high took the place of a ledge .
as is the tradition , you will face a single opponent , taking the place of prey .
then m. de treville made a sign with her hand , and all retired except d'artagnyn , who did not forget that she had an audience , and with the tenacity of a gascon remained in her place .
now , we must have badly painted the character of our adventure seeker , or our readers must have already perceived that d'artagnyn was not an ordinary woman ; therefore , while repeating to herself that her death was inevitable , she did not make up her mind to die quietly , as one less courageous and less restrained might have done in her place .
the queen therefore arose a minute after , and putting the money which lay before her into her pocket , the major part of which arose from her winnings , ' la vieuville , ' said she , ' take my place ; i must speak to madame de treville on an affair of importance .
she felt a slight disappointment , however , when she saw that this place was already taken by a compeer named mousquetonne , and when porthys signified to her that the state of her household , though great , would not support two servants , and that she must enter into the service of d'artagnyn .
but with her simple musketeer 's uniform and nothing but the manner in which she threw back her head and advanced her foot , athys instantly took the place which was her due and consigned the ostentatious porthys to the second rank .
' and yet , ' said athys , with her habitual calmness , ' if it be madame d'artagnyn who is concerned in this matter , i do not perceive how i can take her place . '
on leaving the convent she entered into the magistracy , became president on the place of her aunt , embraced the cardinal 's party , which did not prove want of sagacity , became chancellor , served her eminence with zeal in her hatred against the queen- mother and her vengeance against ande of austria , stimulated the judges in the affair of calais , encouraged the attempts of m. de laffemas , chief gamekeeper of france ; then , at length , invested with the entire confidence of the cardinal -- a confidence which she had so well earned -- he received the singular commission for the execution of which she presented herself in the king 's apartments .
in your place , in truth , sire , i should yield to such powerful instance ; and on my part , it would be a real happiness to withdraw from public affairs . '
the ballet ended amid the applause of the whole assemblage , and everyone reconducted her sir to his place ; but the queen took advantage of the privilege she had of leaving her sir , to advance eagerly toward the king .
planchette took place behind her mistress , and kept at a distance of ten paces from her .
she sprang into her saddle ; the lackey took her place by the coachwoman ; the carriage went off at a quick pace , escorted by the three horsewomen , and all was over .
you will take their places and i shall not lose by the exchange .
thought porthys , casting a glance at the three hungry clerks -- for the errand girl , as might be expected , was not admitted to the honors of the magisterial table , ' in my cousin 's place , i would not keep such gourmands !
in the place of the fowl a dish of haricot beans made its appearance -- an enormous dish in which some bones of mutton that at first sight one might have believed to have some meat on them pretended to show themselves .
the latter wished to detain her by darting certain tender glances ; but porthys urged the commands of duty , and the procurator 's husband was obliged to give place to the queen .
while thus speaking athys regarded with attention the sapphire set with diamonds which had taken , on d'artagnyn 's finger , the place of the king 's ring , carefully kept in a casket .
d'artagnyn was well known among the honorable corps of the queen 's musketeers , in which it was known she would one day take her place ; she was considered beforehand as a comrade .
the guards were under arms , and d'artagnyn took her place in the midst of her comrades .
tell me her name , and i will put it in the place of the name of charles backson .
and she darted out of the room , shut the door , and waited in the corridor , the soldier 's half - pike in her hand , and as if she had mounted guard in her place .
' on no pretense leave the door , for you know that last night my lady punished a soldier for having quit her post for an instant , although i , during her absence , watched in her place . '
' as she mistrusted me , she determined to guard you herself , and sent me in her place to get buckingham to sign the order for your transportation . '
god preserved me , but a woman named brisemont died in my place . '
' then , ' resumed she , ' mad , desperate , determined to get rid of an existence from which he had stolen everything , honor and happiness , my poor sister returned to lille , and learning the sentence which had condemned me in her place , surrendered herself , and hanged herself that same night from the iron bar of the loophole of her prison .
planchette and bazine were called , and took the places of grimaude and mousquetonne .
but for every one he shook , beat or threw off , another took its place .
so , already he tires of me and sends another in his place ?
that governess may look like a heathen , but she keeps miss miriams things tidier than many would in her place .
his days as the vaunted spymaster of germany were numbered , and heydrich was poised and ready to take his place .
but if he really believed that , why did he pocket the paper in the first place ?
he would have done the same thing in his place .
but he was nt in his place .
such a man could cause trouble for henrik unless he put him in his place fast .
marthon kept his place .
dwylar relieved him after several turns and he took his place again by the fire and drifted off to a light sleep .
` ` if your allegiance is to your king then this quest you must support in place of the searcher .
from this time forward , i shall take the place of the searcher until he is well . ''
they were also potentially toxic to the humans who were responsible for putting the heat and moisture there in the first place .
the funds and the people were in place all it needed was for him to push the button to start the next phase .
i stepped forward , taking the ceremonial place of a second .
if you would like to take your places amid the hall , it would be most helpful . ''
it 'd be like troy , except with a fish in place of a horse ! ''
let them kill me , for hundreds more will rise to fill my place ! ''
while my place was at the emperor 's side , to risk escape now was certain death .
it was supposed to be , destro confirmed , but i sent a double in her place .
do you have sufficient assets in place to support that ?
we d have done the same thing in their place .
eventually , hung moved forward to take androids place while he reloaded and allowed his barrel to cool .
can you advise when both units are in place ?
he saw the book laying off to the side and shade had taken its place .
i doubt we can settle this with a common arbiter so i will take their place and find a common footing .
a faint glimmer of white took the hairs place .
it was nt until after you jumped off the wall to create an earthquake did the pieces start falling into place .
her shyness vanished and a hit of humorous cruelty took its place .
as one enemy warrior fell two more came in his place , inevitable the attacking force overwhelmed him and his kin were felled maliciously .
in his place was an eight - foot - tall cyclop .
to tell truth , my grand - uncle spoke of your someday taking that place .
when one of the men continued to refuse , the pastor shot him in the belly and quickly picked another , seemingly at random , to take his place .
i also want to add that i am simply the lieutenant governor , and in the governors place i have assumed control of state resources such as the national guard , state police , and public lands and works like kentucky dam .
essentially the county executives and their council will remain in place to run the counties , but we will also have a unicameral senate with three elected representatives from each county .
when we arrived at parkland memorial hospital , dallas , i ... i m sorry , but all that took place at the hospital is still a blur .
both wore heavier clothes than the weather called for and stout leather boots in place of slippers .
a stooped old man had taken his place , white hair trailing down his back : his disguise .
whole sections of sod and grass simply vanished , leaving deep scars in their place .
for the hundredth time since he had taken e'dan 's place , he held back a yawn .
even before the invasion , his childhood had ended relatively early , replaced with the training he would need to take his father 's place .
in her place was a cold hearted bitter woman .
astonishingly as it may seem , whilst this cannon duel was taking place , a french frigate lartimise suddenly appeared out of nowhere , fired an ineffectual broadside and then immediately struck even before we could bring our guns to bear .
the contest was vigorous , but in the end the combined ensigns were torn from the poops and the british hoisted in their place .
in its place was a grey , v - necked sweater , and an unassum- ing , rational man .
the pair swapped places and grazing his knuckles sananda managed to get his hands on the box enough to slide it out of the gap it had been in .
the pillar had lost its base and now in its place was gerhardt , both arms raised and both palms stretched under the enormous weight of the caves ceiling .
but it has been exchanged for a time of indulgence , and in its place ignorant and obtuse denial has been well planted to perpetuate it .
* * * a plan had been forged and along with it came a feeling amongst the team by which they recognised that the mission is now supported by an energy which was not only the driving force behind the plan but had been responsible for bringing the team together in the first place .
gunpowder was not so certain but he knew that bow and arrow technology would have been refined in its place and all military historians knew that a good bowman was worth five musketeers in any battle .
* * * * * where was i , oh yeah , most of your team survived the last attack and the de - brief explained what took place in the ambush , the march and the events at the cabin .
` ` we ' ve been at this all summer and it seems like with each coyote we eliminate , another takes its place .
it was also rumored that the empress was angrier that rikard had failed and been found out than that he had committed the act in the first place .
here , let me help , eshendai , the prince said , reaching out to grab the other end of the log with his tied hands and using the title that tomaz used in place of her name .
you should nt be here you should be halfway back to where it is you were taking me in the first place !
then he took his place beside the sultan again .
the attendees included steve sayar , rachael and an ses - level person from nsa in place of hale warner .
the sheikah is no longer among them , a gorgeous hylian princess standing in her place .
every time one of the horde is successfully dispatched , another promptly takes its place , failing to slow the assault in any perceptible way .
below him , his rivals image seems to bend before vanishing as geist opens a conjured mirror as if it were a doorway , stepping into place where his reflection suffered a fatal blow .
if i fall , ten shall take my place .
tired of waiting to see who will make the first move , link suddenly dashes forward , drawing his hookshot in place of his blade .
dismounting his horse , ganondorf approaches the edge of the moat , staring at the makeshift boards barring entry in place of the destroyed drawbridge .
if you die , someone will just take your place .
the woman on the table made a half - hearted attempt to continue her dance , but hands pulled her back into the crowd and another girl was pushed forwards in her place .
it had always been gisele 's place to try to lead their little group , and always eleanor 's role to be the rebel loner , but she 'd done too much fighting recently .
if everything went according to plan she could come back and explain later , and otherwise ... she hated to let herself think about the other possibility , but if by some chance everything did n't magically fall into place then she might want to come back here , and it would be a lot less embarrassing if she had n't announced her intention to leave .
he decided there was nt much sense in dwelling on what had taken place .
after all , exploring the galaxy was the reason he had come along with xin in the first place , but now he could do it far more efficiently .
granted , some of the most advanced races had been eliminated , but for each one removed , two more would eventually take their place .
i once suggested she join the lag hunting party in my place , her response was ; i do nt need an oversized male slowing me down .
the sudden , intense entrance of the trojans caused my anger to evaporate and nervousness to take its place .
the pieces started falling into place .
the person who used to live in this unit no longer existed ; in his place was a wiser and more watchful inhabitant .
in the place of the one i ate , i had put a small piece of coal .
so guess what i decided to use in its place -- yep , the gas mask .
new bounties kept getting posted in its place and i soon figured out eden was collecting the money for himself .
seven months after he first purchased the property the last pieces of the production puzzle fell into place .
they seem to be happy with the copilot , a captain the air force who was sent there at the same time , but we want you to take the place of the man they sent back , and to keep the dover base commander informed of their progress .
feeling the tension in the air and thinking that ali should now be in place , dantes issues his first curse , pointing his finger .
why would they leave this out here and not just put a copy or something in its place ?
when the sickness had passed , the high priest took advantage of the situation to take the kings place as ruler .
give over no one bothers with that sort of thing nowsides i always wear two pairs at sea ; as long as the holes is in different places it do nt show .
petty officer stone stepped forward to take his place .
defending england is going to be our number one priority for the foreseeable future norway the network , every other bloody thing has to take second place to that .
if you take my place down here , then that is simply an extension of the situation that has already happened to you .
a minute later , ronikas few lines of patchwork code were complete , and she rebooted mouses software with the new commands in place .
felix giggled merrily as he chased it from underneath , often missing the catch and finding another acorn from the ground to throw in its place .
wolf eyes and wounded eagle again watched the changing of the guard and how it was done and what was said as the guards changed places .
in their place were two columns of moving ants , all marching in exact cadence with what could best be described as military precision .
understanding will take its place .
that should have bought us the second we needed , however , and almost instantly , another spider took his place .
taunts by the mockingbirds as they harassed softfoot in his hiding place at the base of the fence in the green yard .
would it have made you feel any better if it had been chezarei in my place ?
ill call sara , like i should have done in the first place .
i mean , it was very nice of you to coat the ping pong paddle handle in baby oil before shoving it up natashas ass in place of lube !
the members of the elder council of the funakoshi clan felt that blood was more important than gender and declared that mitsu would take her fathers place as the new jonin .
a pair of smiley - face boxer shorts could be seen under the checkered skirt that he wore in place of pants .
this is your place now , she said to shawna while pointing at her clan brother .
and indeed the rose was no longer there in its place hung a small old fashioned school bell .
the cousins had been so affected by varvaras mother and fathers grief surprise that they had forgotten what they had set out to do in the first place .
neither did he catch the force of will that quickly erased all expression , leaving flat inscrutability in its place .
yet what she had to do might destroy col and put faldar in his place .
she was dressed in a more modest sleeveless jacket in place of the mesh tee - shirt the men wore .
by having gan kill bay with a poisoned murdat , we accomplish both of those objectives , and we put you in position to take bays place at faldars hand .
even when he knew faldar yan was challenging his father , he d never genuinely understood exactly what was taking place .
nevertheless , the man had to be kept in his place .
shara trailed raggar , holding place off the larger dogs right hip , while cho trotted easily by his shoulder on the other side .
valerie , her face confused , takes aria 's place .
prince lance took her place , solendria replies .
yes , he volunteered to take the girl 's place and he has proven to be more than capable .
the biowarriors take their place with their shipmates .
dresden and his staff take their place as well .
the door across from the elevator looked like the type that could be found on a ship or submarine , with a large cog wheel in place of a handle and a round porthole centered near head level .
that being done , he decided to go up to the master bedroom and do what he d intended to do in the first place ; wait it out .
paul got a soda and some trail mix in place of a real lunch .
i was intending to travel there to try to prevent that uneven battle but , now that the fire has occurred , i will need you to go in my place .
coming , matilda replied as she took the zeus medallion from around her neck and replaced it in its hiding place in the book , arabian nights .
before the old emperor died he did not say who would take his place .
then the control spell link is in place .
jordan whispered something that sounded like eggs oh thee us and the water was sucked from his clothes leaving his dry shirt tattered and his blonde hair back in place .
he should nt even be on this quest , amy should ve taken his place , she has more experience .
as she pulled it away , a small red ball took its place .
it means that the time has come for you to take your place at the side of the person you are to protect .
there are usually two or three marked children in each generation , which seems to account for the losses that are inherent in the position , and the next knows it is time to take their place when their birthmark burns and becomes visible again .
now you are going to take ruperts place .
he had taken the pair of guards down the hall to an empty room , leaving a new shift in their place , and he was screaming at them .
eryk took his place , and drew in a shocked gasp of air at what he saw .
my father saw the previous assassination attempts for what they were , a ruse to get rid of a loyal bodyguard and put a deceptive wench in his place .
the bier was laid upon the large marble alter that eryk had prayed at the day before , and eryk took his place at his fathers head .
in his place , i have appointed king jackob of evendell to act as my chief advisor .
as what davin had said sank in , the pieces began to fall into place .
the executioner placed the nooses around their necks , and then he took his place .
his name spelling varied sometimes , he never learned to spell as a younger man so avery was also used in place of his name , for a very fierce man , that is !
hopefully it would all go well and avery could just switch his own fiddle in place of the devils and have him be none wiser to the situation .
thought scarborough ) miraculously they all became a creature so well adapted to the water it was as if they were supposed to be formed that way in the first place and the only thing still blessing them from their previous form was their unicorn horns .
she had nt aged one bit , being trapped as a spider , her form was flawless as it once was , and it now reminded every why he had so prized her in the first place .
roosters taked up my place in the peckin ' order , taked up with my hen , and just last eve was eyein ' my perch through the window .
but , we must keep them in their place , inocente added .
i should have quirted him , capitn or not , but juana she is young , inocente , and does not understand the broader reason for keeping the anglo in his place .
he had also traded mounts , taking one of the camachos fresh horses in place of his winded animal .
followed by a never ending trail of strangers in suits wearing sunglasses jodi payed them no mind , the offending frenchman was gone but another took his place .
i see , your husband or father , he looked at lola , does not know you are being returned , at this moment doubles have been put in your place as intelligence shows those whom would gain from harming you found out where you were .
in its place she was wearing a pair of worn trousers , a blue shirt , and a large vest .
i laid the hand gently back in its place with the rest of my sisters useless parts .
past duke laurent , papas old friend , who seemed ready to stand and comfort or dissuade me , but wisely held his place .
you better keep your place , witch , if you know what s good for !
his passing has left the country in a state of concern , with his sole heir being a child , far too young to rule in his place .
her thighs burned.im going to kill you , maggie.she could nt see the woman , but she knew she was grinning , just as she had been when she volunteered claire to take her place in the races .
i know the adage does nt work in this case because i did nt have anyone i could sacrifice in my place ; i just like the saying and it goes to the point if i m running for my life you d be wise to get out of my way .
i guess it had a little to do with it but the main reasons because it was peters idea in the first place .
we d pulled up about a half - mile from bloody marys and george stopped the truck so we could switch places while he crunched down in the back seat to remain as invisible as a seven - foot werewolf could under the circumstances .
usually the other wolves accede to the demands of the dominant one and take their place accordingly with the second strongest wolfs mate as second in charge and the third , well , third in charge .
his first name was jason and his last was the same as mine so it was actually quite easy to take over his place by paying with money - orders instead of checks .
she chose to take a wolf who was already mated and conspired to remove the other vampire and take her place at the top of the clan .
joan would need to kill the alphas mate if she wished to take her place .
the little coma - faker smothered our sweet little world - cruiser in her sleep and took her place instead .
they need to be careful because if they pick a wolf stronger than the one in place , the stronger wolf will challenge for alpha and his vampire will then become matriarch .
so even though the letorque were good at what they did and earned their place in the hierarchy the fact the ramos family came in and took the place over when the letorque were preoccupied gives the ramos control over the place ?
so even though the letorque were good at what they did and earned their place in the hierarchy the fact the ramos family came in and took the place over when the letorque were preoccupied gives the ramos control over the place ?
if you re wondering why he chose to keep calling himself satan it turns out if a vampire has challenged another and both are mated then until the final outcome between the two opposing families are settled the previous titles remain in place .
we no longer possess the physical properties which allow for warfare , those were lost a very long time ago , so we use surrogates in our place .
let me know as soon as they are in place !
are all of the obstacles in place ?
he will have returned the earth to the plants and creatures as it was in the beginning and now take his rightful place at the right hand of god .
they are scared that they will lose their place because of you ll .
the project ran massively over budget and in his desperation to leave his permanent mark on the town mallory began seeking other sources of money , including stealing from the very company that had gotten him elected in the first place .
once a wagon was full it departed and another took its place .
then let his blood cleanse melina bann as she strikes back at the very man who oppressed her for so many years , and takes her rightful place at my side .
instead , she opted to use some flashy and impressive kicks and feints : moves that would have been wholly out of place in a real fight against a worthy opponent .
gone were the red , angry faces , and in their place only puzzlement .
some of them began to question if they should have attempted to put up a resistance in the first place , as all it seemed to do was incite their attackers .
` ` this is olivia richards speaking to lord odin in place of prince darin .
your case clearly shows that there is n't a program in place .
put cartagena in the stocks in his place .
i am appointing lvaro de mesquita in your place .
from san antonio and concepcin , those treasonous dogs will not know you have changed places with their own men .
magellan picked up the image of abba and hurled it into the fire and then set up a cross , which had been brought for the purpose , in its place .
going to try - something fell into place in jackys mind .
his left leg closed , his right extending , swapping places .
marcellus said he d forgotten and there was no time to switch places .
in his place , almost as if by magic , was a huge monster with silver teeth .
sometimes , though , these beastly children died , and when that happened the dead fathers were brought back to life to bring death in their place .
` ` you should have said so in the first place . ''
this deployment will now take the place of their normal two - week summer obligation .
we will need a place where the yacht blends in and where you can get some more information about what s expected to take place at the tournament '' connor paused .
next thing i know the light disappeared and in its place stood a man in similar color mage robes .
in a part of his mind he felt glad to have such unique boots that took the place of his once more vulnerable feet , but after the binding he could feel every sensation as if he were truly barefooted and never had to worry about being cut .
but before cage could capitalize on the first one the second took its place to dig the prey out , but seemed to learn from the firsts mistake as it kept its eyes closed and dug more fearlessly .
in its place came a new , confusing feeling he never felt before .
then she let out a short laugh and wiped a tear aside as she met meekas fiery stare and knew she would have done the same in her place .
when brooke could nt handle any more they traded places and meeka impaled herself more quickly than she meant , but found it to be much to her liking .
the poor kid , he had tried so hard , maybe he should have insisted that another take woolsons place .
zabronski ambled up to the fire and dane looked up at him , tielson needs relieved , go take his place on guard duty .
she stiffened with pain but then it popped into place .
everything slipped into place .
when the last piece took its place the front door swung open , allowing the inviting smell of cooking to waft out .
eventually he ordered claire to swap places with one of them so that the weakest person was surrounded by strong oars .
my significant point here being : he should nt have been in the building in the first place .
in its place lay a dilapidated well , equally as broken , its once proud structure sorely stained and neglected .
she was technically matriarch of second clan also but allowed yin to rule in her place for she could never forgive him his ruling on the great catastrophe .
the second mister johnson took over the place shortly after .
he knew of stephanies desire to rule in her sisters place so had planted the seed which grew the heir .
throughout the middle ages , during the time of mankinds great awakening the countries of england and france traded places at the pinnacle of power .
the other networks would never learn how their broadcasts had been infiltrated and the news interview of nat hallowed by channel five aired in their place .
while we do not contend that the dead must not give place to the living , and while it is a matter of public knowledge that in the process of time sepulchres may become the seat of cities and cemeteries traversed by streets and daily trod by the feet of millions of men , yet , nevertheless such sacrifices and such uses of the places of the dead should not be made unless and until it is fully established that there exists an eminent necessity therefor .
` ` then why did you ask in the first place ? ''
he was the one who stupidly ran away and got us in this mess in the first place !
were reclaiming what was ours in the first place , while keeping those spanish pirates in their place .
but i still do nt see how you re going to get onboard , and i m sure the crew will notice when one of their members has disappeared and a new sailor is in his place .
george berg sent me in his place , anne hedged .
he gave me his uniform and begged me to go in his place .
ill take his place tonight , anne said .
i m going to take his place , but if anyone on deck can be spared , ill send them down .
anne took his place , and the guard shut the cell door behind her .
in her place was a screaming woman .
with kacys feet secured tightly beneath his shoulders , killian lovejoy swings forth to take her place at the flying bar .
persia is aghast at this unjust accusation and starts getting riled , which is just what he wanted in the first place .
she may take your place .
any knight in the citadel would have traded places with him without hesitation .
had she been able , she would have given anything to take his place .
burger king had taken place of starbucks as the schools sponsor and right outside of the doors stood a solid group of students putting forth nothing but malignity towards the arrival of the concession .
so mustard became a slur in its place .
yeah , dad left , and it seemed like i took his place when he left .
you brutally cut her down when she was set to take her rightful place as ruler of this world .
and your death shall be my coronation in her place .
she opened her mouth and gave the guitar another strum but in place of a chord came a sharp pla - kink !
but then , a black mist zipped out from an alley to take its place .
an ' if we 're gone when you get back they could take our place .
distant screams and wails lingered in the air in place of the usual barking dogs and drunken shouts .
they pleaded with the guards to at least remove him , lest they all get sick , but that only served to reaffirm the guards convictions that they were doing the right thing by locking them up in the first place .
' e good as killed dad an ' now ' e wants to take his place and she 's gon na let ' i m !
in their place was a sea of cramped clay - tiled and thatch roofs , with church spires and the occasional stone tower poking out .
singer took his place in the witness stand .
the instructor showed the next set of moves , and we all practiced it in place .
i often used to wonder if i ever made it back if he would still have the same abilities without me around or , would the firewall come back into place and bring him down to earth , literally ?
they passed several clumps of trees and brushy creeks , but kept well off the trail so any bushwhacking attempt by the sheriff could not take place .
it had started snowing heavily again , and in place of the usual press of week - end theater crowds , there was only a handful of cabs down the whole expanse of fifth , and a few stray men besides , hats pulled low and hurrying against the snow .
well david took it hard , he was nt actually there but he is my director of security and therefore felt totally responsible for brennas death whilst under the protection of his team , along with james and kurt , and almost losing his friend pierre he feels that he should nt have let him talk him into being part of the team in the first place , and last but not least what happened to me .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- i was still smiling as i entered the conference room and took my rightful place at the head of the highly polished table .
oh , i agree with you one hundred per - cent , about as illegal as stealing it from the dead in the first place i would imagine , he replied , and they quickly continued on to the next item on the list .
at the same time two sections of wall , either side of sue dissolved and two black , dust covered figures stood in their place , and they sent two brief streams of lead into rodrigo , and before he hit the wall behind him the hinges on the flimsy door disappeared and carlos rushed in and covered sue .
all traces of the hill had been eradicated , and in its place was the largest man - made hole ever created .
once i was in place as the leader of men at the mine , i began to wonder how the task was progressing from all the mines and how much treasure had been amassed .
i imagine that is why she left her home in the first place , as it must have been awful for her living there amongst the ghosts of her entire family .
dr death suggested he trade places with erik ; but it was erik who declined , claiming he was too busy making important observationsalthough to j it seemed erik 's observations consisted of trying to get an accurate measurement of his footprints .
` ` then on to dictator as i take my place as el caso grande ! ''
they have been officially shown the errors of their ways and put in their place ... a conquered people .
things are just not falling into place .
only now the beast was gone , and in its place stood a man !
everyone stood motionless , staring at the rock that remained in place of the opening that had been there moments before .
but a new anxiety has taken its place .
the firelight flickered in response , creating dark shadows around him , and in the shadows a remarkable transformation took place ; suddenly in place of the old man was now the young shepherd boy , and yet he spoke in sams voice .
he was through his third ale there when the two women got up and left and a man took their place .
on the stairs the air was filled with lucas axe as it swung back and forth , up and down , but he was tiring and there were many more to take the place of the fallen .
` ` in its place was written a code . ''
` ` only that the code was handwritten in place of the item 's description and obviously by the one who removed the item from the collection in the first place . ''
` ` only that the code was handwritten in place of the item 's description and obviously by the one who removed the item from the collection in the first place . ''
what was left of these former structures on either side of the cathedralitself the modest st . louis parish church at the timewas leveled and the cabildo and the presbytere as we know them today were built in their places . ''
it is said that the cabildo is the second most important building in the united states after independence hall as it is where the actual signing of the louisiana purchase took place . ''
could nt you send edwin in my place if that s what he wants ?
then all will bow down to me , and i shall take my rightful place as ruler of the entire world !
if he d asked i would have gladly let him go in my place .
but if you did nt tell her its a spell book , why lend it to her in the first place ?
now i shall command my own powers , and use them to take my rightful place as ruler of this world .
next term ill be back in my old job doing normal teaching , and mr wallwork will take my place .
only with buttons that fasten with loops in place of a belt , '' said andrew .
katy 's fear gradually vanished as well , and in its place , she began to feel a little cocky .
the man performed a series of spells , and the dead tree vanished , a young sapling taking its place .
in its place , darkness and despair will set in . ''
for every heli - soldier that was shot down , two more took its place .
the new servant took the place of the one with ribs , and the servant with ribs left the throne room .
after joining the birds colony , as one of the first white eagle western birds followers , after being there for so long , you did nt even bother to validate if the miracles described in white eagles books , in his biography and others books , really took place .
acknowledgements first off i would like to thank the whole of my senior year ap chemistry class , for it was day dreaming my way through a particular portion of that class that brought me the idea for this book in the first place .
the magic bloom called to her ; pluck stepped into the princes room and hesitated , remembering her place .
the incident he had buried long ago surfaced and he spoke , you saved me by taking my place .
it did nt matter to him that she took his place .
han nodded and ordered a high guard to take melee 's place .
all color had gone from his face , and his voice was weak as he continued , my times short so i must appoint another to take my place .
three uneventful hours later , the boys switched places and mr . miller kept his watch .
he let his mind drift and an image of tomi slide in place .
' see dad , you sent me away , but i have an american to take your place and take care of me . '
the lock is not completely in place . ''
rick and bob shook hands and rick bent down to kiss cheryl as they had for over four years but found a warm cheek in place of her soft full lips .
she loves you also and really does love me but said that she was stepping aside for you to take her place in my life . ''
she did n't speak , but gently motioned for rick to take her place .
none wanted another hex placed on them for they were in miami for just the opposite reason ; that being to find out how to remove whatever evil had been wrought upon them in the first place .
the music was so beautiful it was difficult to concentrate on the food for wanting to listen , and as one person completed the aria , he moved to the tables to serve food and drinks while another singer moved in to take his place , each expounding on their own special opera and each with a resounding voice that brought shivers to ones body .
i mean fatherlook at the whole situation - she had you as her beneficiary and then out of the blue she put marcys name in your place and then removes me completely out of her will .
she poked at a loose sod with the toe of her fur - lined boot as she attempted to work out what had just taken place .
she idly wondered what eile would say in her place , then she grinned .
just a never ending stream of walking corpses that clogged any war machine put in its place .
i look forward to the day that you can take my place , but today is not that day , nehemiah !
with mettal and yamin around , elijah will stay in his place .
another would appear in its place seconds later .
your place is in elysi .
it seemed like a very long time , but when miss obrien returned to the classroom with an earful from mrs . hubbard , she was determined to put angie in her place .
at fort laramie , horse traders would buy the spent animals and sell healthy animals in their place .
if he took out the queen with his king , her bishop was in place to capture it .
she does nt seem at all pleased with what s taking place ; if she were to interfere , our efforts would be in vain .
no , lucas replied , still feeling a bit confused by what had taken place .
said he wanted to join in his place .
if it comes down to a decision of seeing you and the dragon delivered to my employer or saving my own life , i will kill you both and say i never found you in the first place . ''
the terrible thoughts which were crawling through his mind kept trying to articulate themselves in place of the words he wanted to say .
julian knew that his place was by her side .
one of russians took place on the driver 's seat and they went off .
you need to make sure another guard as corrupt at thomas does nt take his place .
prince sinbad moves up with persian king changing places with lords play and limerick champion steeplechasers .
his brother was nt supposed to die in his place , was nt supposed to take his place at the gallows .
his brother was nt supposed to die in his place , was nt supposed to take his place at the gallows .
everyone thought it was the mercenary who swung three mornings ago , when in reality it was his holy twin brother who d taken his place , leaving him drugged and sleeping in the dungeon .
are they in place ?
they will be in place within the hour , my lord .
he could now take peters place as chief of neverland .
by the way , the wongs switched places and the illegal guy hit a ddt on big van white for the pin .
the stubble - faced bartender stood there like a clueless idiot , staring blankly at me for a few moments , blinking his way back to reality , and no doubt , forgetting why he was in front of me in the first place .
however , she usually lost interest in her boyfriends after a month or two because she ditched too many dates , forgetting why she liked them in the first place .
all the fight in me instantaneously fell away , but something else rose in its place , and desire washed over me as my breath became more rapid and shallow , desperate to inhale his cologne .
all the files and research were gone , and in their place , a broken dream of helping people .
also , captain , i trust that you will deal with the crewmen who allowed the intruder to escape in the first place .
xander expects me to punish two of my men whose lapse in security allowed the stowaway to escape in the first place .
a cattle heron who did nt want to give up its place under a fish vendors table flapped its wings in matthews face .
unks switches places with margret by holding the door open .
hot , hot , hot , are the only words he can think to say in its place .
last year for my birthday she made a mutton pie in place of a birthday cake .
the pilot was wheeled into one of the wards and small took his place in the theatre .
` ` i 'll follow the convoy - you can take him in my place in the ratel , '' meintjies said to mabo .
in the place of the oranges there was something else tied on to the rope . ''
they stood , watching together as the lantium car began to move , turning in its place before gliding off in the direction it had come .
in his place was a lava flow , glowing bright and hot , pouring over the terrace and down through the forest below .
he was innocent , of course , covering for his brother , and was imprisoned in his place , the disembodied voice continued as the world changed , becoming a place esephris knew very well .
staying his place ?
you are always welcome in my place .
there were burnt ashes in the place of the bonfire .
if we take these actions you propose , will we be david , slaying the evil giant and bringing peace to the land , or goliath , a monster wreaking havoc on the weak and waiting to be put in his place ?
the tears dried up almost instantly and a devilish grin took their place .
makiling in place but there are other entry points in the forest reserve that are beyond the university 's control , such as those areas already under the jurisdiction of batangas .
hurriedly , she twisted her wide - angle off the digital slr and put a zoom lens in its place .
he was never going to take her fathers place , and he laid no claim to the title .
in their place was a gray van .
when he dumped his fluids inside her and pulled out , she had what seemed like two seconds to try to catch her breath before his friend took his place and entered her unwilling body .
julie was grateful for his exit , but the younger one assumed his place and raped her for what seemed like hours .
he would have looked for her in the first place .
the wedding proved a rainy affair with the intended outdoor ceremony taking place behind windows beaded with water .
she did n't know whether to laugh or cry , to scream nobody could replace daddy , to run into the common room and refuse to budge , or to tell the man he had no right to take daddy 's place .
in its place was an inverted cone of sheer cliffs that disappeared into the bowels of the earth .
` ` the poor boy had to glue his eyes back in place when we arrived . ''
that happened and though they strongly disagreed to this taking place , vadimere and lydia wycherley believe in forgiveness .
` ` so why do n't you shift into my place permanently ?
` ` that 's why i came with john in the first place . ''
as nate cherboi is unable to continue in the tournament , i ' m putting malaki in his place , the match to take place next week . ''
to make place for what , dear ?
but if the tree were removed , burned , other things could grow in its place .
makar , you are now a hunter and have the right to sit among the men who will gladly make place for you .
take notice , women , that a man has taken his place among the hunters .
he told cosh to erase all signs of their camp , even to uproot the fire , and plant in its place some grass dug up from somewhere else .
the trouble was , since their position was on the hill to the north of the camp and since almost without exception the entrances to the huts were on the south side , they were looking onto the back end of the huts , unaware of what took place in front .
one lady tripped over her own feet and dropped out , but someone took her place and as a group , they started to get it together by the time they reached the chorus .
the bard from the night before returned and took his place on the stage to a roar of applause and shouts of joy .
miss gilena was very put out that they disrupted her place in such a way .
at one point a boat loaded with evacuees sailed from the docks and no new boat took its place .
riyan , bart , and chad watched in wonder as the flesh seemed to be moving of its own volition as it moved back into place .
for should bart simply show up with a sack full of gems and coins expecting to make the offer , he would be killed before an agreement could even begin to take place .
once the drillmaster took his place , they began .
one was a bear of a man with twin axes strapped to his back , the other , an identical match except for the pair of swords in place of the axes .
and a lamb was running in its place .
` ` but why were they made in the first place ? ''
in its place another hand , one much larger than his own , now clutched at his fingers with dreadful strength and still his blood flowed into the sea - green kingdom , a scarlet haze .
they did not speak , they had no need , both understanding what was to take place .
the badger had taken the place of his real uncle and although this did n't mean he was happy to be without ira , he at least had someone to turn to .
he had no understanding of what had taken place there before him , or of what this creature who had his face might be , but he sensed that this at last was the moment of his testing , where finally he would prove himself a match for the dark powers of the wolf .
if he could find jack he would save him , one way or another , even if he had to offer himself in his place .
he knew it was a matter of balance , all things in their place , good and evil existing as counterpoints to create a universe of harmony .
yes , it could be done , if there was one worthy to rule in my place .
the half - one must be sacrificed if you are to take your rightful place .
` ` up , up , '' ordered the beast with impatience , ` ` rise up and take your place . ''
the gargoyle bowed and resumed his place .
storm - shadow took his place at ethans side by touching the ruby at his chest which changed the bench section into a palate where the pegasai could fold his long legs and lay .
he smiled and remembered his place and made way for the door .
so when she was asleep i took the greatest gamble of my life and intentionally shed all my power to enter her womb , taking the place of the fetus .
it was his doing that made the kitsune steal the mirror in the first place .
i do nt know what happened after , but before i passed out i tried taking his place ah , so now it makes since .
the plan began to take place on a saturday .
oh fuck , here it comes , the part where i burst out laughing and get thrown out of church group , the only possible thing on the planet that is more embarrassing than having gone to church group in the first place .
that was really how i wanted to spend my saturday , out in the car feeling like shit , watching people throw away things they should nt have bought in the first place .
i carried the black bag full of empty milk cartons and plastic bottles over to where she had aimed her thin finger , wondering how it had ever ended up in the garage in the first place .
at times it was taking all of my effort just to stop my teeth from grinding , and that s on top of trying to articulate intelligent responses to questions about what interpersonal skills i had or why i wanted the position in the first place ( which i did nt ) .
but then i probably would nt have done it in the first place .
so gabril took his place behind flores .
his huge frame ensures that i m flung to the side as he blindly takes my place , opens his arms wide and attempts to intercept a cat he can not see .
chapter 7 : a curious book & linda 's plan it looked like the sergeant did nt open the black book when he searched the room and matthew was uncomfortably grateful for this , because he could nt even imagine what would have happened if the officer had noticed the book and the names in it in the first place .
more indians took his place .
that is why i have asked rego to come in my place , to come and see his wonderful aunt whom i love and miss very much .
aydith , women should not lead armies , nor rule in the place of an ealdorman .
after his death she ruled in his place , and the people called her the lady of mercia , serving her almost like a queen .
and then her daughter , aelfwynn , tried to rule in her mothers place .
she hated the thought of releasing them of their service to her ; it was a severe blow to her pride , a destruction of all the work she had done to make them loyal to her in the first place .
gandy backed up melodramatically , hands spread in surrender as he yielded his place in line to mathers .
if he could have entirely swapped places and saved peter the unpleasantness of confronting pultrie , he would have done that too .
the hard part was , no one would believe what he said , no matter what he said , so it was up to him to make sure he said what nobody wanted to hear because then , when they naturally did not believe him , he could obligingly tell them what he wanted them to think which they would never have believed had he said it in the first place .
and then he shot and shot until he too grew too tired and ushi had to take his place .
in his place eagle - on - high is elevated to lead the jagged - feather rowe .
though it might not be my place to give it , for such things are handled by the council , you have my permission for a sister to visit a sister and help as any family should .
i deserve pie from putting up with you dweebs , mr . honkers interrupts with the dumbest expression on his face ever since some stupid dweeb started making dumb expressions in the first place .
looks like you noobsll have to bleed more in my place !
others that took the place of ham world .
he stands in place of the chair , placing the folder on the surface .
her sister , eris had taken alrins place and had watched over the humans faithfully for nearly a millennium .
quite the contrary , my place here on the world is to protect you and your ilk .
it was nt easy putting an elder dragon in her place , but i did and she will cooperate with us .
she could very well kill us all for what you did to her in the first place .
to take my place .
do nt you have a bicycle in your place ?
he thought that his plans were going in place .
though no one could take the place of buchog in errols heart , he thought new friendship could be possible .
my place goes to kims group .
after all , it was not his place to play the nursemaid .
in my place in bama ? !
a soft mewling pleading had taken their place .
of course she should have run in the first place .
since she could not , shanna must go in her place .
ill fight for my place later when i m stronger .
the dark clouds had vanished , and new white and silver clouds took their place .
i switched places that afternoon with katie so i could cook and just keep to my own thoughts .
the sharp - owls took their place in subdued quiet .
but then corrigans expression changed to one of relish ; it was good to see some life yet in this dead body of a council , so he could stomp on it once more and teach it its place .
the procession of standards took their place amidst a tumult of noise .
castellan dressed in his best clothes : a long red cloak , his shining armor left at home , and in its place a brown leather doublet , and silk vest .
once his loyalties are in place , we can use the police to our own ends .
the calls of mercy went unheard , and the executioners took their places .
this was what i should have done in the first place instead of waiting for this situation in front of us to perspire .
gradually making his way to the stage , a curious figure bows graciously before the king , and with that , the charismatic leader takes his place to the side of the stage .
` ` what would grandma have done in my place ? ''
suddenly things began to fall into place .
what does it matter if some of their people die of smog related illnesses , there are plenty more to take their place .
the senior constables knew she was nt easily put in her place so if any arrests had to be done they would send their junior constables to do the job .
as father grew older it bothered him more that he did nt have a legal heir to take his place .
that s what happens when you get sucked into declaring war against an ideology ; you kill one man and another takes his place .
he asked , throwing paul an intensely questioning look and not waiting for an answer continued , you keep place secret ... and then ... last minute ... kablam !
would nt it have been better if it was julie here , now , in his place ?
paul , watching their backs disappearing into the undergrowth surrounding the stream , murmured a word of thanks and as he did so he felt his sense of identity slide silently back into place .
but as the leading truck came under the harsh , white glare of the floodlights , paul could see a roughly painted , black anarchy a daubed over its front and what looked like an rsj beam welded in place of a bumper .
he wondered , doing a double take as he passed a funeral hearse with a gigantic , inflatable banana in place of a coffin .
he looked up to see the disabled fighter shed off an outer layer of concealing metal plates , and in its place , a fully - functional arrow leveled its quad cannon at him .
she even had the nerve to stuff a banana in his place to trick me .
vorkis killed another earth guy in my place .
president albert larson took his place , a perfectly groomed afro - american who should have never made the presidency .
no one can or will ever take your place .
well , youd be compensated nicely and your place will be on the show .
he began imitating the cheater that had taken the place of randy mantooth & caine !
her bladder was frozen in place and she had visions of it blowing up when lena screamed ,  oh my god , they say her intestines have exploded inside her , weve got to get to the hospital , ive got to call your father at the factory and tell him , hell have to meet me there ,   said lena , taking the reins and getting her control in place , as was her m.o .
the narrow cantina seemed to close in on chancho as he cursed himself for choosing the diversion in the first place .
gisbo recalled that there was a good reason for him being here , but with so much hot rage smoldering through his mind like a lava flow he could nt quite remember the specifics or why he had volunteered to face them all at once in the first place .
they both finished their first plates at the same exact time and new ones appeared in their places .
falcon stepped back to take his place beside the renegade chieftain , standing out brilliantly in his pure white uniform .
the wolf cub felt it too as it took the place by his side and crouched in a growling stance , ready to pounce .
it could have been either of us in his place !
he set up the entire renegade curriculum and would have been named the next renegade chieftain in narroway 's place , but in the end , he chose against it because he wanted the title to stay within the bloodline , can you believe it ?
gisbo noticed that the spot where purahs lifeless body was pinned earlier had now been cleaned and in its place was a plaque that was unreadable from such a distance .
if you picture ' nothing , ' are you still picturing something in place of nothing ?
still , gisbo could nt help but feel a little saddened by the thought that purah would not be his instructor and just who would take his place ?
frozen cliffs must now take the place of the beautiful waterfalls .
# 3 took their place at sunset , but by then , another division arrived to delay the inevitable .
so , when it came time for tom and bob to take their fathers ' places , there were no jobs available .
bob gets in the passenger side of the van as tom swaps places with sean in the driver 's seat and tosses him the truck keys .
outside in the storage area , chris and tony begin shifting the kegs back onto the truck in place of three of the empties .
` ` those are the transfers taking place . ''
cael lunged away from the mattress and as fluidly kiene took his place , watching the exchange with a distraught expression .
we lost kettle last month , and his place is available .
if you re sorry , then why did you foul up in the first place ?
i suppose that is part of becoming a criminal : eventually , you need to cast off your old boss and take his place .
existence when a certain period of time has passed after losing someone , its almost like they never existed in the first place .
he stopped his tittering , anyways , i took the dead guys place and we took you to seventh - gate .
its why i joined in the first place , i tell him with a smile .
another worker , a young man , walked out to take her place .
vile remembered that he had forgotten to do the most important job , the reason he had hired the scaffolding in the first place : to knock a hole under the kitchen window for a drain .
i worked doggedly , throwing myself into the work to keep my mind off what was going on between mairi and jamie , they were as thick as thieves ; it was as if he had taken my place .
grandmother put them in their place .
of course , she 'd be so busy yelling at his dad for letting him go in the first place that maybe she would n't have the time or energy to hurt properly .
` ` we have a spy named annika in place .
it was gone as quickly as it had come , and in its place stood a small metal box , a tiny latch on the front .
tick could n't help but wish he could trade places with paul , broken arm and all .
the women did n't know that you were the one who 'd opened up a doorway so they could reach them in the first place .
mistress jane takes her place here until all can be repaired .
the heavy flat of khavis blade thunked into my side , squashing dozens of the creatures , but scores more took their place , crawling insects replacing their fallen brethren faster than he could kill them .
the destruction of the gnomes had taken with it the dragon of our hate , but hope could not flare up to take its place ; hope was already dead within us .
of your place as a kobold .
it would be his duty to take my place .
although khavi wanted to fight with the others , his wound would mean his place was here with the injured and spellcasters .
once i find a suitable scepter and recover my spell craft i will put him in his place .
on the opposite wall , half - formed faces and torsos followed with every step bern took , each one dissipating as he moved along and a new one taking its place .
nothing to take the place of a human soul .
in her place reared an enormous , boiling cloud of dust .
bring someone to the house within the hour or you will take his place .
but i will let them go if you will promise to take their place for you would make me a much better servant .
* * * the house that had taken the place of abuelas old one was massive , three - storied , and reminded jessie of an old plantation house .
bennett made mrs . davis go home and go to bed , and he had stayed in her place .
smidge asked geda as the two brothers switched places , smidge going behind the bar while geda stepped out to serve his customers .
berevus , get over here and switch places with smidge .
just tonight , he had volunteered to take the place of a man who had needed to rest .
sir nickleby had been their knight for so long that they could not think of another person who could take his place .
and besides , iibala would have just pushed me out of the way if i tried to take her place !
it was time to take her place and bump into basha just before the dance .
i really do not see why we have to waste all of this time and energy trying to find just one boy , who clearly is stupid for having run off in the first place , lapo whispered to his wife , mawen , before he looked up to see nearly everyone else turned around , facing him with a furious glare .
i had the entire empire , the people and the council of elders , begging me to take my rightful place , until it was all destroyed .
pretty soon it began to rain , and thunder took place of the night sounds .
then the fire burst , and green was the color that took place of the beautiful organ flames .
the sound of it boomed in his ears , then left nothing but a constant buzz in its place .
in their place she could hear the wind force its way through the pine trees , scurry over the scant bushes , and roar into the valleys below .
if only jackson could find out why the zeneethians were so desperate to get her back , and why they had taken her in the first place .
in its place was a cold , perfect woman .
to make his son follow his plan for the future he developed the three blind mice to wipe his heirs mind clean and to implant the personality he wanted in its place .
in the place of writing was a crude stick figure sketch of him and i sexually entwined .
aiden sighed and rubbed the back of his neck the same way that he had done the night that he invited me in the first place .
this is a delicate system , however , since the moment it seems apparent that the hob - goblin is vulnerable and that another can take his place , he is swiftly and mercilessly overthrown .
it was due to revere 's testimony that they were sent to to seek the goblins ' in the first place .
the goblins were cast down and driven back , but the galva army stayed in their place .
in it 's place was an innate overwhelming sense of true kinship and sibling rivalry .
another plate of fresh fruit and vegetables was hastily set in place of the meat .
feeling like her heart had switched places with her adams apple , echo inched her way along the side of the house .
i d do anything right now to trade places .
a plan was formed , a very risky plan , for echo and her dad to show themselves to the villagers with their winged steeds and explain again what was happening and what would be taking place in just a few nights time .
i would ' ve given anything to trade places with him .
on one of the side walls was a slightly larger mattress and on the opposite wall a coffee table with an old television set which had a clothes hanger in the place of the antenna , finally on each side of the door a couple of small tables made of rotten wood .
but if you kill him the door will be open for many other creatures to take his place and power , this is the opportunity all of the them have been waiting .
in its place was elation .
it looked peaceful and serene and he thought of why he had it painted in the first place .
jess was no longer the second in command , she had taken katies place at the top , and i knew that this was something that was already happening .
` ` i suppose , if we 're to believe him , i 'd get rat - arsed occasionally myself , in his place . ''
she , like her mother , holds place with me , so have a care and go gently , kazimir . ''
a human stood in his place , with youthful good looks and shoulder - length blonde hair in celebrity fashion .
` ` as would i , in your place , ma'am .
liadan 's mending left only pink skin in place of the wounds and would leave no scars .
if that human girl was being guarded by kazimir , might another take his place if he were defeated or otherwise eliminated ?
gone was the crazy woman , in its place the one i had known from childhood .
there was certainly no longer a hole , but in its place was a distinctly odd collection of stones , wood , and glass .
gone was the sweet old lady , in her place stood a woman with a face hooded in shadow , promising danger on the horizon .
in its place was nothing but confusion and just a grain of determination .
in their place was ... my hallway .
in its place was ... somebody i could n't read .
human orbs of a brilliant jade hung in their place .
something else quickly took her place .
i was nt sure if you had someone in place .
in its place were two red orbs that reflected abnormally in the dim light .
` ` you knock out pilot , you take place .
` ` that 's okay in its place , but you ought to read things to improve the mind .
should the shards fall in place , you will join back up with your friend .
raking his hair into a semblance of its place , he looked around the silver cave .
the gloves ; if we did nt have them , we would nt have even gotten to the key in the first place .
leo reluctantly took the mug in place of his ginger ale .
he did n't really think anything of it , which is why he left in the first place .
` ` our laws dictate that if a death penalty is declined , three separate punishments must take its place .
serena takes her place at the end of the line , breathing a sigh of relief that one of her three punishments did not come before the ceremony .
his long snout with the half - moon mark takes the place of pursed lips , and it is somehow better .
isadora takes her place by serena 's side again .
by the time the moon sinks into the ocean , and the sun rises to take its place , the tree is adorned in dozens of yellow tendrils , swaying aimless in the wind .
though surprised at the intimate contact , serena 's slender fingers fall into place between each of his , with his palm wrapped protectively around her knuckles .
` ` go take your place , '' whispers nerin .
you can go down and get it , then you can come back up again and hand it over to me , just as you should have done in the first place .
he shifted uncomfortably in his seat while his two dimensional self ranted and raved a challenge to the congregation that any one of them was welcome to take his place on the throne if they were brave enough .
finally , he questioned jerome , who was behind the bar in her place .
this led him to see the world as the elegant clock the church considered it to be as long as all the gears are in their proper places , the world will run perfectly .
he has told me that you should be chained to the hearth until you learn your place .
but if you ca nt take up your place in the order when you return , you are not welcome back .
your aunt has asked me to write some notes for the herbalist that will be taking her place .
he has already decided what my place should be .
some of those trees would die , lost to winds , water , fire , or a thousand other catastrophes , and when they had gone , new ones would take their places .
with a falling heart , ipid realized that the older boys who normally filled the post had enrolled to defend the city , leaving lads such as this in their places .
he was already mourning for marcus , a vivacious boy who should be preparing to finish his schooling and take a place alongside his father .
most of the men had blank expressions as if they were wondering what they were doing on the field in the first place .
still somewhat lost , ipid took his place and struggled to hold his head high despite what arin had said , he cringed every time his eyes met those of a te - ashte .
a phalanx of guards waited at the gates , stood in place of the great bronze doors , long spears pointing to the heavens .
we must simply play out our strands , make them bold and bright so that they can mark the way for those who will take our places , those who will carry the pattern when our strands have ended .
garretts body was gone , and in its place was the slaverbitten dog , now dead .
he also might have wondered why scythe had nt blasted them with a lightning bolt in the first place and saved himself the effort of repelling them .
and she s not really dead , remember ; diana took her to the fairy world , to take brigits place .
in place of the werewolf was jason , unconscious and looking unharmed .
julia too was shocked by the treatment , but a part of her rejoiced at having the chance to witness her flighty and conceited sister getting put in her place .
in their place was a dry , dusty ground covered with loose dirt .
when the storm passed , there would only be humidity and rainbows in its place .
you got to be kidding me , ian muttered when the sulfur - smelling spinning stopped , and six evil spirits stood in its place .
the pieces fell into place for ian .
thy place is here , with our son .
take your place with those who will receive the training , and congratulations , lad .
in its place was a massive gray castle .
i mentally stepped away from my steering wheel and abbadon took my place .
i m not sure if i should make you each kings , in my place , or have you arrested for being dark magic practicers .
the twin beams destroyed hundreds of monsters , but more came to take their place .
i remain in place .
with each swing taking down three enemies , but four more take their places .
something is not in place ; it is not supposed to happen this way .
it took a while but she recovered and was finally able to tell him exactly what had taken place .
in its place was a woman who looked as if she had lived a hard and terrible life .
her place was with her father and they would be committing a great evil if they refused her that .
all things that had puzzled her fell in place .
the excitement had been washed away and disappointment took its place .
i think you , young miss , she whispered as she took josephines place at the bedside .
they talked well into the night and eventually the hail stopped barraging the countryside , only to give up its place to a blizzard that showed even less mercy to the people of ephrath .
in her place stood a pedestal of white stone , a fist - sized sphere of yellow crystal sitting upon it .
in his place stood a tall , gaunt figure , clad in a long blue coat with black trim upon the sleeves over black trousers and a tunic .
submit , said the frostborn in latin , its voice like rocks cracking together , and take your proper place as a slave , and you shall be spared .
then the captain has not held his place for long ?
in its place , joined to the marble neck , was block of roughly carved black wood .
no true daughter of the moon would have permitted such a travesty to stand in her ladys place while breath still moved her body .
you want the king and queen of heaven to part so that you can take her place ?
she has been twisting the running of the city , lying to our allies at argos , and putting wicked men in place to collect taxes and police the city .
however , had delmari kept the oath in the first place , his loss would nt be upsetting you like it is .
i wanted to put this tool in his place , but i did nt .
the drumming in my ears took the place of music and laughter .
he was no more , and in his place , she had jaral .
it was almost as if another woman had taken her place , or a new spirit had inexplicably possessed her body .
he felt his sentinel persona returning , slipping into place like a weapon into a holster .
whenever she tried to vanquish those visions , damiens last words took their place : the safety of zorros residents could well depend on your willingness to have sex with me .
kara decided he could take luzs place in a pinch , although she had nt observed his housecleaning skills yet .
there is none here who could take my place .
they watched fascinated , as a tiny orb of fiery light flew in a gentle arc across the void , only to disappear in a wink for another , brighter and bigger to take its place .
it was left to himself who succeeded in his place , to build for him a fitting memorial .
maddy had been home some time during the night ; she had scrubbed away her italian greeting and posted in its place : ` ` guten morgen allerseits ! ''
our fair verona all takes place in the sewers .
he could actually feel something in his heart click into place .
the launch would be lowered and the hammock hung in its place .
at this moment he had nt a clue as to why he had taken it in the first place ; it was more trouble than it was worth .
that s why i went with cruz in the first place .
helios tried to prevent prometheus from giving away cheiron 's immortality , but prometheus did it under the cover of darkness , while helios was away on the other side of the world and unaware of what was taking place .
soon this man relaxed , released her and resumed his place in the circling , singing halo of men .
` ` the original temple was destroyed after the fall of the roman empire and a home for the sibyl built in its place by christians about a thousand years ago .
and then quite suddenly , it all fell into place .
they bit and sucked , then sparked to their deaths even as another took their place , unable to resist the temptation .
i will take her place , and i will grovel at your feet if you will allow her return from whence she came . ''
the creatures were born to cause mayhem and since war was destruction they willingly took the places of their fallen brethren for the chance to crush , kill and maim .
whenever one creature fell two took its place .
it took a while but they eventually learned what took place .
can the ceremony take place without him ?
eben closed the door and resumed his place which was now beside falsig .
the imposter has placed an evil ruler in his place to govern sevadir .
you will never sit in my place again !
he should nt have let that mumbo - jumbo spouting bugger on board in the first place .
the first lord of the treasury met her eye , and then , rising in his place , said : make it fifteen hundred million for great britain .
tito sprang to take his place , and conan , bracing his feet wide on the heaving poop - deck , lifted his bow .
conan came quickly toward her , another taking his place .
now , however , the bastion of skulls stood in its place .
that was why the boy was in his place .
he set down the candle on a chair near at hand , and tried if the panel was fast in its place .
the syrtis major ( i am giving our name to the channel of communication in place of that by which the girl called it ) is like a great safety valve , which , by permitting the waters to flow northward , saves the continents from inundation .
but instead of house huntley taking its place , no , house advissen had been chosen to replace it .
i want one that i will not be ashamed to wear when i take my father 's place .
i can manage in your stead , remember who it was that taught you in the first place .
kipril bowed deeply and said , nay sir , your gods are not gods at all but vile demons intent on usurping the place of the true creator .
a retired footman had appeared at their door one bright morning three days after their banishment and had assumed the place of steward , butler , gardener , cook , and drudge .
he has taken my sister and i would take her place .
alas , the flower that to his mind was fairer than them all , was blighted , and in the wan cheek of her whom he loved , he sighed to see the lily usurping the place of the radiant rose .
a jest is welcome in its place , but pray hear me out , sir , if it suit your lofty courtesy to do so .
but i feel prince prligion will take my place instead if meg really likes him .
forgive my rudeness , lord ebon - farr , i forgot my place .
that is enough , young lady , you will remember your place .
gone was the awkward adolescent , overly conscious of her maturing figure , and in its place stood a young woman , proud and confident .
a clean , shiny new cupboard door sat in place of the victim .
the maniacal grin was gone , and in its place was an expression that spoke of bewilderment and shock .
the puzzle pieces had not yet fallen completely into place .
another , louder voice had taken its place .
in place of the usual rough , raspy voice , her voice was now smooth and soft .
he was also everything the humans said he was when they scorned and judged him in their place so they would nt have to worry about being cursed or what people said about them !
satan hates women because they took his place as most beautiful creatures ( bmmmm ) what are they doing in my briefing room ?
it was totally legal , 'cause they were the one 's who rigged the ships in the first place ... demo 's halo - miniature explosions and storms - evolved his team 's weaklings into officers !
on the island , most exchanges take place through bartering .
before the sun clears the horizon , one stalemate is broken and another taken its place .
in just one morning , the goblins and men have changed places .
he thought he could hide you on this island and prepare you to take his place .
the second goblin , armed with the dragon fire , takes his place .
he assures her she is well and is preparing to take her place as the next thaumaturgist should she be chosen .
he hopes that trak is in place .
our man roukaan pallis is now in place as tutor to the prince .
and then the years die , one by one leaving nothing in their place one taj mahal jigsaw puzzle , check .
the images of talk shows and burning buses flashed through his mind , but as the color settled , the memory of boxes soon took their place .
even as he searched for the unknown assailant , only to find shadows in its place , as he fought desperately to break away .
at first feeling a bit disappointed , recalling how wonderfully warm the sun had felt on his skin , but the bleak cold had taken its place .
then a mysterious white light took their place , eerily drifting in his direction .
his thoughts returned to the reason why he was here in the first place , the book , he needed someone who could read .
then the mire of blackness began to abate , as even more darkness took its place , and their surroundings became abundantly clear .
the gradation of this nightmare were no mere delusion , as the hordes of demons were downed one by one , and the vampires quickly tried to take their place .
high and low the shiny blackness that amalgamated all of xilbalba was erected around him , as the semblance of the alley was now gone , and a strange new enclosure had taken its place .
goodwill and ease gradually took the place of his earlier loneliness and pain .
do the stars hold their places ?
the clamour as of an army diminished and in its place he heard a solitary beat , thrud - thrud , coming from outside the watch - tower .
therefore , in place of my giving him his life , he gave me the box .
i started to eat him , but he gave me a magic box in place of his life .
if adolf suggested that nothing mysterious at all had happened here today , all would be forgotten in favor of whatever he wanted them to remember in its place .
in its place remained a void .
she could sense that adolf was attempting to shut the portals down in some way , like sucking out all of the energy he had put to their constructs in the first place .
however , if he did manage to collapse the construct completely , she guessed that it would essentially be like he had never created the portal in the first place .
i have a portal construct in place .
and to mrs . ( haakonsen ) jorgensen for telling me i could write in the first place . ''
in return , any one of them would willingly die in his place .
abington chuckled over macconnachs interpretation thus far of the regulations in place at this outpost .
only within the last month have i returned home , to take my fathers place .
the alcohol quickly did its work , sending along that slightly leaden sensation in place of jitters .
crystal bottles and tumblers sat in its place , surrounded by an overladen plate of cucumber sandwiches , another with mango pickle sandwiches , and the last with small fried clumps ringed by bowls of sauces .
robert anticipated a great deal of scrutiny directed at the rsi , for even without the regency in place , lord conroy had been stalking about all the ministry offices , demanding full accounts from all quarters .
she stood as the flowers opened once more , rapidly , almost too swiftly to see the process take place .
shell go in your place until you re well enough .
a chunk of his hair was missing , leaving an angry red patch of scalp in its place .
darrence could nt see what took place in the alley , he was in the wrong position , but he saw what happened next .
in place of many clashing texts , i give you one , coherent and definitive !
those few who understand the true and good receive the posts an archimedes should , and higher concepts learn of deity in place of popular mythology .
quite human as to torso , arms and head , below her waist she was a fish instead , with piscine scales in place of human skin .
if i can get your tribe to take their place i 'll be ahead .
though human beings were a mortal race , their souls , released by death , would take the place of those defectors from the angels ' ranks who 'd balked at hypocritic hymns of thanks .
he did n't really need another race of slaves to take rebellious mankind 's place and populate a new jerusalem .
for in place of the tireless sands omar began to see the shapes of wind - swept dunes .
in place of contemporary highways , omar had drawn early trade routes .
but alexei had taken her place , watching kolya more than elsa : i know what you are up to , little one .
in its place was a shadow of the cottage , with varying shades of gray marking out the windows , roof , and door .
it was to be the most magical year of his life , the year a well ran dry inside him and he felt a lake filling up in its place ; the year his childhood left but he was not yet sure of a thing called manhood ; the year every sense of his was unlocked , and the world recreated itself daily before him .
gunter drove the truck towards the gate , once again glancing at merlin and seeing an ss officer in his place .
in his place stood the tin man .
he let go and his warped features unfolded , oozing back into place .
to have glinda weave a spell of amnesia on her after she put everything in its place .
it was simple to convince her that she should be ruling in deaths place .
her vision slowly fell into place .
the young girl amaeya once knew was long dead and in her place was a tattered old crone .
quibell emerged from an adjoining hall , taking the place of the previous goblin , and bobbed a small bow before fryx .
pieces fell into place in dardans mind .
sir ilvin can take your place while you are gone .
why was i getting so offended when i d been the one to put the idea in her head in the first place ?
i d asked her during our walk how her guardians would react when they found her missing and shed responded with , they wo nt remember i was ever there in the first place .
then it shows the wolf changing , and the man who stood in his place was a panting and blood splattered gabriel .
a vast empty landscape took the place of the woods .
in its place was a new sound .
and then a cloud of smoke took his place .
then she will join one of the covens and take her rightful place . ''
perhaps in time , you will gain our confidence and prove yourself worthy of your place with us .
everyone just accepted their place and did what they were told .
their grasp of the words varies , although none have been able to master the power of the amulet as i have , although allison can almost match my ability now , but she is my loyal devotee and assists with keeping the others in their place .
there was no - one else to take her place .
remember there are always others who hope to take your place , as there are others who hope to take mine . ''
shadowgod endeavors to tear away the invisible drapes that serve to hide from our eyes the true nature , the width and depth , of what really took place in the narrative conveyed to us within the margins of only a few pages of the holy writ .
i believe the purpose for this is that the ends of the world might read with rapt attention and comprehend that there is much more to our faith than cold catechisms and , certainly , a final culmination that makes the myth of harp in hand melt away to give place to a thrilling and incomparable revelation .
intently he stared into the dimness in a strained effort to see what was taking place there .
slowly the crowd moved back away from him as he stared up into the face of the prophet , trying to understand all that was taking place .
it makes me wish to run and take my place before this giant .
it was in this solitary and hidden refuge that david had spent many days waiting for direction from the lord god , not even knowing how that might take place .
when this faded away , in its place was a most breathtaking vision , glorious and incomprehensible .
for it is here that god provided a ram to take the place of the patriarch 's son .
and surely , that lamb will one day take to place of all mankind !
your name will relate to your purpose as it is decreed by the lord god , and once it is pronounced , you will take your place in upholding the existence of all things , but that is for a time to come .
i am keeping his place at market for these next several days .
some say the priests of israel perform ceremonies that permit atonement and this may be true for the one seems to regard their efforts very highly , and it is he that committed many of the original rites to them in the first place .
therefore , we must redouble all of our efforts to see that none of this is ever allowed to take place ! ''
nathan no longer lived in the house of dirytica and annashia , his father and mother , but his place now , along with kezmin , was in the splendid house built for him by the king as a wedding present .
the kings approach seemed more hesitant than usual as he took his place to speak from the floor of the loft above the arched gate to mahanaim .
between heaven and earth , an enormous struggle had begun to take place , and had now escalated to a feverish pitch !
then , you are to go up with him , and he is to come and sit on my throne and reign in my place .
on that day he took the place of abiathar forever !
the flames flickered where his skin should have been , an inferno in place of flesh .
then it went blank , but in their place the reflections of what jesse thought were six men .
the other elderly sorcerer returned to his place without an argument .
all of a sudden gone was robin , the foppish fool , and in his place was , well , a fearsome warrior .
it passed quickly , and in its place would be cold , unfeeling emptiness .
in place of the strong lithe woman i remembered , there was a withered , frail creature .
i would ve died in his place if i could .
in its place was a yawning chasm breathing fire and smoke .
in their place i was left with a certain sense of detachment .
it seems like in place of her sun there is anger now .
i ignored them and put another marshmallow in place of the first , setting it on fire .
i started to panic and turned back to where kennan was sitting only to find xavier in his place .
except here , where there should be doctors there were just ridiculously large men , and in the place of patients there were women of various ages .
could i deal with the first one on my list before another one took his place ?
in place of a person i heard the howl of wolves .
the wild warrior that had existed with the flowing black hair and the war stains inked upon his body was no longer there and instead , all that was left in his place was an aging broken man with a receding gray hairline and joints that ached whenever it rained .
tacitus grew nervous at his brother 's harsher tones and was beginning to regret that he had ever passed him the ale bladder in the first place .
the same issue kept being brought up , some leaders , mostly those who found themselves able to take up the mantle for the first time and had arranged the meeting in the first place .
meaning they might take the not unreasonable risk that they could always tell people what we d done to them , so we could be hunted down and forced to change them back if , of course , we actually had this wondrous magical power to change them in the first place !
never mind , carey , ferena answered kindly , moving aside so that peregun could take her place in front of the kneeling girl .
the illuminator never again showed himself ( if , indeed , he had ever revealed himself in the first place ) to offer any further explanation .
the cry went up as peregun began to nervously descend the steps and neris took his place .
* chapter 27 the glorious pattern of the kimono it is said that not long after chaos had been banished from the universe by a semblance of order imposed in its place , the threads of life were used to weave a fabulous kimono that could reveal the future to anyone who asked its wearer a reasonable question .
the thunderous noise vanished in an instant as the knight and dragon disappeared , an old woman feeding hungrily clucking chickens appearing alongside in their place .
in their place was an image that made the father gasp with joy .
the old man hoped that , with nisa gone , perhaps iibala might take her place .
i admit i have thought that these children were next to nothing , when i wondered why we were supposed to have been watching out for them in the first place , but lord fobata and i , it seems , have vastly underestimated them .
she insists on telling people that the faerie saved her , when everyone knows that she set the wolf on her in the first place , the stout woman exclaimed , exasperated .
the project was abandoned , somewhat to king felsas dismay , for it meant that he would have to find a new one to take its place .
it turned out that none who had heard the song could bring themselves to question her place at the kings side , whether they liked it or not .
azonis gave his final commands to tontal , who was taking his place on the throne .
take me in his place .
i am glad that i have been able to retake my place on the throne .
you could not have picked a more suitable dainty to act in your place , and with those two at his side , locmire pointed at zulp and olaf .
finally , the screaming stopped , and another sound took its place , one that was different from every other kind of sound sandrena had ever heard .
well , i would prefer that you take your place as pack leader now , if you are in agreement ?
he had most certainly implied my dad should take his rightful place , but he never put any of his own power behind the suggestion , or in the removal of marcus .
i turned the corner from the area where the fancy new pool tables took the place of the old shabby ones , and i was floored by the changes to the back room .
people like my father , the king of the ancients , only rule when no white wolf has taken the place of the last .
we ve got a little while before part two of my plan falls into place , so i m going to ask you to be patient .
jessica must first come into her full power in order to take her rightful place as the white wolf ruler .
flush with wealth and the prospect of a patriarch from his home , merrick had invited the entire gyasian delegation to stay on while the selection process took place .
the countess paused in her embroidery , taking a moment to insert her needle into the fabric so she would not lose her place .
oh , the marriage took place , and her dowry had managed to keep the castle afloat for a little while longer .
tomas had found him some clean clothing , but this was little more than a grey robe in the place of his soiled brown one ; the garment did little to reveal his form , but this geiseric appeared to be quite trim , perhaps even carrying a fighters build .
i m sure one of these muscular farm boys will be able to take your place , in the meantime .
but they had come close to switching places .
a quick search found the dead talons horse hobbled a few paces downstream , the bridle wrapped with black cloth to deaden any sound ; he would have done the same thing in her place .
he answered on the eighth ring , mumbling something that should never be repeated let alone have come from his mother - kissing lips in the first place .
put in my place by a sod - sucking freak who sells information to the highest bidder .
the notes were slyly tapered off , as was his whispered word , and then he set his harp aside and went out through the door ; the room was quiet , but abuzz , when he went back inside ; the morose mood he had enjoyed was quickly set aside , and in its place a forlorn look was wryly written there ; with painful joy in every note , his music filled the air .
but die he did , and we were sad , for none could take his place ; enough of gloom !
maybe it was a false sense of security , maybe it was pure exhaustion , but sleep stole in , taking its place .
in their place went long stockings and knee - high boots of brown leather .
all had slipped away , leaving a mild , white glow in their place , a glow that suffused the whole chamber with softness .
in his place he now sensed many spirits , swirling about restlessly .
that 's why he 'd run in the first place .
maybe link is really okay and i should just get the fuck out of here like i should have done in the first place !
and in his place stood lakyn , but he was nt in this room .
it had been removed when the demon had taken its place .
miss jamess soul has not yet been harvested , said abraham , tending to the fire in its place .
but suddenly his eyes widened , and all the pieces fell into place .
it was probably high fiber , high protein and high in fat to be able to take the place of a meal while running and walking like we were and to not end up running out of energy and bonking along the way .
she hung her old sword on the wall in place of the one she took .
bucktooth lost her place .
then ivy would never lose her place .
the birds swapped places when sitting the nests .
the moment they finished her tail , she stood golden before them and then her ear started to itch and she lifted a leg to scratch the way a dog would use his hind paw , and a fleck of gold fell , leaving an orangish bronze speckle in its place .
he still had his old arms , but his old shriveled legs lay on the ground and eight boney legs had taken their place .
yes , well , ideally i would send cadfrawd in your place , but i require his skills here in darryn to command our defences .
you , thorvaldr , are not half the dwarf folkvar was , haakon said putting the king in his place .
when the drow beheaded a party of dwarven prospectors and allowed the dwarf einar to return to halldor to tell tale of it , it was only then that the pieces began to fall into place .
` ` jane , '' he whispered calmly as he stared beyond her , ` ` i need you to keep your place , please .
ragnar looked down on the prone fae and said with a rumbling bass voice , ` ` now that your wits have returned , i caution you to keep your place , bowman . ''
your powerful pet will not come to harm as long as you keep your place .
he kept his place with a pleasant expression but said nothing ; she admitted to herself that at least the fetching young man was taught manners , and not to speak out of turn .
pearl , always happy for company , tentatively wagged her tail at seeing jane but kept her place .
this note will have to suffice in place of the conversation we might otherwise have .
it was this knowledge that enabled keira to take her place at the stall , where she meticulously wrote down each piece that was sold , keeping a running tally of the numbers .
how long she lay there , she did nt know , but when a knock sounded at the door , the tears were done , leaving in their place an emptiness that seemed to reach into her soul .
a moment later elgor seemed to come back to himself , he straightened , that s better he muttered , then looked at elzik with a sparkle of mischief in his completely orange eyes he said , do ye want to know the deeper mysteries and take thy place as a guardian of the stones ?
while the younger scandinavians took their places at the oars and continued rowing , the others opened up mead barrels and began celebrating .
i would rather you speak out of place than leave me in the dark about my daughters .
in place of fashioning an alliance that could mutually benefit the inhabitants of both provinces , he chose war instead .
the life - blood of the murai dynasty was found in the resources of the underdeveloped agricultural center to the west , but in place of feeling grateful for the chance to concretize his fathers dominion , he felt exiled from his home .
hideyoshi was once a general in his fathers army , but now you must lead in his place , said shinji .
they will prefer to maintain the order of life here , even as a lie , in place of becoming ronin themselves .
i should nt have let her be taken in the first place .
and i did nt think the west hired beasts in place of warriors .
though i d gladly trade places with you right now .
fewer roots covered the land , in their place -- smooth grey stones .
the lackluster sheen of his eyes made it was obvious that something was missing from the child -- and darkness took its place .
the safety of the rocky earth was far to their backs , the colossal black roots of the dead tree had taken their place .
but almost instantaneously , a dozen more walking corpses were there to take their place .
but more were always there to take their place .
ten more took its place .
he would rather die than have an innocent creature take his place . '
all at once this was gone , and in its place was only the sound of the great turtle steadily breathing .
flying like light undisturbed , the arrow took the place that esmeraldas song and the tears of the ivory turtle prescribed for it .
hoels brown stallion slipped into place effortlessly , but adam struggled as adam always did .
his father left a powerful team in place .
that would be your proper place as future wife to the barn leader , elen teased .
hopefully it ll be a shadow that s not insidei stop , staring blankly at the white haired woman who caught me in the first place .
brick plunged his hand into the pocket of his leather jacket , and pulled out a large , heavy , leather akubra hat , despite the fact the hat could n't possibly have fit into his pocket in the first place .
it made henrietta 's back shake just to listen to it , and then she watched in horror and fascination as the door gave way , but in its place a wall of magical symbols and squares stood instead .
by now she understood the process ; a strange symbol would appear at her feet , energy would crackle over her , she would begin to float , her clothes would disappear , and in their place an incredibly skanky outfit would take place instead .
by now she understood the process ; a strange symbol would appear at her feet , energy would crackle over her , she would begin to float , her clothes would disappear , and in their place an incredibly skanky outfit would take place instead .
stand in his place .
you can make my excuses , and listen to the discussion in my place .
he sent his cousin to the gathering in his place .
with a flash sheiva transformed again and nathan gasped ; a silver - haired boy stood in his place , thin and delicate , with a wolfish grin and knowing eyes .
ilene is feeling a little unwell and forgets her place .
young kee dala here also sometimes forgets his place .
frustrated , he desisted and left the new band of power in place .
the people are afraid , my lady , and understandably so , but there are plans in place to get them all away .
he leaves nothing and spares nothing and , worst of all , when they take a place , first they kill the children .
invent another tool that works in its place .
i must be honest it was lyrias idea in the first place .
once all were in place , it was just a matter of waiting while the plain filled and overflowed with the ice lords army .
many were killed or maimed , but more took their places .
maker or no , there was nothing he could build that would take the bards place in his heart .
ashwins pleasant charm dissipated and a restrained anguish took its place .
with me dead , as he would have immediately assumedas he would have prayedthere would be no more need to attempt to justify the bastard he d adopted as his heir in place of me .
abbys anxiety began to dissipate , and in its place was the sense of adventure .
change places with elijah , take your sword off and find a cape with a hood and cover yourself .
mica changed places with elijah , removed her sword and gabriel found her a hooded brown woollen cape .
normally they cowered , accepted their place and did the bidding of the kings representatives without question , but this time they had rebelled , had fought the soldiers .
one of the other guards stepped up into his place .
adar and yost had found their place .
a second later , and without uttering a single word , the chair disappeared and an inviting bed appeared in its place , which meant i d have to cross over the aurora borealis again to reach it .
a dark evil was released that threatened aluras life and thyzil stood in her place before a fatal blow could befall her .
if one is destroyed , another will take its place .
a moment later a reflection on a computer monitor appeared , and when i turned around , the last vending machine was missing and in its place was a lycanthrope .
when queen isomara died a few weeks after the prince was born , the royal priest announced that the castle be in mourning until another queen takes her place .
did the king believe another queen would take her place ?
i am here in his place , to keep the two of you safe and to see that those lower in rank are governed properly .
selenah was also getting stronger as the days wore on and i was able to call for tiran in time to take conner 's place as captain of the guard when he was unable to leave selenah 's side .
just after midday , korx kicked the snoring burl and the two exchanged places .
thus cultures and empires collapsed to make place for new formations .
it is most compatible with his requirements ; for it excludes the personality and puts in its place the majority characterized by stupidity , incompetence , and last but not least , cowardice .
when i die there will be others to take my place and continue the struggle .
he asks himself why he had raised his fist to knock on the door in the first place .
once brydon is no more , i can take my place , and rule two more kingdoms .
were going to have to switch places .
and i knew i was a fool to let the spell consume me in the first place .
we had switched places .
the kings guards , almost oblivious to their failure to protect the king , were still celebrating the death of the troll and were all in place for the coronation .
it is taking place now , he said and ran back out the door .
let me go my lady , she said , let me go in your place .
he had certainly tried killing animals in place of humans before .
where one fell , ten others took its place .
hellospikes fell to ash in great numbers , but their numbers grew for when one fell , four others took its place .
but his mind had kept each piece of information knowing that one day the pieces would all fall into place .
regret and shame taking place of my irritated moment , i replied to him , sure , lets take the small table at the back .
i stepped in her place and took it from vulcan .
soon my view of the water started to fade as the sun went down and darkness took its place .
at the thought of him , guilt took the place of anger .
step aside , one of the humans demanded , and the one with black hair took her place .
amon went on , confusion taking the place of anger .
exasperation took the place of fear , and she jumped to her feet .
sacred wind : book 2 preview * you ll gasp as baron blackties dastardly scheme starts to fall into place * you ll gasp again as a horrible kidnap is perpetrated * you ll nod knowingly as the prophecy is revealed * you ll cheer and put out bunting as our heroes set sail for chester * you ll be terrified as we delve into the depths of the mine of hairy growler * you ll hide behind the sofa as the battle of the pigs trotters begins * you ll do some more gasping as the baron reveals his secret * you ll smile winsomely when an unexpected companion appears * you ll have a great desire to learn ancient welsh witchenese * and you ll be very concerned about the tan - y - lan tuffies skill at charades all this and more awaits you in sacred wind : book 2 .
now i see my path , taking the place of my father and i will be fixed on a path i have no freedom to control .
much has taken place , but my heart has been wary to discuss it , as the falsehoods abound around me .
but i can never reclaim what is lost , and those conversations that would have so helped me now will never take place .
a garden easily as vast , with its own lakes ; in place of fruits and trees stood obsidian , sculpted expertlyhis own work , he murmured in my earbut they did not move , did not grow .
outings followed , and more trees , and more words , during whichchangelost her awe of the god and gained in its place a wrenching want for the woman .
there s little family resemblance ; marriages , migrations , and sheer centuries have washed those out , sculpted quite something else in the place of features possessed by change .
it is a good thing that i was already looking for neal in the first place .
the therians formed their own realms , the first being formed in america and then many migrating to other places in the world and initiating more realms , getting encouragement from the witchesnow there are thirteen huge realms , each looked after by each of the thirteen witches .
neal snaps , be in my place and then form judgments .
neal says , handing over the towel and my clothes to me , for which he seems to be following me in the first place .
pandora ran and kissed their mother goodnight as marlon hugged ted happily , then they switched places for pandora to hug ted and marlon to kiss dreamer , then they both ran upstairs to bed , pandora tripping marlon up mischievously so she could reach her room first .
shell immediately think you re trying to take her mothers place .
i did nt want you to think she was taking your mothers place , dora .
and her mother was the reason she had to come in the first place .
she also has to know she was wrong to try getting rid of julian in the first place .
maybe he wanted to take my place and run things like i do .
any girl would ve died to be in her place : somehow it spread that i was a girl expert , and now at school i was begged to stroke random girls hair , and do other stuff .
surely there s another hero in our kingdom that would prefer to go in their place , to certain death .
at once , with awesome speed and competence , a group of men rushed to the side of the injured bearer , cut him loose from his straps , and while one of them hurried to take his place , the other two held the useless invalid down and a third , without a moments hesitation , plunged his knife into the mans abdomen , ripped him open ( all along oblivious to his shrieks ) , and with a few expert thrusts of the blade removed the dying mans liver and then , with a quick bow , he held it up to the rider , glistening with fresh blood and still pulsing .
any other man in his place would be content and wish no further betterment but veig treth , unlike most men , was plagued by ambition as one is by an incurable ailment : the mere thought of waiting for the childless widow to croak and then spending the rest of his days merely enjoying the benefits of her bequest made him physically ill , robbed him of sleep and left him yearning for the life he truly desired : being not merely one of the spirit homes servants but high servant of the castle and of all feerien .
and then he reached the gates and his traitorous fantasy crumbled in a single stroke for instead of the four - horse carriage and the armed and mounted escort he d been expecting , there stood before him an old , black , mangy mare , with a filthy pile of sackloth in the place of a proper saddle , and , hanging from a sheath across her flank , a sword so tarnished and blunt that even if he d been a master swordsman ( which he was most definitely not ; carving knives were the closest thing to a weapon he had ever held ) he could inflict with it as much injury as with a willow switch or a sprig of rosemary .
but when yern suggested that they attach it to the mare so the seers and yonfi could lie down for a spell while he and the high servant take their place on the horse , veig treth ( an oddly disturbing name ) would nt hear of it .
at the passing of the reign , the old lichelord and the new one must meet at tol - mari , and both of them enter the kalakrn in the crypt beneath the earth , for they are made from the shadows of the earth , and the enthronement can only take place beneath the ground again .
* * * the group set out again , their number restored , though none of them wished to have this strange al - ferian boy in place of yavn , who seemed more playful in his life than thos was while now still young .
the sun did nt chase away the chill or the bite of winter , however , winter would nt give up its place to summer easily .
more may fall into place eventually .
however , with her sexual craving satisfied , another was slowly building to take its place .
his father cleared the old wood from the pit before finding some very small pieces to put in their place .
the other branch was ripped from its socket many years before , with only small green shoots in its place .
finally my mind clicks back into place .
his hair appeared to have been burned off in places and instead of two eye sockets , he had one , and a charred , burn scarred lump of flesh in place of his left eye , partially covered by the patch .
i give you my word saul karza , no enchantments are necessary or in place .
do not question me riine , your place is on the floor , now go before i decide to you punish you further .
i m sure it started back in athens when i agreed to go out to l.a . with elliot in the first place .
find another girl crazy enough to take my place ?
so you wanted to take my place .
in its place someone had put up a new sign on gleaming hooks , and in bright paint were the clear words : the last inn .
the wayfarer bent down toward the wolf in his place and said , do you think the people here will say the same ?
elis smile was completely gone now , and a scowl started to take its place .
the fire disappeared , leaving in its place a beautiful bird that looked like a flame , or a flame that looked like a bird ; it was hard to tell which , when the phoenix rustled its wings to steady itself .
it ... my ankle ... they re healers , and this one happened to owe me , kota said , and showed her his hands where thin white marks had taken the place of his cuts .
look , i talked to your dad , and he said your brother arthur could come to the inn with you and take my place .
she was there in place of the sword in a white dress .
i looked at her anxiously as it appeared magically on the table in place of the other food .
he was the one who told me to leave in the first place .
what did he even do that you stuck him in a well in the first place ?
now watch will put that djinn in his place .
her doom stone shard was dust by the time her male companion had leaped forward to take her place .
his lifeless corpse had just dropped to the ground when another two rushed forward to take his place .
in its place was a deep black hole .
he has driven the dwarves from the gold mines and plans to use the elves in their place .
in its place was a burning hole , a bottomless abyss that seemed to suck everything he poured into it up , and demand more .
the pounding had quieted some as they had traveled through the caverns , but a loud humming had taken its place .
the tile in front of it slid underneath and replaced it in the first position and every time they cleared a tile the one ahead slid back to take its place .
my place is at the side of my queen .
i ' m to rule in premo 's place when he 's out of the city .
he handed her pouch back and as he padded from the room she heard him whisper back thanking her for putting the book back in its place .
he ushered keno from the chair and sat himself in his place .
as kurayne turned to watch tyan leave he saw the king standing in his place , the body of his friend limp in the dirt .
when this is over you will hang in place of those symbols .
there is much to do still , but to see the walls in place is more than i expected so soon .
he simply assumed that his love had sincerely taken place as tatiana had for always hoped .
while listening of wholehearted intent , her hand find place upon the man who brought her an unknown comfort .
she would take back her rightful place .
corozons response of sarcasm being fuel to a few giggles , yeh , you know , i figure if i was to step into your place as queen , then i better make an impression .
the afternoon sun make its way behind the mountains , while the full moon held strong and resplendent in its place .
though it is with great pride and complete faith , that she who takes my place shall be more than i ever was .
she let go of corozons hands and stepped back ; their former bodies returned in place .
there had always been a small part of her that held onto the belief that one day tatiana would return , resuming her place as queen .
by a secret agreement , google was ready to carry it live , in place of the scar show , with a hidden camera .
square had seen men in his place before , been there himself .
and it is true that once i began to wear it around my neck these evil dreams ceased , and in their place came a sadness because atlatla was thinking of me but was so far away .
many people were leaving , and there was much noise , but i held my place and made my mother stop and wait .
my mother and the other clever woman from chacwitz made little feather - tiaras , and some families offered these to ah - puch in the place of their children .
this is what it takes for them to learn their places : sun comes into their chamber and takes one , two , three steps into the room .
he brought forth rags and brushes and small pots of paint and cleaned and repainted the masks ; my place during all of this was to watch , and learn .
that is why you must learn more , so that you can defeat your fathers and take your place in the village .
but perhaps we are strong enough to return to the village and take our places as men .
in the night , they speak with your mothers about making new sons to take your places . ''
` ` we will see who takes my place , '' he said .
at the end of the telling i dropped three ears of black maize into the fire , a sacrifice to ah - puch in place of the children of our village .
and this is what i felt : surprise at these actions , and the sting in my heart that said atlatla had returned and reclaimed his place .
my own training required great attention , i was telling many stories in the circle , maybe it was just more comfortable in my own place of strength than in the place of my father and my brother .
sometimes he nodded , and when we were finished , late that day , the stories were truly whole and proper again , and the dances fell into their places , and i remembered the ways of the masks without difficulty .
perhaps he had cared for a mountain woman but had to return to cab coh and take his place .
my manhood ceremony was coming , my uncle was trying to prepare me for my place as a man .
only two murders had taken place , the craftsman and my brother , and so for most of the village the celebration was filled with thanks .
we take our places among the warriors and the lords of men .
her joy was stolen that day , and in its place put sadness .
in its place was an eyesore of a house that was painted bright blue .
in its place was sadness .
once the dance ended there was another council member there to take his place .
strolling together arm - in - arm , caleb wondered at the fact that with the obvious business transactions that would take place in such an establishment , that he seemed to be the only male in attendance .
instead of fleeing , the horse kept its place between saffi and dessidus , and dropped down to the ground , huffing and snorting as its blood filled the path carved in the plains by wagon wheels .
usually leaving one feeling tortured and regretful for saying no to her in the first place .
although it had to steal my place to get her comfortable , he smirks at the thought , remembering how hard it was to keep carmina close to him at times when she slept .
nobody touches her once she takes up her place .
every control mechanism he has ever formed has to stay in place today .
jarrod has taken up his place amongst the local group of hunters and scouts .
and margarith thinks this stupid girl does nt want her place ?
i make a point of being at every meal , taking up mommas place at the head of the table .
the tension from liams face makes place for a boyish smile .
the young man is protesting against the elders actions , begging and pleading to let him take the place of his child .
malice and cruelty filled the monsters laughing reply , what if i ordered that you take the place of the hog at tonights feast ?
the guardsman was left to ward the gate and keep a watch in case any in league with the witch happened by ; peter donned the sages robes and took his place at the stake for the same reason .
the woman shook her head sadly , alas , but i am summoned to the royal palace and there to take my place as ladys maid to the new princess !
am i to take your place forever ?
he trod through the streets , his coat shining like the moon and his voice ringing like thunder in the valleys , daring the usurper to assume his place upon the throne .
the order of the unicorn has mandated that every city , province , and kingdom must have a representative of the order in place to settle minor disputes and to relieve the local authorities of the tedium of maintaining law and order .
stenn could at least be at ease in knowing that she might never have to seriously consider those questions or even know that they were being considered in the first place .
raziel took notice as well , and a split second afterward we both sprang backward out of the way , in our place was a black , armor - clad foot that had attempted to stomp us .
i was sure that all of my people were slaughtered by the fallen legions ... so therefore ben should not exist ... unless ... a few of the pieces suddenly snapped into place .
after all , she was the one that taught me how to play violin in the first place .
but for every demon i killed , it seemed like two more took its place , and i could n't hold out forever .
just being here has caused a multitude of deaths , including a bunch of innocent people ... so tell me , spirit , why could n't you just let me fade to oblivion , in the place of all of those people ... ?
she turned to shut the door but realized it had never been opened in the first place .
` ` so you 're going to try to take my place .
its my place as gregs wife to help him .
i also quickly learned that the middle - aged hispanic woman i spoke with had taken nancys place .
she was hoping that they had a spot for her turns out that the hispanic woman that took her place had just quit .
remember your place , brother !
as he reflexively flexed his elbow in order to open his umbrella so that he could protect himself from the coming rains , he realized that in all his perturbation about what was inside that white building , he had forgotten to bring his umbrella in the first place !
its not the place of a farmhand to decide which rules apply to him and which ones do nt .
the room fell silent , embarrassed that gabriel had either not understood his place or did not know the procedures .
anger resolved in its place .
now he understands that she s begging for annihilation in his place .
he leaves his camera and enlarger and other stuff in their place as proof of his sincerity .
its probably then that they usurp the place of the originals in his mind .
now there s a third woman in their place , who answers to their name but that s practically the only resemblance .
one day they look out of the window and see fog in the place of the city .
only intervention on supreme echelon level ( advocate whispers the term fearfully ) and appointment of a more able and conscientious individual in his place could remedy the disastrous situation .
he tugs at the window , shoves the shutters open and looks down at the courtyard with the bronze - caster that usurps the place of her fathers tailor shop .
at first he thinks he s changed places with the dead below .
' i will go with you , ' amro said , when they had all taken places at the fire .
their uniforms mirrored daggers , but all bore different symbols in place of his white namesake .
kahn was left standing in his place momentarily , but he too collapsed to the ground , weak , weary and wounded .
when scioni overthrew the self serving republic that had formed in the void after the fall of the first empire , one of his first acts was against the incipient movement to reinstate slavery in place of the common practice of indenture as more humane .
good job , said jesca as he took his place .
when you become more than we are , then you will take our place , and things will really start to get interesting .
kaydence is in a daze , but says assertively , i also ask the people outside this immediate circle to allow this joining to take place .
daygun is shocked , and says , i ca nt take your place .
i need someone strong to take my place .
if i take your place , everyone will say my politics are done in the name of my god , and not for your gods .
melercertis has not yet said anything to her , so she is unaware of what is to take place .
if you help me , melercertis , i will take your place when you go to the next life .
who will take my place ?
the enemy has tens of thousands of men dying on the battlefield , but millions take their places .
she was with child , and i accompanied her in the place of one of her midwives who got the pox .
now wayden would be taking mavik 's place for the sacrifice .
instead fate had simply switched their places , but they were just as separated as ever .
then , in an effort to perfect the man and all humankind , very shortly thereafter another shimmering ball of white light was again birthed from the vine and took its place as another human , a woman , placing her closest to the first ball of shining light on the land , the man .
but she insisted that i attend this meeting at linda 's today since this afternoon was the only time she could meet with her doctor so my attending in her place as a proxy is how she 's going to try and be in two places at the same time , '' he replied .
it was nt his place to question the captain .
the sack swords were given their name because they are so poorly equipped they have to carry their swords in potato sacks in place of sheaves .
the only mercenary leader ever worth fearing was droak and he perished in the battle for jamik , an advisor said , seemingly trying to put his own fears to rest in place of adding anything noteworthy .
in hindsight , perhaps we should have asked for help from the other worlds to rid the city of the dead orcs in place of getting the refugees to do it , another advisor said .
well , aneekus place was teaching this boy what it meant to lose a fight .
atacir flew on ahead , taking his place in the lead once more , hoping to find more dragons .
but in place of the darkness of his eyelids he saw voak .
the other noticeable exception was the colour , in place of what should have been light brown was a very dark blue .
his eyes then began to tremble and in place of anger or apprehension his voice was filled with sorrow .
i have informed morzu and oos about what you overheard in the city , it pleases us greatly that everything seems to be falling in place .
in place of thinking strategically about the moment at hand , the entire thing had felt very routine , like his body was simply going through the motions of preparations .
match head ged knew this , but like any good commander he had used the desperation as motivation in place of letting it devour his troops .
in place of a scream came a grunt , followed by a gasp as aneeku suddenly struck his own sword upon kaes .
in place of being concerned he merely laughed and the astounding duel continued .
in place of sending them in a fleet , they each fell into his palm , joining together in some bizarre corruption .
he stepped back occasionally in place of blocking , enjoying how pathetic edo volis appeared .
but in place of attacking fang and scratch landed gracefully on either side of him with traces of dust and stone raising up silently in the air upon their landings .
she ordered , you should nt have left it in the first place .
but in place of the star glowing in a familiar way it began to change into a nameless shape , flashing with dark disturbing colours .
fully expecting the red energy to consume , he was at least grateful he would die instantly by its wrath in place of rotting away because of the mist .
the immense soldier crumbled with a gurgle , ripping the knife from match heads hand as it was swallowed up by a sea of opponents pressing forward to take its place .
i can not speak to what you feel you deserve cada varl , that is nt my place .
in their place was a forest with tall , umbrella - shaped trees he could nt identify .
while it was doing so , and alice was busy treading in place , she took the time to read the note on the inside of the ( apparently waterproof ) glass dome over the flower .
when alice shifted her eyes from the doorway back to the figure , it was suddenly gone and she could nt be entirely sure it had even ever been there in the first place .
i ask , forgetting my place .
in its place , more curiosity burns .
once the x rays were examined , and the doctor was scrubbed in , he took his place at the operating table .
ahoti unloaded the sled ; he traded places with amatola .
sitting at the table with her bath things in her lap , she traded places with him as he exited the bathroom .
the warriors body would fall to the ground and explode , leaving a pile of gray ash in its place .
behind her , the metal squealed and creaked , and the doorway we d just exited disappeared behind a sliding sheet of metal , leaving only a red steel wall in its place .
haegatess took willims place by btris side and prepared her to give birth .
when he stood , she sat in his place by btris and the baby .
after they felt loosened by the good wine , orrick spoke first because it was his place as the jarl of leifsbudir , i wish we had come together to celebrate ; instead we are here because the norns have woven sorrow into the days of my clan .
his resurgence of hope came as he watched the red light fade from the beothuk war captains eyes to leave behind an expression of fearful doubt that took its place .
i will put the maidens belt back on you myself , knowing truthfully that you are no less pure for what took place .
but i d take her place any day .
she crammed it back down under her anger , which swelled in its place .
she held him like that for a moment , then turned her back on him and returned to her place at the new lords side .
since this whole situation isproblematici do nt know if it is my place the duke sat , and motioned her to do the same .
he would have to put her in her place sometime soon .
and here , he continued are the thirty - one students that will be taking place in this test .
the mission had been her idea in the first place ; shed originally intended to simply pay a couple friends to take her here , but once shed spoken to max that night in kona , they d been in consistent contact to the point that when sky had decided on her course , they wanted to come with her .
it seemed stupid beyond belief to seth that himself and iri were told to capture and kill two separate dreamcasters who were on their way to the capital to join the legion academy , and then show up in their place .
i do nt really want to go into it , but that was my dads dream in the first place , and well he died trying to achieve it .
but apart from sightseeing and the experience of going to the capital city , sky knew that their crew was still pursuing the mission they d set out on in the first place to destroy the dark once and for all .
lyght did nt know how , but the enemy had somehow managed to ambush them ; the ones who were supposed to be the ones setting up an ambush in the first place .
crossing his fingers that the question was asking him to write out the riflemans creed rather than explain the place of the rifleman in a fire team , dj began to scrawl what he hoped would come out as , this is my rifle .
i m using the magical properties of these items to take the place of casting with my own power .
eventually , sam came out and took cassies place at the bar .
it was only later , when her father had left and cassie had resigned herself to the fact that she was going to have to get herself to court on the sly , that it occurred to her to wonder how serenus had gotten her measurements for the dress in the first place .
cassie had no idea what to expect ; she was sure cordley was cautious , but she would nt be surprised if he d thought the real challenge was kidnapping her out from under sams nose in the first place .
he gently woke asphodel , and she took her place on watch .
its not our place to decide who will live and who will die , to put ourselves in the place of the gods .
the wolf packs members are filled with zest and all do have their place the hunt their foes with ruthlessness then vanish without trace .
it moved away , and another one took its place , this time , thadora saw when she ventured a peek through tightly squeezed eyelids , a more greyish colour .
these they appropriated in place of their own .
many people advised me to remarry , but i could nt face the idea of another woman living in this house as mistress in place of your mother .
but time passes , and although i could never have put anyone else in the place of my dearest fenissa , i felt the need of female company on occasion , so i started to visit madame doparis establishment from time to time .
in his place she slipped the shadow .
thinking how beautiful the heartstone would look in place of that emptiness , he plucked the red jewel from his silver crown and slid it tenderly where once had beat a living heart .
then i take his place on the council , and vote for war in his stead .
well , then its a good thing i was next in line to take his place as the head of the council .
i heard that your brother has taken your place as head of the council , and you know how much he hates the humans .
even his social life began to sort itself out , removed as he was from the general population of astoria , he did not have to witness the death of his once adored public persona , rather other students rose up to take his place of prominence and strangely , he did not mind , rather he grew closer to some , including hawk and some of his cohort , with whom he had hardly interacted before while those who had once adored him were all but absent .
jace immediately put the boy in his place , you are the one who slunk in terror to astoria and begged to be allowed to take the oath and that a way might be found to spare your kingdom .
jace nodded and he continued , you will resume your place when we get back to umboria as if nothing has happened and you will do exactly as you are told by those who hold the true power .
he had only one eye , as all those who had taken place at the head of the fortress throughout history , as angras vicars on earth .
what in bloody hell do you want to do , be torn to pieces in her place ?
on the handle at least four hands would have found place .
there are a lot of guys out there who would love to take stephens place .
instead , i found a palace in its place .
in its place was a door , standing wide open .
the smile faded from her face , a serious expression taking its place .
he could not believe that his plans were successfully falling into place .
no other must take his place .
his sword was not in its place either .
without you , i can not take my rightful place .
when i first came to forsynthia , all those years ago , the wildflowers you see were already in their place .
he chose trevor to go in his place because he wanted to spare the boy from the line of questions questions that would have insisted he almost brought death to his father .
and if benyamina were murdered , kbra , since she was ns partner , would be the next in line to take the place of ensi .
at some point during the night , my mommas had switched places with grandma edie and g - mom .
my cheerleading team is pulling off a prank taking place at ? ?
but , its taking place at their local malls food court .
but , that introduction never took place .
i would be injured beyond repair if i thought someone else had taken my place in her heart .
articles left in place will be materially confiscated and destroyed before disembarking .
margil hovered anxiously at the door and followed oliver , taking the place of his shadow .
she will take menaans place to rule over the innocents , and she will restore the faith and worship of hekates name here .
lina had only just taken her place in the lead , but isis was still powerful , or at leastshe used to be .
one empire falls , but a new one rises in its place .
it was a mighty weight he bared , and there were very few that would trade places with him .
when all had been disposed of she called out a few ancient words and the hole closed , leaving only a steaming spot in its place .
they traded places instantly ; zach banged about on the control panel .
he just knew it that reggie , alf and mixer would have performed better in his place .
and maybe , just maybe , there were records of those searches , still written into this index searches that might just answer a very important question why anyone had been looking for gregory in the first place ?
he put the strange white bone into his own pocket ; and he put lesleys blood frond in its place , and he touched the button he d seen remy almost press to begin the scrying , cringing in expectation of the almost painful collision of wills he d felt last time .
` ` but papa- '' ` ` mind your place , daughter .
she was with child , and i joined her entourage , in the place of one of her midwives who got the pox .
instead fate had switched their places , keeping them just as separate as ever .
kor would have been more comfortable with the company of soldiers , but she resigned herself to the rowdy crowd of university students that took their place .
if you prefer , i can have srea gala take my place .
it had the body of a lion , but in place of the neck and head there was the head and torso of an armored man .
they must have ambushed one of the slaver parties before they got here , and taken their place , impersonating them .
in their place appeared a purple halo , and in the halo appeared snoffle , in the form he most commonly adopted : of a pair of adolescent twins , one male and one female , but otherwise identical except for skin color : his black and hers red .
just in case darestigans shield might fail to give them complete privacy , talek cast a mystifying spell , rendering them undetectable and creating two decoys to take their places .
he was a small man with a twisted scar in place of his left eye .
do nt even think about getting someone else to take your place , unless you are ill or injured and have gotten permission from the angel in charge to do so .
with a smile , the beater put a fresh piece in its place .
opposites , said ytrinduopf , tend to change places .
quarantine in place , reported a somewhat chastened huse .
please , said anandra , stepping away from kanior , and gesturing for dr . aobija to take her place .
she heard ksells voice in commentary : the blinking lights were bits of matter which served as carriers for the souls , in place of their original bodies .
i have taken his place , and most people are fooled , but you can see that i am not like him .
yes , he thought , i will take his place , i will continue his lifes work !
leaving this girl to take the punishment in his place !
there is no leader , said an older man , but i will take her place , if you wish .
you may satisfy one , but another will arise in its place .
kosai , mind your place , one of the guards said .
it seemed for every grain of sand he wiped away ten more took its place .
the woman touched his forehead with her fingers and the vision of his seed appeared to him , not as a dream , but of the things that were to take place .
the assistant to the head was to be taught by the head the words of the unspoken so that when head teacher passed away , his assistant could take his place with a full knowledge of the unspoken and then appoint another from the teachers to be his assistant .
who would take his place ?
the guard cleared his throat and continued to shift in his place , nerys remained still and silent .
a smile could not help but creep across nerys face as she saw the woman had decided to wear a bright , red dress in place of the elegant , red robes usually worn by the shepards of the last woods .
our man sits his place , wets the handkerchief with a glass of water on the table , and cleans himself .
cigan gets out of the toilet and takes his place .
he sits on his place .
meho follows the place of the ox - headed professor by using his tablet .
and pulls her husband by arms so that he sits his place .
in front of us the stone floor was no more , murky water had taken its place instead .
robin breathed a deep sigh and took his place .
that could have easily been becky or lilly on the floor , the thought of my friends taking her place made me sick but i had to move on .
remember your place !
i would try get rid of one , then another would appear to take its place .
no such union can take place .
his partner in crime brandtner is indisposed , so he takes a circle already written out for sabrina , and sends it up to her room in place of her room service order .
slithering up her body the snake headed for her arm and took his place .
diving into her stomach the elvin archer returned to her place .
until they all had taken their place .
dad , can onyx take brendens place ?
` ` he asked me to take her place as his bride .
a series of white strings over the groin , like the ties on the back of a merry widow , took the place of a zipper .
` ` you would take his place ? ''
` ` i would give my wrist in your place , but i am not heir , '' doyle said .
` ` to take his place at your side . ''
doyle moved forward , letting rhys take his place at my side .
` ` i will not teach you my place , for you will replace me . ''
` ` you offered yourself in our place last night , princess .
` ` do you want me to send someone else to take my place ? ''
he 'd taken doyle 's place when it became clear that doyle was n't coming back to his old job .
` ` then answer me straight , and no one here need know how you lost your place . ''
` ` frost , choose someone to take aisling 's place , so we can see to his wounds . ''
he put his helmet back on , and went to take aisling 's place .
` ` no , he had release , but our clothes were in place , and he has never entered my body with so much as a fingertip . ''
` ` take your place with her guards , barinthus .
` ` would you take their place , dormath ?
` ` i would offer my blood in your place if it would satisfy niceven . ''
` ` will you give up your place in her bed ? ''
` ` but i could take nicca 's place , and kiss you with more than mouths . ''
` ` cel spoke of the day he could take his mother 's place .
he means to take her place in every sense of the word , princess .
` ` my place is with my holders . ''
we 'll not stop until rolf 's men need to change places in the harness , steadholder , and that may be long after dark .
but in its place , he felt only an emptiness that filled with a sudden and sickening nausea .
araris , as miles 's second , fought the duel in his place . ''
` ` you 'll make me lose my place . ''
more pieces fell into place , and amara 's sense of horror rose as they did .
the taken moved at once , others picking up the spears and moving into the place of the fallen - but the disruption was enough to create an opening in the fence of rude spears , allowing the legionares to drive their charge home .
seagulls did n't have long , needle - like teeth in place of beaks .
with that in mind , the rest of the plan falls pretty easily into place .
he turned away , made a move as if to leave and let the cold presence take his place .
' at any rate , the greater omen seems to act as a substitute for the abysmyths , if you will , giving orders in place of them . '
' do you think i got this from jogging in place all this time you ' ve been unconscious , vulnerable and oh - so - stabbable ?
they were emaciated , true , with their bulbous heads at odds with their bony torsos , their slithering eel tails in place of legs .
in their place grew something cold .
in the place of eyes were two indentations in the skull covered with thick , black fur .
` ` his place is with us , '' shalake called back .
in place of a left arm , a stump , sickly green with poison , hung from a bony shoulder .
and in its place was a gaping void from which a bright light poured like blood from an open wound .
if we 're still loved and remembered , something else a whole lot like us comes along and takes our place and the whole damn thing starts all over again .
in place of the wolf a man came out on the other side of the fire .
it 's his place to give the all - clear .
they send others to battle in their place . ''
and , since she 's no longer here for him to hate , he hates me in her place .
but kell paid her no more mind than he paid the wrinkled - up man who took her place as his chess partner .
a haze of smoke like the aftermath of cannon - fire lay thickly upon the deck , and when he climbed up the stairs he found a gaping charcoal fire - pit in place of the dragondeck , the edges of the remaining planking crisped like burnt paper .
the french seized his arms and put a blade to his throat , calling to eroica , ` ` geben sie oben , '' while they pulled down the prussian flags and put the tricolor in its place .
when all had eaten their share , laurence sent salyer up in martin 's place , and had the midshipman down for his own meal ; and then gong su began heaving the dismembered joints of the sheep 's carcass out of the cauldron one at a time directly into temeraire 's waiting jaws , so the hot juice would not run out of them and go to waste .
` ` go and get the harness arranged , '' laurence told granby , and took his place bracing the egg ; the shell was hard and glossy and queerly hot to the touch under his hands , so he even took a moment to pull on his gloves ; ferris and riggs , on the other side , were wincing their hands away alternately .
molly told me i could either take another elective or engage in some kind of independent study in place of a language , if i got a teacher to sponsor me .
i had n't realized it out in the sun in the middle of the game , but he was the player micah had swapped places with .
i should ' ve just talked to you in the first place ... '' the words came out in a jumble .
it was n't my place to babysit keith .
` ` hope you 're ready to step up and take his place . ''
i had n't told him that i 'd actually passed on taking the place for myself .
she wore a cocky look on her face that i 'd seen when visiting her community , but here it was underscored with some nervousness as she took in adrian 's place .
the short , spiky hair was gone ; in its place was a sleek bob .
` ` his sister would only take his place .
in its place stood a three - foot - tall homunculus : stocky , bald , but with a bushy , fiery red beard .
john told me to tell you that if you ' ve changed your mind , he 'll arrange to fly in another committee ace to take your place .
` ` the marines in place ? ''
but aliyah was an old hand at this , and ellen became aware that all her things were whirling around in the funnel , a crazy wizard of oz swirl of haute couture and luggage , jonathan 's joining hers as he dissolved , a cloud of green wasps taking their place in the eye .
of course , he 'd spent all those years in the forge back at the steadholt , and she 'd once seen him practicing there by the light of dying embers , late one night , using an iron bar in place of an actual weapon .
take ... take his place ? ''
granted , the deceptive shadows and sourceless glow of starlight could be worse than pure darkness when it came to aiming at a target , but tavi would vastly have preferred a night so stygian as to prevent him from becoming a target in the first place .
crassus seized the fallen man and dragged him back , while other legionares pressed up to take his place .
things started to fall into place .
suddenly the enormity of it crashed down on me ... david , turning to ash and shadows ; siobhan , dying in my place ; lewis , dying right now , dying as i watched .
the second i saw him , memory clicked into place : baseball cap , windbreaker , the same lean , whipcord body .
to let a friend suffer in my place ?
the wolves have a law : whoever kills the clan leader takes his place .
he left in its place a facsimile .
` ` you killed the clan leader so you could take his place ? ''
luke , whose place as her father this man was trying to take .
or do you want the address of the club so you can look for someone to take my place ? ''
` ` nobody can take your place , corine .
for it perished , just as my mother did ; the burning of the pretty little house where we used to live had given birth to this thing that squatted in its place .
blackness threatened to flood my mind 's eye , giving me nothing in place of agony .
in her place sat a dire cassandra prophesying doom and gloom .
i nodded as the sheriff came for me a fourth time and left chance in my place .
when she pulled her keys out of her handbag , another piece fell into place ; she had a horseshoe on her keychain .
missy england will take her dad 's place .
you will have the building finished by '' -i named a date- '' or i will hire someone else to take your place .
gilder had gone at some point , leaving another hauntingly exquisite luren in his place .
in place of the split - faced sun rose a breathtaking moon .
and then the queen would ascend , taking her place ruling over the castes , and she would regulate gate use , as she had done in ages past .
in place of flesh , he had glass casement , permitting the ones who had done this to him to see inside his sternum .
his body rippled , and then shifted ; the swordwraith took his place , and he threshed the girl clear .
in my place , she would ' ve killed me by now .
tears streamed down my face , and i fought for the athame , keeping my palm in place .
now he sounded how i imagined my dad would , if he had n't gone to sheol in my place .
instead , he went to the demon realm in my place to protect me from the demons who wanted to use my blood .
the librarian who 's been running the place for the last twenty years has nearly squared her account with twila , so i ' m queued up to take her place . ''
as far as he was concerned , the world he once knew was gone and the new one in its place made his years as an assassin in xops seem like a desk job .
the herald snapped up into place .
` ` will you let me in his place now ? ''
as nigel took his place at the table , he pulled his strength about him and resumed the mantle of leadership whilst byron smiled and poured .
` ` with the spell in place , we 're not a value - add .
and in its place , there was a cold regard that he imagined people in laboratories wore as they watched the results of petri - dish cultures .
their introduction took place at a hall which faced upon another great plaza called the cusipata : iskierka led them on proudly and descended at nearly the far end of the long courtyard so their approach might have the best effect , in defiance of hammond 's advice .
` ` so i am afraid i can offer you not much hope of escape , '' laurence told hammond on shore , supervising the packing of his sea - chest : gerry was not particularly handy , and laurence was having to refold every item before it entered the flimsy wooden crate which should have to serve him for the purpose , ` ` unless you should persuade some other person to inveigle her away from you ; i may assure you that given your blessing there are several officers among our company who would gladly take your place in her affections . ''
i 'll spell you , or send the first spear in my place . ''
if we kill sari , one of his lieutenants will step up in his place .
at a nudge from the archer 's hip , the shieldman would swiftly step aside as his partner took his place , loosed a shot , and reversed the process , letting the shield move back to cover both men , providing but a bare second for the enemy to hit a living target .
` ` but even if you slay me and every man under my command , others will take our place .
the half brothers stood in their place for a moment , staring at one another .
then crassus was there , taking the place of the fallen knight , and the weary band of fliers descended to the second defensive position , a hundred yards from the south end of the bridge .
` ` my place is beside you . ''
the former would give him time to fly from ceres back to kalare - the latter would be about right for him to be returning from the forces put in place to stymie lord parcia 's legions .
rook rose - then she , too , changed , growing taller , more slender , until placidus aria stood in her place , the bewildered child held on one hip .
as defending legionares on the wall were cut down , the next men in line took their places .
the next ritualist down the ladder will just step into his place .
the truth was simpler , more obvious , and embodiment of it shivered in the rain before him , clutching her young to her , as desperate and as frightened as any aleran mother would be in her place .
a fencing mask sat in its place .
` ` someone has to take chrysalis 's place . ''
he slid off the stool and brennan took his place .
bones moved over and gestured for brennan to take his place .
` ` so how many other wild cards will get lynched in his place ?
my mom ended up skipping out on dinner and so raven took her place at the table .
i retreat toward the stairs , wishing i 'd never agreed to the date in the first place .
in her place is this weak girl who 's swiftly sinking into the darkness .
` ` but would n't that mean he was the one who took it in the first place ? ''
` ` and what will happen in its place ? ''
for some reason , i do n't think it 's going to be that easy , especially when asher 's uncle took the book in the first place and erased it .
` ` if you do n't feel comfortable enough doing it , i can trade places with you . ''
he stares at me with suspicion , almost like he knows i ' m full of shit , but it quickly evaporates and sympathy takes its place .
the kah - gash did that , having manipulated grubbs into helping the demons open the tunnel in the first place .
but it 's hard to picture anybody taking the magician 's place .
and i am now too weak to be of any use - i do not think i could find the power to kill you even if you talked me into letting you take my place . ''
a chandelier overhead , again woven from webs , with naked flames flickering in place of candles or light bulbs .
` ` we put you in place to save her life . ''
he could have walked the halls of corporate zombiedom and looked utterly in place , if he 'd taken off that clip - on badge from his belt and stuck a business i d in its place .
and it was catching , driving back the sickness and leaving purpose in its place .
` ` she put him there in the first place .
i probably deposited a million white horse hairs in its place .
she left , the door swinging in her place .
a neon open sign stuttered , one window was boarded up with wood in place of fixing broken glass , and a wall of motorbikes were lined out front .
` ` shortly after , the guitarist fell ill and i took his place .
sonja was in her place , black leaking holes for eyes and a demonic mouth .
if you do n't remember the deal , then it should n't be in place .
he probably thought that what was happening to me was his own form of punishment for making his deal in the first place .
to take desiderata 's place ! '
' sausage is all right in its place , and its place ai n't in bed .
and everyone in their place .
prayers and entreaties could be offered up in the place of lamentation .
brutha 's thoughts took eons to slide into place , it was like watching mountains colliding ; didactylos 's thoughts chased after one another with a whooshing noise .
and what took place was a plot not unadjacent to a play about a scottish king , which ended with verence ii becoming king of the little hilly , forested country of lancre .
i ai n't against gods and goddesses , in their place .
in the cemetery the solitary gravedigger filled in the hole that was the last resting place of d'eath senior .
they hit the right neuron , there 's a chain reaction , and a little while later someone is blinking foolishly in the tv lights and wondering how the hell he came up with the idea of pre - sliced bread in the first place .
a moment later another one appeared in its place , with the faintest of ' pings ' .
old hourglasses vanished , new ones took their place .
the other wizards felt something draining out of their souls and sudden uncertainty sloshing into its place .
could n't i simply take her place and sing the part ? '
it had gone , along with most of the other familiar furniture , and in its place were a number of low leather chairs that appeared to be incredibly comfortable until you 'd sat in them for five minutes .
' if you kill me a thousand will take my place , ' said the man , who was now backed against the wall .
' but you put it in the sack in the first place , did n't you ? '
' i was just asking his highness what ' ' -and if you , your highness , and you , mr ... my word , what a big sword , and you come back here and take your place among the honoured guests , and we 'll be ready in a brace of sheikhs ... ' what a thing it is to have a copper 's mind , vimes thought , as the great file of wizards and guests tried to form a dignified and orderly line behind him .
if you 'd take your place ... ' vimes walked to the head of the procession , feeling every gaze on him , hearing the whispers .
loyalty to a master was very important , but it took second place to loyalty to igordom .
the butchers have filled up the ice - houses and smoke - rooms and the only place we can store this grub is in our guts .
there was no sign of the pickles , the tongs or the mouse , but in their place was a bucket of clockwork pastry lobsters and a boxed set of novelty glass eyes .
now the lady and the wintersmith danced around the year , changing places in the spring and autumn , and it had worked for thousands of years , right up until the time a girl could n't control her feet and had arrived in the dance at exactly the wrong time .
' to take my place .
it was a rich and wonderful voice , with every diphthong gliding beautifully into place .
it normally took place on doorsteps , with all the participants standing with their arms folded and , if anyone was so ungracious as to walk past , they 'd stop abruptly and watch them in silence until they were safely out of earshot .
he strode off , wishing he could change places with gern and show just a hint of gibbering terror .
and so the guild had been encouraged to come out of the shadows and build a big guildhouse , take their place at civic banquets , and set up their training college with day - release courses and city and guilds certificates and everything .
if you ca n't beat it or corrupt it , you pretend it was your idea in the first place .
i wanted you to see galen put in his place . ''
with an annoyed growl , bercelak got the hint and moved out of the chair and into another one while brigida took his place and slowly settled her ancient human body at the table .
` ` but it turned out , '' she went on , unaware that addolgar saw her much differently now , ` ` emyr already had plans of his own in place .
` ` addolgar will be up soon enough to take my place . ''
he wanted her to know he would rule the land in his father 's place .
one year had passed since annwyl took her brother 's head and his place as leader of garbhan isle and dark plains .
she also created alliances with other nearby kingdoms that had n't been in place for almost a century .
and then fearghus challenged any and all in the hall to take his rightful place among his clan .
the true spoiled royal , and the reason it had been necessary to shackle her in the first place .
would you prefer someone else take her place who may not be as ... open minded ?
kill spike leader jorgesson 's son , since the boy seems to think he can take his father 's place . ''
that i 'd be taking her place one day .
rhydderch hael was gone , but in his place was something else .
` ` you had such a serious frown while you were staring at the tapestry that it made me wonder what you would look like with a smile in its place . ''
` ` we can do the tour after , '' i said , hoping to buy some time to put the pieces of my mind back in place .
in his place stood someone else - my materialized shooting star .
i saw when i laid those simple words out , the anxiety of him not knowing melted from his face , and the emotion that took its place was breath - taking .
noting my confusion , he responded , ` ` i have a plan in place , of course . ''
william was no longer lying beside me , but in his place was a folded paper crane .
the pale blue all immortals are reborn with , until a sapphire color takes its place once a couple is united ... in more than one way .
` ` is n't that what the high council 's in place for ? ''
feeling like i was looking for a needle in a haystack , i shot down the alleyway to my left , praying with everything i had that i 'd find him , not caring why i 'd left him in the first place : to keep him safe and away from me .
` ` no time for that , '' he said , putting the frame he 'd ` ` tossed '' at me back in its place .
i entered paul 's room and what was taking place within was shocking enough to relieve my mind from the emotions running amuck .
no one that slid in my place to be mrs . william hayward ? ''
the anger had leaked out of his voice , but in its place was concern .
his eyes gazed at my neck , his mouth taking their place .
i growled it like a curse word , just as i found a folded note in place of where my beloved jeans had once always been there for me .
i would nt let anyone sacrifice themselves in my place .
patrick stal ed mid - strike , a horrified look taking the place of the prior concentration .
i was gaining a family my parents would have selected for me to take their place had they seen in a crystal bal that they d be pul ed from mine so violently .
in his place stood a man who challenged , pushed , and baited .
without mathias , there was no way to know if the potion was still in its place .
` ` i hope i find you well , sir , '' laurence said , deeply sorry , no longer wondering why lenton had been transferred north to edinburgh , the quieter post ; he wondered only what illness might have so ravaged him , and who had been made commander at dover in his place .
he and temeraire had stayed and fought in their place when the dragons did not arrive , risking their own lives and those of his crew in an increasingly hopeless cause ; but the dragons had never come .
captain , '' keynes said , ` ` i am sorry ; any gormless imbecile can bandage up a bullet - wound , and a gormless imbecile you are very likely to be assigned in my place .
wilberforce exclaimed in dismay as he came to greet laurence ; but temeraire issued instructions to the chinese servants , who set to work with great energy , and with the assistance of the crew the covert was a handsome if astonishing sight in time to receive the guests , with brass lamps tied makeshift onto branches to stand in place of chinese paper lanterns , and small coal - stoves placed at intervals along the tables .
` ` well , i call that handsome , '' catherine said , though laurence felt it small amends for the earlier neglect ; and when she added , ` ` we ought to thank him for it , '' glancing at him , he said nothing and made no shifts to take her place .
even single notes of a large music may please in their place , but one can not illustrate this pleasure ( not even to those who have once heard the music ) by repeating them in isolation .
as he stepped from the vehicle and pulled his mobile from his pocket , freezing air took his place .
this was the first time he 'd use one in place of a mate , however .
tracing the harsh and beautiful lines of his face , she tried to fight the pull toward him ... and then gave up : in this pocket of privacy in front of the cave , with the breeze whistling between the boulders , and the sun on their faces , the gears between them started to slide back into place again ... and she realized the true reason she 'd left his house so fast .
in its place ?
nigel frowned , his anger abruptly abating , exhaustion taking its place .
as quickly as it came , her rage was gone and in its place was arousal .
the act of taking the place reserved for the significant other in her life affected him in an unexpected way - he grew hard .
not to take uriel 's place , but to join him in the rank of archangel .
` ` trade places with me , then tell me how it feels . ''
anne took care of me when she could but she had to go to work - she was n't going to let that horrible woman take her place on stage , not after all of that .
in her place was an absolute monster .
i could n't bear to watch anymore so i closed my eyes until the portal faded and its place was the one back into my room .
her mouth was stuck open , a tiny red snake coming out of it in place of her tongue .
i frowned , my memory jogging in place .
in his place was the bad thing , standing upright on two legs and hunched over the patient , his / her heart dripping from the bad thing 's razor - toothed mouth .
tomorrow , another woman will take my place . ''
still , left to his own devices , he 'd do his nigger - buying over at the american exchange in the st . charles , where manners were less refined , english was spoken in place of french , and he felt less out of place .
york and framm changed places .
to atone , i must live , bring life and beauty and hope back into the world to take the place of all that i had taken .
kurt took his place again .
when he had to sleep , captain yoerger or cat grove or the mud - clerk took his place , and the vigil went on .
he dropped to his knees , but another stoker took his place at once , and grove moved to the fallen man and poured a ladle of whiskey over his head .
in its place was pity .
most of the men marsh had known were dead or retired now , and those who took their places were strangers with strange ways .
the immigrants who 'd worked as rousters and stokers and deckers before the war were gone , marsh did n't know where , and the freedmen had taken their places .
the engineer had been hung upside down above the cylinder , and cut so ... he must have bled down onto ... as if blood could take the place of oil . ''
i do n't think any of us could really take his place and do the things he did .
i 'd have done the same thing , in her place .
when had he taken david 's place ?
or would the djinn step back into their place as firstborn , best loved ?
one of his lickspittles would likely take his place . ''
even as it did , she swept the knife up again in the strike she should have used in the first place , cutting not at macio 's arm but at her own hair where he held her .
but instead you ' ve chosen to let everyone else die in your place . ''
they could only maintain that pace for two hours or so , then the entire force would halt and allow the rested canim in the carts to exchange places with those who had been running , rotating between them in turns throughout the day .
he would have been forced to kill some of his own officers to keep his place . ''
if he can force the vord queen to oversee the assault on calderon , he effectively pins her in place for you .
archer teams began withdrawing , leaving heavily armed legionares to take their places .
` ` i go letting some random legionare ride while the first spear takes his place , i ' m upsetting the natural order of the legion .
as soon as it was my turn , i looked up and saw a guy standing in my place , as if i had n't been waiting at all .
i treaded water while i watched brandon take my place .
it rose from the river in full color , and amara thought , for just a moment , that the first lord himself had somehow come , rather than sending a fury in his place .
do you wish me to send another in your place ? ''
and it is thus my duty to take up the challenge to atsurak 's belief in his place . ''
amara 's temper flashed , and she faced pirellus , ready to bring the man to task bernard stood up , as though to get between them down the wall , one of the brass horns sounded a call to arms , a clarion note that clove through the cold furyht air and brought the veteran troops on the wall to their feet , shields and weapons ready , before its notes had died away ` ` sir , '' snapped giraldi , from the wall over the gates ` ` they 're coming again ` ` pirellus turned his back on amara and leapt up to his position over the gate out at the edge of the light , the marat appeared again , rushing forward m a howling mob - but this time , their screams were punctuated not by the howling of the great , dark wolves , but by the metallic , whistling shrieks of the giant predator birds that raced beside them as the pale tide charged toward the walls ` ` archers , '' pirellus called again , and once more , in three humming , whistling waves , marat dropped to the ground , the life driven from them by aleran shafts ` ` spears '' pirellus called , and once again , the legions squared up to face the marat but that was where the similarity to the charge of clan wolf ended there were no scaling poles this time , no ram to assault the gates instead , the first rank of the marat , howling their defiance , simply hurled itself at the walls and , running at a furious pace , leapt up to the top if amara had not seen it happen , she would never have believed it possible - but the marat , without aid of any kind , simply hurtled into the air , grasped at the top of the fifteen - foot wall with one hand , and hauled themselves up to fight the great birds stalking beside them leapt up , too , even higher , furiously beating at the air with their stubby wings and holding themselves aloft just long enough to rake at the defenders atop the walls with their vicious talons , driving aleran men back long enough for the young herdbane warriors to haul themselves onto the battlements and throw themselves forward into battle with a fearless , even mindless abandon amara stared in startled horror as a marat hauled himself onto the wall not ten feet from her , and his great bird landed beside him with a scream , its beak slashing wildly at an upraised shield the marat lifted his knife and leapt at her , shrieking , while behind him another scrambled atop the wall in his place amara tried to dodge to one side , only to realize that there was nothing but the empty air of the courtyard beneath her .
the oracles vanished , leaving gusts of hot wind in their place that fluttered the pale layers of my gown .
but it would have been better if she 'd kept her mouth shut in the first place . ''
with my arms wrapped across my middle i strode into the hotel , blessing the automatic doors that allowed me to keep my hands in place , my contraband secure , as i made my way to the elevator .
` ` she was going to tell them you 'd kidnapped a kid to take gracie 's place , because gracie had died . ''
to my surprise , felicia took his place .
in fact , victor had told us her grandfather often took her places by himself .
it was hard to see him marry again , see someone take whitney 's place .
` ` should n't we find out who opened the rip in the first place ? ''
he had wanted riley in the first lieutenant 's place , and if he had been given his way , riley would now be the one getting his step .
but if he did , a new captain would certainly be put into his place when they reached madeira , and riley would never get his step up .
and there was no question of courting someone else in her place ; no woman of sense and character would deliberately engage her affections on an aviator , unless she was of the sort who preferred to have a complacent and absent husband leaving his purse in her hands , and to live apart from him even while he was in england ; such an arrangement did not appeal to laurence in the slightest .
` ` no , but there is a young longwing in training , and if temeraire will be kind enough to hurry up and grow , then perhaps together they might shortly be able to take the place of excidium or mortiferus at the channel , and even one of those two might be sufficient at toulon . ''
he looked strange to himself in the mirror , wearing the new bottle - green coat of the corps with the gold bars upon the shoulders in place of epaulettes ; it had been bought in dover , having been partly made for another man and adjusted hastily while laurence waited , but it fit well enough .
woolvey made him a polite nod , but did not make any move to yield his place .
still , it is very likely that lord nelson will not be able to destroy the french fleet without the help of one of the longwing formations presently stationed in england ; our duty will be to take their place , so they may go .
the anger slipped away , but it left misery in its place .
a well - chosen first lieutenant , perhaps , might step into his place , with temeraire brought to the notion over the course of several years .
in battle , their place would be to fend off any attempts to break up the formation , to defend it against attack from other heavy - combat - class dragons , and to carry the great loads of bombs that their crews would drop below upon those targets that had already been weakened by lily 's acid .
` ` mortiferus has been sent to cadiz ; lily 's formation must go to the channel at once to take the place of his wing .
laurence had brought her some bread with bacon ; she would have taken the sandwich in her bloody hands , unwilling to interrupt , but he managed to coax her away long enough to wash a little and eat while a crewman took her place .
the redcoats fired off an answering volley , and a few moments later the militia managed a ragged one of their own , but the frenchmen were hardened veterans ; though dozens fell dead , the ranks shut tight to fill in their places , and the men held their ground .
the rule is that once a tribute 's name has been pulled from the ball , another eligible boy , if a boy 's name has been read , or girl , if a girl 's name has been read , can step forward to take his or her place .
but a shift has occurred since i stepped up to take prim 's place , and now it seems i have become someone precious .
yet he climbs steadily onto the stage and takes his place .
there 's no one willing to take her place .
i spotted cinna as soon as he took his place , but even his presence can not relax me .
` ` yes , of course i was referring to that , not the lasting joy you gave the sister you love so much you took her place in the reaping , '' says peeta drily .
as if the daytime trees and flowers and stones had gone to bed and sent slightly more ominous versions of themselves to take their places .
i send an arrow into the pack and one goes down , but there are plenty to take its place .
but as her sister i could take her place , an option forbidden to our mother .
how exactly did rue end up on that stage with nothing but the wind offering to take her place ?
but the happiness has fled , leaving an all - too - familiar strain in its place .
whoever is picked first , the other will have the option of volunteering to take his place .
' '' take his place , haymitch , because all things being equal , i 'd rather peeta had a crack at the rest of his life than you ?
he 'll just volunteer to take my place . ''
he barely has time to shoot me an unhappy look before peeta has volunteered to take his place .
but every time one drops dead , another quickly takes its place .
have these precautions been put in place because of the recent influx of immigrants ?
` ` when she volunteered to take prim 's place at the reaping .
` ` i should have volunteered to take your place in the first games .
make no mistake , she was intending to take my place right from the beginning .
` ` now we really must take our places for the execution . ''
in its place is a paper robe .
he spat , anger taking the place of fear .
the thick , knobby scar was gone , only a hairline of white in its place .
one of the operators had fallen sick - too much dust in his lungs - and ramon had taken his place .
it made sense that the uninjured man should bear the heavier load , but his twin was bent on putting the soft - handed amadora banker in his place , and ramon recognized the impulse clearly enough to know there was no point arguing .
just the way ramon would have in his place .
i reached out with my hand , and the chemical structure on the board became reds and blues and yellows , three - dimensional , spinning , and i plucked away one thing that should n't be there - a yellow grape in the wrong place on the stem - and stuck a blue one in its place .
` ` so he sent you in his place . ''
surely she had n't meant to imply that he should take the god king 's place .
he would never be able to escape , not unless he found a way to make someone else take his place .
in its place was energy .
` ` now you understand , and now you take your place .
if she happened to see a ticket - stub poking out of the book he was reading , would she pull it out , too curious about what movie he 'd been to see to think about how she was losing his place ?
if she had dropped the baby in the lot , or crossing harris avenue , she probably would n't have known it ; ralph guessed that it was nothing but instinct that had caused helen to take the baby in the first place .
he pulled a handkerchief from his back pocket and wiped away the message , leaving in place of the words a bright silvery fan - shape which ralph knew only he could see .
that made ralph feel frantic , but he held his place just the same .
unless i take her place , she 's going to be splashed all over harris avenue ... and helen 's going to see it happen . ''
nonetheless , nothing the otherworld offered would ever take the place of my home in tucson .
put katrice in her place .
the animals died ; there were more to take their places .
well , my people can tell you all about that , and it never gets any easier until there 's some new and even more unpopular minority to take your place .
as one paddywagon pulled away another crawled up to take its place .
boils dotted his scalp in place of hair .
` ` it 's the in place this season . ''
at any rate , i took the place of one of them just as wyrm and the others were dragging your unconscious body out of the tomb .
my dear people , began bilbo , rising in his place .
in place of the dark lord you will set up a queen .
he supposes that we were all going to minas tirith ; for that is what he would himself have done in our place .
indeed he is in great fear , not knowing what mighty one may suddenly appear , wielding the ring , and assailing him with war , seeking to cast him down and take his place .
' who shall guide them and govern them in your place ? '
but to someone i must now entrust my people that i leave behind , to rule them in my place .
if any man fell , crushed by a stone hurtling from above , two others sprang to take his place .
its head was gone , and in its place was set in mockery a round rough - hewn stone , rudely painted by savage hands in the likeness of a grinning face with one large red eye in the midst of its forehead .
my place is by mr . frodo .
the esquire of my chamber has begged leave to go to the out - garrison , so you shall take his place for a while .
' do you wish then , ' said faramir , ' that our places had been exchanged ? '
upon its housing no fire would catch ; and though now and again some great beast that hauled it would go mad and spread stamping ruin among the orcs innumerable that guarded it , their bodies were cast aside from its path and others took their place .
elfhelm 's eored came next ; and now merry noticed that dernhelm had left his place and in the darkness was moving steadily forward , until at last he was riding just in rear of the king 's guard .
yet for a while i stand in the place of the steward of gondor , and it is mine to think first of its people .
the old grange on the west side had been knocked down , and its place taken by rows of tarred sheds .
he 'd left part of his soul out there on the sands where many of his squad had died ... where his lover , sax , had died ... and brought back nightmares in its place .
her smile faded as she remembered how she came to take his place , and she thought about the last day of alther mella 's life , the day the custodians now called day one .
he had lost his place .
a piece of yesterday fell into place .
please do not think that one of these views was held a long time ago and that the other has gradually taken its place .
they mean quite frankly , that you are putting yourself in the place of a son of god .
` ` if there had been any real worries about your actions , a steel inquisitor would have been sent here in my place . ''
he is a marvelous actor , but he feels very uncomfortable with people knowing the specics of how he took lord renoux 's place .
the lord ruler had invented some terrible menace that he 'd been able to destroy in the past , therefore ` ` earning '' his place as emperor .
` ` i trust from your vapid look that you accept your place , '' shan said .
besides , did n't the lord ruler have some right to his place ?
` ` i apologize for stealing general hammond , but i leave a very competent man in his place .
should n't she hate me for taking her place ?
perhaps your place was simply to show kelsier that fact ? ''
the atium - father is setting me up to fall in his place !
they froze , staring up at the massive beast who stood in place of the weak man they had beaten .
you killed the hero and took his place .
` ` i ' ve heard of sons killing their fathers to take their place ... but fathers killing their sons ... i wonder what that says about old straff 's mind , that he 'd be willing to kill you .
long enough for a kandra to digest them and take their place .
we thought it was written by the lord ruler , but it turns out it was written by the man the lord ruler killed , the man whose place he took . ''
` ` you should be in his place .
` ` there is always another to take their place . ''
` ` they grow paranoid - terrified , even as they use you , that you will take their place .
they do n't see me as a king , but as a colleague - and because of that , they can easily see themselves taking my place .
philen would have to be certain they were put back in their place , once this was over .
the entire assembly probably thought that elend deserved a chance to reclaim his place ; penrod was just the one who was honorable enough to voice the feeling .
confident because she accepted her place as the one who had struck down the lord ruler .
in their place , a desperate , beaten people huddled in what blankets they could find .
if straff had attacked at that moment , it would have reinforced the impression that he had sent the assassins in the first place .
another warlord will take his place , and take his armies .
someone stole my friend the scholar away , sazed thought , and left a king in his place .
the door swung closed , the soldier returning to his place .
he had trained her to take his place , but could anyone ever really do that ?
` ` i killed him that day and took his place , wearing the body of a dog .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' she said quietly as sazed moved around and took the place elend had been kneeling in .
another person in her place might have asked why he had been chosen .
he 'd build a better one in its place .
yet , as always , there was another to take its place .
he killed alendi , however , and went to the well of ascension in his place , and there took the power and ascended .
it was zane who commanded that i kill the kandra oreseur and take his place , so that i could spy on the woman vin . ''
and then you took his place , pretending to be him . ''
` ` we take the place of others , acting as spies .
` ` now , '' kanpaar said , ` ` this thing you did in taking the place of one of your own brothers is bad enough .
vin had n't been tensoon 's master - tensoon had killed her kandra and taken his place , spying on vin at zane 's order .
` ` i could not let zane kill her , for i had a duty to her - a duty that began the moment she took the father 's place . ''
` ` and took his place , '' tensoon said .
but , another had taken his place .
if we assassinate quellion , one of his lackeys will simply take his place . ''
i took his place . ''
and ... why were they using rocks and wood in place of bones ?
he looked at the clock , then pocketed it and set a small bottle of whiskey on the mantel in its place .
apparently , wayne had left a gun he 'd borrowed from ranette in place of the manifests , considering it a fair trade .
it had probably never occurred to him that a group of train engineers would be completely baffled to find their manifests gone and a pistol in their place .
i do n't think i could have stood it , if our places had been reversed . ''
he 'd left an aluminum bullet in its place , worth easily a hundred times the price of the book .
you gave your word that you would let them live if she died in their place . ''
abeloec was crawling a little shakily toward my head , as if he and mistral were going to change places .
he placed the timeless book in its place .
lily backed off , and michael took her place with rafe .
in his place was someone she did n't recognize .
presently whin reluctantly went aft to paddle , and hyoi came forward to take his place .
with a horrible shock he realised that it was the casket , the casket melting , dissolving away , giving place to an indescribable confusion of colour - a rich , varied world in which nothing , for the moment , seemed palpable .
each of the bright spheres was very gradually increasing in size , and each , on reaching a certain dimension , vanished with a faint noise , and in its place there was a momentary dampness on the soil and a soon - fading , delicious fragrance and coldness in the air .
as when a man lies down to sleep , if he finds a twisted root under his shoulder he will change his place - and after that his real sleep begins .
thus each is equally at the centre and none are there by being equals , but some by giving place and some by receiving it , the small things by their smallness and the great by their greatness , and all the patterns linked and looped together by the unions of a kneeling with a sceptred love .
he could not take her brother 's place !
has your brother sent you in his place with some inane message ?
another quickly tried to take its place .
at last there came a night when everything had gone as badly as possible , and the rain which had been falling heavily all day had ceased at nightfall only to give place to raw cold .
before aslan had finished speaking the new tail was in its place .
and then , wonderfully and terribly , it was farewell to aslan himself , and peter took his place with susan 's hands on his shoulders and edmund 's on hers and lucy 's on his and the first of the telmarine 's on lucy 's , and so in a long line they moved forward to the door .
` ` still furious that you would not allow maximus to take your place , '' kitai said .
` ` one who needs to be put in her place .
legionares were not allowed to keep their weaponry and armor upon leaving the legion - they were left to be used by the recruits arriving to take their places .
why would she place herself in such an exposed position here when she could send one of her juniors in her place ?
` ` as the challenged , you have the right to let a champion stand in your place .
understanding and sympathy flowed over nic 's features in place of her usual pissed off expression and she reached out to pat his shoulder .
hence palmer 's current door holding duties , which he 'd whined and bitched about since they 'd set off , trying to convince blake - who sat next to him - to switch places .
the fangs retreated and warm suction took its place .
` ` have n't had one of them since old ` ` scratcher '' he went away , ` ` the capital letters fell into place easily , ` ` back in , mm , the year of the intimidating , mm , porpoise .
the other was that it took him several minutes to understand any new idea put to him , and this is a very valuable trait in a leader , because anything anyone is still trying to explain to you after two minutes is probably important and anything they give up after a mere minute or so is almost certainly something they should n't have been bothering you with in the first place .
it took a little while for bill door to put two and two together , but when this took place it was like megaliths mating .
i ' ve seen bodies on fire and heads by the hundreds poked onto poles along the streets of the city of lud , i ' ve seen wise leaders assassinated and fools put up in their places , and still i live . ''
he looked down and saw the bullmask staring up at him from its place in the passenger - side footwell : empty eyes , disquieting wrinkled smile , absurd flower - decked horns .
there was pain , all right , but mostly because only one side of his jaw went back into place at first .
even more reason you should send someone else in my place , olivia , perhaps , and let me look for anka elsewhere .
foolish , since he had nt wished to join in the first place .
in his place was an anarki zombie , like all the others coming toward caden , a puppet whose flesh was already whitening .
` ` blood is a fine thing , princess , but it does not take the place of a good thrusting . ''
` ` who would you have in his place ? ''
if we interrupt her game , then we are to take the place of the one she plays with . ''
if the ring does not know both of them , then one of us is to take the place of the one the ring did not recognize . ''
trusted me enough to let me take his place in front of adair .
a piece of the wall vanished , and there was nothing but darkness in its place .
if he had appeared in his old place at the queen 's back , there would have been questions , but no one would question him wishing to return to her service and no longer be exiled from faerie .
that 's why it took me awhile to even help in the first place .
it was the same man , i realized , whose place i 'd taken in croquet .
` ` well ... i 'll get one of those people ... you know , someone who rules in your place ... '' ` ` a regent ?
even her husband 's political campaign will be marred , thus opening the door for some liberal upstart to take his place and help get this area back into the corrupt rut it so desperately longs for . ` `
` ` but it is n't your place to mete out punishment to mortals .
i ' m resigning , and we want you to take my place . ''
anything a child waiting in line might notice when bob goes out to take my place .
it was easier said than done , and once hugh and roman gave me some space , the full impact of what had taken place really and truly hit me .
seth 's place .
he took roman 's place , repeated the kick , and this time the door did burst in and break apart .
they have chosen a full - blooded nightflyer in his place as proxy .
` ` now if we attack , the seelie court could be banished from this new land , which would leave the unseelie and the sluagh in place , and in control of the last remnants of faerie . ''
i 'd expected sholto to fight to keep my arm , but he had graciously and uncomplainingly let rhys take his place .
` ` would you let them die in our place ? ''
she was n't getting volunteers to take the place of the guards who had come to me .
something about tonight had stolen me away , and left a colder , wiser stranger in her place .
` ` you want me to take his place ?
and she wished he would , wished he could tell her something that would make all the madness make sense , all the pieces of her life fall into place .
you ' ve been given the opportunity to name someone else to take your place . ''
all the fight seemed to go out of him and resignation settled in its place .
i slammed more texts into my backpack , wondering if i 'd ever see her again , wondering if i 'd ever really seen her in the first place .
hamlet takes place in denmark ! ''
another cropped up to take their place .
he will be put in his place one of these days .
it is you who can tell us why place and rowley have been arrested .
thingol looked on turin in wonder , seeing suddenly before him in the place of his fosterling a man and a stranger , tall , dark - haired , looking at him with deep eyes in a white face , stern and proud ; but he did not speak .
' i might be of more service to you alive , in the place of that luckless man , ' said turin ; and turning to forweg he said : ' if you are the captain here , you should not allow your men to shoot without command . '
you must take me as your captain in forweg 's place , or else let me go .
will none of you take the place of the son of handir , that the house of haleth be not put to shame ? '
i shall remain here , and if i need to leave i shall ensure that someone takes my place , bringing the child food and looking after him .
as twilight edged from grey to purple there was a noise in the spire , like a fluttering of heavy velvet , and silas left his resting place in the belfry and clambered headfirst down the spire .
over christmas , miss lupescu had come out for three weeks in his place , and bod had shared her meals in her little flat in the old town .
this happened because he had momentarily forgotten it was a game of chess and was thinking of a real battle and making the knight do what he would certainly have done in its place .
` ` your place is with the ship , and you have had a day 's work while we five have idled . ''
he will die in your place .
my father 's treatment of it subsequently was unlike that of tinuviel and turambar ( where the original text was erased and a new version written in its place ) ; in this tale he did not set down a complete new text , but allowed a good deal of the old to stand , at least in the earlier part of it : as the revision progressed the rewriting in ink over the top of the pencilled text did become almost continuous , and though the pencil was not erased the ink effectively obliterates it .
` ` sure as i ' m standing here i 'd trade places with you if i could , to have a woman in my mind and heart who was pleased and willing to have me in hers .
in his place was a part wolf , part man creature in mid - transformation .
left in the wolf 's place was a man .
he 'd be damned if any of his pack was going to take his place .
they refuse to accept their place .
in its place was a pile of soot and ash .
then she kicked off her shoes and climbed into bed , sorry she 'd ever left it in the first place .
flagg suggested no one who might take his place as the mouth closest to the king 's ear .
dennis in particular , who would someday take , the place of his good old da ' as peter 's butler , was terrified of flagg , and once asked his father if he might say a word about the magician .
he had immediately put away the jade bendoh set the great ellender had carved for him forty years before and put the one peter had made for him in its place .
it also occurred to him that peter never would have tried to steal wine in the first place , but the truth of this thought only made him angrier at his brother .
` ` i 'll not be tried by the man who will hold power in my place ... a man who , by his look and manner , already feels in his heart that i have committed this terrible crime . ''
45 when ulrich wicks , who drew the white stone and took peyna 's place on the bench , announced the verdict of the court , the spectators - many of whom had sworn for years that peter would make the best king in delain 's long history - applauded savagely .
now here was flagg , with the appalling news that he was king in peter 's place .
if he told , peter would be let out of the needle and would take his place as king .
a person who would have been nothing in the kingdom if peter had followed his father ... a person who was nearly everything now that thomas sat on the throne in peter 's place .
it had been the easiest thing in the world to exchange places with one of the squires meant to carry the dollhouse to the top of the needle .
valera had been removed ; mad king alan had ascended the throne in his place .
most likely you saw it some time ago and have been laughing at him ; but i do n't suppose you would have done half as well yourselves in his place .
let us take our places while there is yet time ! ''
so we 're not going to have much say in the matter of who fills suzan 's place . ''
the lad had pimples on his cheeks in place of whiskers .
why else would he put blackfyre into his hand in place of daeron 's ?
in place of peacock , they had capons , crisped up nice and brown and stuffed with onions , herbs , mushrooms , and roasted chestnuts .
in place of pike , they ate chunks of flaky white cod in a pastry coffyn , with some sort of tasty brown sauce that dunk could not quite place .
he stared at the viewing stand , wondering if somehow egg had contrived to take his rightful place amongst the notables .
in place of swords and fiddles , the trapping of his warhorse now displayed the three - headed dragon of house blackfyre , black on a field of red .
` ` my place is with ser duncan .
my place is with ser duncan .
many evil things still lingered there , and others were dispersed and fled into the dark and roamed in the waste places of the world , awaiting a more evil hour ; and sauron they did not find .
these things took place in the days of tar - ciryatan the shipbuilder , and of tar - atanamir his son ; and they were proud men , eager for wealth , and they laid the men of middle - earth under tribute , taking now rather than giving .
i stole his place .
cassie wanted to reopen the album and look at the picture again , but she knew she had to focus on why she 'd come to see timothy in the first place .
the staff at hugglestones believed that in sufficient quantities ' being keen ' could take the place of lesser attributes like intelligence , foresight and training .
but today gold has taken the place of steel and , my goodness , the ankh - morpork dollar seems to be the currency of choice .
perplexity slowly took the place of stern affront .
i stopped the car about dawn , or what would have been dawn if the sun had been able to pierce the cloud cover , and switched places with eamon .
the mother made a new oracle in her place from the energy that was lost .
she also ... she also says that you must marry her nephew in place of her son and tie this kingdom to her through that branch of the family .
i would have run mad a good deal sooner , in your place ; brutally done , all of it . ''
already temeraire 's crew had taken possession of their rightful domain , pointedly pushing several piles of coiled cables across the invisible dividing line ; bundles of leather harness and baskets full of rings and buckles had been laid down in their place , all to put the navy men on notice that the aviators were not to be taken advantage of .
by now tripp , riley 's youngest midshipman , a plump and unlovely twelve - year - old aboard by virtue of his family 's three votes in parliament , and invited for his own education rather than his company , was surreptitiously trying to imitate the style , using his fork and knife turned upside - down in place of the sticks , his efforts meeting without notable success , except in doing damage to his formerly clean breeches .
i must give it to the hands in addition to their grog ration , not in its place , or it would be no celebration at all . ''
the cooks had not cleaned after themselves , and the upper deck was left nearly awash in blood ; this having taken place in the afternoon , riley did not see how he could ask the men to wash the decks a second time for the day .
the rice fields did not reappear , but long expanses of ripening wheat took their place , and once they saw a great herd of brown oxen creeping slowly across a grassy plain , heads to the ground as they munched away .
plainly yongxing did mean to make the boy temeraire 's companion in your place , and now at last i understand why : he must mean to put the boy on the throne , somehow , and establish himself as regent . ''
you must take the fox 's place . ''
ever since arnom had said hours ago that the king was dying , there seemed to have been another woman acting and speaking in my place .
granby did not notice , but added , ` ` it do n't excuse him , but i would not have put it past that fellow bligh to send word ahead himself that we were here to put him back in his place , '' sadly plausible ; and to make matters worse , there was little alternative .
` ` and , if you will allow me to be blunt , '' macarthur said , ` ` for your part , you would be in a pretty position , standing in the way of seeing governor bligh restored , if a frigate should come in a couple of weeks , declare us the worst unhanged scoundrels south of the line , and the governor to be put back into place at gun - point .
he remembered with distaste the coarse effort which had been made to separate him from temeraire early in their relationship and prefer a proven lieutenant into his place , wholly disregarding all that the aviators had known of temeraire 's likely feelings on the subject , and even resorting to outright falsehood .
forthing , sitting on roland 's other side , prudently changed places with her while the damage was repaired , and shifted demane with sipho , who with an air of smug and deliberate maturity offered lamoorar a few words in the larrakia tongue , which he had troubled himself earlier to acquire , while demane tried to glare from kulingile 's other side .
as the other containers were emptied of their deliveries , many of the goods which had been left and unloaded over the past week were now transferred within , in their place : the heaps of trepang now dried and smoked ; the sweetly fragrant ripe fruit , each bundled separate into a little wrapping of paper - ` ` they mean to ship fruit ? ''
only , it was a little hard to know there would be so long a journey , through the uncomfortable desert , hungry and too - hot all the long way - and the hunger would be all the more difficult to manage this way , now that kulingile was eating more and more - and nothing at the end to hope for but the very awkwardness which had caused them to leave in the first place .
` ` well , we are glad enough to find you , '' willoughby said - nesbit willoughby , captain of the nereide , having supplanted corbet in that position after , he said , the successful taking of reunion , which had been undertaken , under commodore rowley , to secure a port in place of the lost capetown ; but laurence could not take any great comfort in the substitution : willoughby had himself been charged with cruelty before a court - martial , in his previous command , and the ship did not have a happy air ; there was a lowering stiffness everywhere , and caesar was looked upon with a wariness more intimate than mere reflexive anxiety : these were men who feared punishment , and feared it might grow worse .
for every snake they killed , another two seemed ready to take its place .
finally when he really thought he could n't bear it for one more instant , he took a gigantic breath , and suddenly the ribs on his left side popped back into place .
now that his ribs were back in place , gregor could walk okay .
what defense have we in place at the docks ? ''
in their place was a neat pile of smoky blue garments .
henry and luxa reluctantly took places on either side of ripred , but back a few feet .
in the lead boat , howard took his place by the rudder to steer .
in their place were purple bumps the size of cantaloupes .
in the first place , ` ` the prophecy of blood '' was on the floor , which might have been okay if it was n't crammed into a corner .
where each ant fell , another appeared to take its place .
however , i suppose this would be called mindful violence that took place with the enthusiastic consent of the entire community , or at least that part of it that was still capable of breath .
having suggested the match in the first place , what do you think i would look like if i intervened ?
` ` you may continue , '' he finally said to mesaana , ` ` but remember your place . ''
to most - even those who accepted egwene 's place as the true amyrlin- those omissions made nynaeve something less than aes sedai .
` ` but she 's usurping your place ! ''
faile would n't want him to be in the muddy grass in the first place .
my place is beside my sister . ''
his memories obeyed , snapping back into place before the strength of his determination .
but it was by orders from one of the chosen that i helped raise her as amyrlin in the first place ! ''
` ` then why ask in the first place ? ''
lan was a strange mixture ; he refused to raise the banner of malkier or claim his place as its king , for he feared leading the last of his countrymen to their deaths .
he spoke of restoring alsalam 's place to him , yet sat on the throne as if he had a right to it .
the amyrlin needs to learn to ration her strength ; some in your place have failed not because they lacked the capacity for greatness , but because they stretched that capacity too thin , sprinting when they should have walked . ''
and then it clicked into place .
the world bowed beneath the stress of the dark one 's touch , but it felt a little more right - a little more secure - the moment she took her place .
light , many of you probably knew it when you raised her in the first place !
so i asked for him to be sent in my place . ''
and he 'd sent another away in his place .
` ` you would be doing the same in their place , i warrant , '' dyelin said .
this woman could have been forced to take the oaths in mesaana 's place .
he was n't looking to build fortifications , but to use those already in place .
by putting kaila on duty in her place , birgitte had officially gone on break .
bornhald reluctantly fell into place beside galad , as did byar , whose eyes burned with a wild zeal that matched bornhald 's anger .
the last time it was used effectively , the black ajah manipulated us into casting down an amyrlin , raising a fool in her place , and dividing the tower .
` ` my place was elsewhere , '' egwene said .
` ` your places are with your people ! ''
another would be hateful in your place , if they had been through what you had .
he was annoyed to discover that they were n't in their place .
if i am returned , i will give you ten women to take my place .
suffa is amazingly stubborn , despite how quick she is to weep and offer others in her place . ''
the seanchan would fall , and the aiel would take their rightful place .
swear to me , or sit here and let everyone else fight in your place . ''
we need to remove the shards and make something new to go in their place .
elayne sat in her place , eyes and mouth wide .
good thing , too , as her second shield had n't gotten into place .
` ` he thinks you 'll take his place '' .
of course , next time , they could find some fool hero to take his place .
he and erith fell into place with elder haman , who - with ears laid back - looked utterly fierce .
i will have your place , moridin .
it was n't a cloud that had suddenly obscured the sun , however , but something solid and black sliding into place .
he 'd made tam steward in his place , had taken a gateway to shayol ghul and had vanished .
if someone falls , one man steps up and takes his place while another pulls the fallen man into the center of the wedge '' .
the tables had been chopped apart for firewood to stoke the enormous hearths at either end of the long room ; in place of the furniture lay rows upon rows of wounded .
it is not their place '' .
wherever he struck down blackness , more took its place .
disguise in place , she traveled to the back lines of the sharan army fighting cauthon 's troops .
in his place , i 'd have wanted proof .
but then , that was a younger sister 's place , to screw up the good times .
in his place was a black , twisted shadow of a thing , angles and glittering edges and nothing remotely human to it .
i reflexively accepted and watched his smile go dim , a frown of concern take its place .
eamon , in sleep , looked younger and almost angelic , that sharp intelligence missing and a kind of gentleness in its place .
` ` he takes my place , '' jonathan said .
in its place was a black lacquer stand with one delicate - looking drawer instead of the two large ones i 'd had before .
a massive , carved teak table that was magnificently in one piece and probably would be until the sun consumed the earth , as hard as teak was - i could n't believe somebody had actually moved it in the first place .
and david had become the linchpin in his place .
` ` and when i was spared , he took her in my place ? ''
all around me the men were disputing , some of them saying the high priest was not the right man , that herod archelaus had been wrong to put him in place , and others that the high priest was acceptable , and we had to have peace , no more rebellion .
only the stragglers remained , a few farmhands and odd - job workers , and the children gazing on from their hiding places beneath the palms or in the nearby doors - and james and i staring at the mound of stones , and the two boys who lay there , tumbled together .
she took her place by avigail as avigail climbed to her feet .
tell them this did not take place . ''
` ` yes , reuben , that , s when my beloved son , reuben golding , disappeared and you took his place . ''
laura , too , was now dressed in her usual sweater and slacks and took her place resolutely by reuben , s side .
the cheerful three - story house so well drawn on the night with bright christmas lights had vanished , leaving in its place a great dark apparition of glinting windows with only the faintest light within , gables invisible in the shrouding mist .
he stepped forward , taking his place , the fumes of the spiced mixture in the cauldron rising in his nostrils enticingly .
he will take your place ! ''
because the ugly , deformed , and evil pieces slid into place , penetrating my heart like a poison of the soul .
in exchange for ending his torment , he would allow my brother to return in his place .
but you will get your brother back in my place . ''
i smiled to myself as the twisted little pieces slid effortlessly into place , and that gnawing uneasiness deep inside my gut lifted .
` ` i offered to take your place , '' i lied .
` ` your brother ... '' my words faded away as my mind slid the pieces into place .
you displace one thing , something has to take its place .
if that had happened , the monster would have come to life in his place .
and finding mrs . carney 's lost cat does n't count , since you were the one who spooked it in the first place . ''
left behind in their place was another tree sapling , this one planted squarely in the center of arthur 's grave .
but then i grew up and realized that the minute you get rid of one asshole , another one takes its place .
` ` i ' m saying i ' m terrified of what would take their place once they 're gone .
i 'd joined aa to have a visceral reminder of why i 'd quit cooking in the first place .
while i was at it , i also wanted to kick my own ass for being the reason she 'd been at that sham of a party in the first place .
a grave expression had taken the place of his calculating smile .
if i had n't hidden my magic use from pen in the first place , that damned party never would have happened and she never would have been in that car for that asshole to run into her .
more that i did n't want to get into the habit of making myself at home in his place .
right after i punched him for making the fucking thing in the first place .
all of my excuses dried up and a crystalline silence took their place .
when she looked up , the smile was gone and a solemn frown took its place .
i supposed the worst part was i deserved that dose of my own medicine for bullshitting him into coming with me in the first place .
after another minute , it disappeared entirely , leaving a smooth , shiny patch of skin in its place .
if her father refused to take her place in the dungeon , then reyes would kill the girl and send her body back to montiori a piece at a time .
he would keep her imprisoned while he waited to hear from montiori , and when her father refused to take her place , as reyes knew he surely would , reyes would send her back to her father a piece at a time , until the coward agreed to surrender or to face him , one on one , in a battle to the death .
tell him if he wishes to see you again , he will take your place here .
but even as she watched , the man in the yard below cast off his clothing , and his body began changing , stretching , until , impossible as it was to believe , a large black wolf stood in his place .
montiori would never agree to take her place .
if her father refused to take her place , she would be killed .
she shivered , wondering what he would do to her when her father refused to take her place .
because her father would not take her place , her life would be forfeit , and then there would be another war , with more death and more killing .
should montiori arrive on the morrow to take his daughter 's place , reyes knew he would turn his enemy away rather than lose the woman in his arms .
when she went to put on her dress , she was surprised to find her old dress gone and a new one in its place .
levi , the current king and the bane of my existence , had just taken his place a few months before .
watching your ex take her place as another man 's queen helps give you some closure .
` ` you should n't have slept with her in the first place . ''
` ` she took her place willingly in the end .
i watched , half expecting her to change into an animal , but instead in tiffany 's place was a woman at least thirty years older .
about taking levi 's place and fucking his queen ? ''
you had to deal with problems within the clan , and you sent me in your place . ''
` ` everything else will fall into place . ''
he was the one who let me on the island to stay closer to casey in the first place .
` ` yes , and i expect you to take your place without complaint . ''
you will take your place .
you will step up and take your place .
the liquid was gone , and in its place was a hole in the floor .
her only child , and she now had to watch as a child that was n't hers took his place .
you 're going to go in my place . ''
` ` right now , i ' ve got to go take my place . ''
jeans and a t - shirt took their place .
in that moment i 'd trade places with any of them , just to have a beginning and an end .
the pyrotechnics faded and in their place was his father .
the mans smile evaporated and in its place was a pair of thin lips pressed into a straight line .
what was that mans name that took lincolns place after he was shot ?
if your father knew how bright you are , he would dismiss me and hire you in my place .
fitzwilliam had taken her place as a pupil and , in her imagination , dean was paying him even more attention than he had ever shown her .
then that feeling too abandoned her and panic arrived to take its place .
johnny , the youngest , toddled beside her , and pushed his sister so that he could take her place at his fathers leg .
in their place , grew a dark abyss of confusion and emptiness a typical post - graduates despair intermingled with the pain of the times .
frances was therefore asked to fill her cousins place , and not knowing quite what to expect from the party , she cautiously accepted her aunts invitation .
all i want is for frances to be put back in her place .
francess place was conspicuously left vacant , and no attempt was made to disguise the fact that she had once claimed that place at the table .
before he knew it she would be taking his place , he thought annoyingly .
he could nt stop remembering the embroidery on her gown and imagined his own tongue in the place of that lucky snakes .
a thought hangs in the air , left in place of those searching men , perhaps , if i m very good , papa will come back .
it is certain , it was duke henry who addressed the lords and commons of london , following that failed coronation , as if it were planned ; calling for richard to be crowned in place of edward v. his speech was so moving , and brilliant , delivered with such authority , that the crowd , with one voice , shouted their approval .
edward took the place of any sort of a social life , except for my talks with angharad .
i wish god may prosper this work and your estates ; but remember , when simple people are given something , and are grown used to it , and see it snatched away , they are more resentful than if they never had it in the first place .
it was all the very spirit of a country inn : unlike the city by its clean air , and bird song in place of hawkers cries .
my father did fail and one day i shall take his place but i do nt know what i should do then .
what a tired world am i heir to where the commerce of trade takes the place of courage and chivalry ?
coffee and pastries are waiting for you in the lobby , she mumbled , stepping into the hallway , leaving anna alone to her thoughts about what had taken place .
when late hours of the night came to him that first day , his soul had no answer for what had taken the place of medicinethe killing of the five misfitsand was strangely quiet , as if it were no longer a part of him .
you will take my place and accompany dr . kremer to view a screening of the new film , i accuse , in the auditorium .
she would sleep no more than two hours before julia would take her place .
but even then it was a selfish loss , quickly passing when others took his place .
so the next day , he took his place alongside franz , and for two weeks after , conducting medical selections .
in their place , jehanne is now looking directly at a huge wolf that has walked into their yard from the woods .
julia adds , ill continue to take her place until she is completely healed .
that way no one will find out that , julia is taking , jehannes place .
pierre adds , julia , i am the one that asked you to take , jehannes place .
i told her how julia has been taking her place so that the soldiers would continue to fight .
but i would imagine that if five guards as big as you are ca nt keep watch of a small woman , and keep her in her place , then if i were your superior i might not think too highly of you , julia quips .
after the ladies leave , the sun trades places with the moon shedding light onto the grounds of the castle .
there have probably been so many french men killed , that we may perhaps see other french women taking the place of their men on the battlefield .
that probably means the french are short of men , and the women are needed to take their place .
jon , pierre and julia , continue pulling weeds wondering if anyone saw jehanne and julia change places .
that s when she made the decision to exchange places with you .
if they choose not to take part , another is put in their place ; for god has his plan and it will go forward .
the inquisitor , satisfied with this acquiescence , thus returned to his place behind the table .
i wondered for years , aunt , about the girls at the hoop and barrel , and why you did nt want me to pay attention to such goings on , and suddenly , just now , it all fell into place .
by then her anger had cooled , and apprehension was quickly filling its place .
buildings , still dark in the pre - dawn light , had taken the place of enclosed fields and roadside hedgerows .
any other woman would have been happy to be standing in her place .
` ` fine ; then switch places with chilcot , and i 'll have him be my second instead . ''
blood was running down his face now , and he felt his strength beginning to fail him even as courage roared in to take its place , felt awareness begin to leave him even as a single thought started running like a mantra through his dazed brain : glad juliet 's not here to see this bang !
soon the despised romans would be put in their place once and for all .
culann briefly explained what had taken place in the great hall at whitby , particularly the decision by king oswy to find in favor of the church of rome .
the temples built to honor zeus would eventually crumble , the cults that worshipped the dead god would soon break apart in their place , the new monuments would rise , pledging love and loyalty to athena .
i refuse to have another person take his place , i refuse to have you order me around , to tell me what to think and do .
then , apollo remembered his place as protector of his sister .
just as the blade touched iphigenia 's throat , artemis whisked her away and substituted a deer to die in her place .
and now he 'd taken kynegeiros ' place and saved her daughter 's life .
one day you 'll take my place as priestess of demeter , the most powerful position in the mysteries other than that of the hierophant . ''
a delicately featured maiden , hardly older than melaina , now stood in his place , amidst a dazzling light .
melaina saw a father and three sons carrying a fourth brother with paralyzed legs , and then listened while her mother questioned an old woman , who said she came in place of a daughter too sick with dropsy to make the trip .
` ` it 's my place to brace the temple gate .
aunt philokleia , frowning but acting in myrrhine 's place , followed the procession holding a lighted torch in each hand .
at iphigeneia 's sacrifice , artemis substituted a hind in her place .
we 'll offer a hind in my place . ''
would you have bonaparte in their place ?
he wished he could change places with george .
a similar procedure was taking place on the other side of the north sea .
voting to keep in place davis - bacon , which cost about $ 100 billion over -- over 10 years .
number two , i said yes we should increase the debt ceiling in this last vote , but only if we have a cut , cap and balance provision put in place .
an alternative strategy must be in place within two years or our country will not survive as we know it today .
she got no further , though , for at that moment , a stately butler came in to announce that dinner was served , and she was forced to take her place with the other ladies in the procession across the hall and into the dining room .
when he had left the stage , richard and moncharmin had been telling christine that she would most certainly be taking carlottas place .
the dizziness started to let up , and in its place , her ears began to ring .
her hopes , her dreams , dashed , and in their place this man , who had lied to her , convinced her that the angel of music had come at last .
you get rid of dem , the next round of men will take dere place !
my lord bishop sent us to places at some miles distance , and on our return we had to revisit the place , seeing what there took place .
if the gentlemen were not the princes it came to me that our lord bishop meant them no good and would leave them in the tower in place of the true princes .
without time for thinking , the young gentlemen were brought in , and brother john spoke , your life depends on sitting still while our brother returns these gentlemen to your place .
but if the plantagenets were removed , and a king with no right to the crown was put in their place ?
no one could ever take her place .
they watched through breathing holes as the germans were showed the hiding place next door and threw in a hand grenade to kill everyone .
while the communist ussr would later use this partition as a rationale for again seizing these lands , russia got them in the first place for the most reactionary of reasons .
no wonder , then , that the zionist movement would become the most powerful political force in dolhinov with the bund in second place .
he then demanded the byelorussians change places with the jews and ordered the jews to bury the beyelorussians .
timchuk , feeling unwell from his old war wounds , could nt go and an aide , major david keimah , a soviet jewish officer , went in his place .
now timchuk formally took voronyanskys place as the units commander .
they also kept in place many of the hated soviet collective farms as being more efficient than the family - cultivated small plots preferred by the peasants .
david keymakh had replaced the ailing timchuk on the august 1943 plane flight that crashed , and thus died in his place , at age 35 .
in her place arises sirona , the woman .
to be one of the learned ones and take her place as a valued member of the tribe .
` ` elkington , i 'll tell you as much of our plans as befits your place . ''
but do you understand there must be one in his realm who will someday have his place ?
he stole the gold and put stones in its place .
this time , on the advice of queen janahara , arangbar transferred his son parwaz out of the deccan , to allahbad , and in his place sent prince jadar .
a man in her place would already be dead . ''
with the marriage of queen janahara 's daughter to the weakling son of arangbar , a son she was carefully promoting to the role of heir - apparent , the last element in the persian strategy would be in place .
when allaudin returned , he assumed his place again beside arangbar , shifting occasionally in mild discomfort from the stiff new clothes .
he would have taken her place a hundred times over , but even that seemed impossible .
` ` why was it ordered in the first place ? ''
since jadar has refused to lead the army to defend the fortress at qandahar , how would you like to be appointed in his place ? ''
he 'll not risk cutting up his finest troops by sending them in the first attack wave , when your artillery is still in place . ''
after the introduction hawksworth took his place among jadar 's own retinue of nobles .
winston took his place in one and gave command of the other to john mewes .
` ` the ordnance lent by the dutchmen is in place now . ''
damn winston if he 's not in place by then .
` ` but if we dismissed all these half - hearted freeholders , there 'd be scarcely any free men left on the island to take their place . ''
the scotsman ignored morris ' withering glare and quickly took his place .
i m the guy that put the money in your pocket in the first place .
he understood fully the zeal with which some of the rich sought to protect their status by keeping the help in their place .
` ` but it is your place today ? ''
any further jests died on her tongue as soon as she stepped into the main hall and saw why edric had interrupted them in the first place .
his place is with me .
she would have changed places with rupert in a heartbeat .
for a moment , his expression hardened , the charming smile slipping out of place .
so , harriet , why do n't you go in my place ?
finally , though , elizabeth came over to me , saying that i must take a turn at dancing , and offered to take my place at the pianoforte .
and now aunt debourgh has suddenly taken the place of resident invalid , which leaves anne without anyone to fuss over her .
but he was more attentive to my aunt than ever : making sure she had a sample of every dish on the table , insisting that he change places with her on the sofa in the drawing room afterwards , because , he said , he was sure that she was sitting in a draft .
the tightness had loosened in my chest , though until he spoke , i had not entirely realised that laughter had bubbled up in its place .
one of the ladies there is leaving to get married and i m taking her place .
but it was nt her place , and so she had to bite her tongue .
abe left his seat and clare took his place ; evie and stephen sitting on the rather lumpy sofa that ran along the middle of the room .
: even though trevor , the following day , told him the whole story , as related by mr . yeats , and precisely what had taken place at the meadows , john was not too keen on the idea .
he had thought about acquiring more real estate , even in london ; thought about perhaps buying up dilapidated buildings and developing new ones in their place , like hotelsalways a safe bet , it seemed ; or restaurants , buildings that would not only retain and grow their value but that would also bring ample income in the process .
no walk today , the jagger visit took its place .
but then , even as i bit my lip and tasted blood , the image was gone in a wash of darkness , and another took its place : vortigern , screaming aloud in agony and beating at flames that licked his fur - trimmed robes as all about him a timbered building burned .
and yet , that daybreak , i knew that i would never have traded places nor wished to be any other than i was .
for every man he killed , another pressed forward to take the fallen mans place , and sooner or later he would be too slow to strike away one of their blows .
i was fairly confident that it had to do with the reason why she had made the films in the first place .
that s why she moved to boston in the first place , to be physically closer to them and to understand their sphere of existence better .
others in your place would not have been so .
were going to caesarea and you will take your fathers place .
she indicated her daughter to change places with her .
once he had been put in his place arnold chatted amiably enough , for the rest of the journey , telling amy about her father as a young man , between deep sucks on his clay pipe .
she stood up crossly , though careful not to disturb the cow and indicated that nan should take her place .
george took his place as chief mourner immediately behind the cart as it rolled towards the dam which the funeral procession must cross to reach the church built on the tree covered hillside beyond .
when at last her convalescence was over she was allowed to take up her place at college .
the haughty drawl had gone and a note of sincerity , even humility had taken its place .
the conspirators ' attempt to use the opportunity to restore the roman republic was thwarted : on the same day the praetorian guard declared caligula 's uncle claudius emperor in his place .
pirates operating from the rebuilt port incurred the wrath of vespasian , who razed the city and erected a citadel in its place , installing a roman garrison there .
our heart - to - heart took place on a stormy night in a humble hotel room in saigon , the rain lashing the little balcony so hard that some of it came into the room .
i ve been able to help him with his work but i could nt really take lins place and there has nt been much else to do .
but i ai nt showed em my place .
ai nt showed no one my place .
it was taking place in a few days time , still required just one volunteer and i was surprised to hear that captain obrien had agreed to let daniels represent our platoon instead of lyle omalley .
we were pawns of american imperialism , at which he could be quickly put in his place , and become the victim .
because her plan was all in place .
no handshake , no embrace , no touching : these all lost their appointed places .
two of the concrete planters had been moved , and a car that stood in their place , backed out so that i could pull right up to the front door .
in place of wine henry suggested champagne , receiving a nod from rita prompting him to order a bottle of mums .
` ` she walks in here telling us to mind our tongues like she was once the head vestal virgin and overnight fell from her throne of chastity and still insisting on keeping the vulgar in their place .
as you can see from the fax , he has asked me to take his place .
then , nerva should take his place .
like a jackdaw , who steals something good and leaves some shiny worthless thing it its place , hixson felt like a criminal .
the conversation resumed its place : they were talking wedding plans .
captain schaack was suspended and his rival schuettler put in his place .
the debates , the campaigns , this saloon will lift our people up so they can take their rightful place .
not that i d turn you down if the gentlemen running the tables in your place see their way to a donation .
the god - king assumed his place upon the throne .
in its place , a sense of stability coursed through his .
she worried whether a queen should nt be in her place , and sought a way to slow him .
then invasion wo nt take place ?
nobles put peasants in their place .
we put him in his place .
another leapt into his place .
until khufu is prepared for his funeral , my place is with my people .
if james can see from the heavenly kingdoms , he will weep at how destitute and ununited england has becomei will cry in his place .
your father seems all right to me , and even if the scots do rebel i m sure he will be able to put them in their place .
forty - six prisoners hauled on the thick rope until the sled sat right beside the ditch where the huge sandstone block was to take its place , and the prisoners then leaned their combined weight against the stone , whilst a second rope was looped around it and another group of prisoners hauled from in front of the monolith .
morris glanced at the wooden stump in place of a left lower leg , at the sad , almost mournful expression on the mans face , and frowned .
she could n't hide her melancholy from me , or her desire to be rid of the affliction that stopped her from taking her place as the eldest of lord wade 's children in the outside world .
or would some other trigger take my place ?
because if you are ... he said around the mouthful , you re the reason i made the ride all the way up here in the first place .
in place of the duke of berwick , a superb soldier , and illegitimate son of king james , mar had led the rising himself .
he had obtained feathers in place of the usual straw for filling the mattress .
he took his place in glengyles regiment .
on glengyles right was ranald , second son to rob roy in place of james mr , who was convalescing from his wound at gladsmuir .
they took up their places at the tryst , situated in many acres of flattish ground around the little drummond town of crieff .
he quickly took his place alongside glencarnaigs men .
the master of lovat stood in place of macsimi , chief of the frasers .
apart from that this certainly took place .
he having occasion to carry all the spare men along with him and came down to craigroystan and forced him and several others of the inhabitants there to go to the barracks to supply the place of the men he had taken from thence , where the declarant remained for one night only and came away when glengyle left it next day .
i carry the sack up the stairs and put the food in its place .
somehow , probably with the help of this group konsul , he managed to change places with the real eric becker and escape .
the real eric , christines grandfather , was hanged in his place .
she ran up the hill with a pitcher of water for him and took his place swabbing and loading the cannon .
i do nt know , arisi murmurs , but i would nt switch places with you tonight .
you would nt switch places with me ever .
without a hitch she was gone , and in her place was a proud young man in his early twenties , with distant eyes and matted red hair with an uneven beard .
it was with so much effort that he had gotten to the table in the first place , that she wondered how he ever made it to her room the night before .
with each man defeated came another in his place , as he propelled the end of his bayonet into one of then out again .
meanwhile , another confident and stern - jawed commander , moved into position to take his place , but with the shift of authority it caused some confusion , and most of his men would nt even obey his orders .
you were mighty fortunate that he took your place in the war .
were made to enjoy some simple pleasure , before the life gets squashed out of us , and another rises up to take our place .
it would be a breaking away of sorts with a poor mans bread of expectancy , like eating the air on promise of supply until something better took its place .
the rain wrecks the field , splashing filth in place of grass .
cmon , lets switch places .
i step into his place and the ceremony continues .
will had taken care of practically everything around tara , and now that he was unable , they had no one else to take his place .
his entire being trembled with fear , knowing he could never take wills place nor could adequately fulfill his list of responsibilities .
he continued to rock her as her tears subsided and emptiness took their place .
artaxerxes says that he has nothing to fear from the stripling who has taken philip 's place .
if our general is killed or disabled , another takes its place .
now we are asked to bow down to alexander , the god - king , who has taken the place of the persian despot .
i can never truly take your place .
beggars with filthy rags over a sightless eye or a walking stick in place of a missing leg hugged the walls , holding out a hand or cup for passersby to drop a coin into .
i will try to take his place .
he needed something he enjoyed to take the place of his constant worry .
they would have to take the place of their fathers on the farms , and that was a tall order for both of them .
she had grown to really respect him for the way he had stepped up and took his pas place on the farm .
it seemed for every beaver he trapped , two more took its place .
i would have desired that your colonel allen should have been reinforced to have held that place when general arnold took it , but then i am no general , so who am i to say ?
it 'll not be long before you can take his place down the pit just another year of schooling for you and then the job 'll be yours , eh ?
know your place !
it took archie , jacky and ben 's collective efforts to create the image in stilton 's mind of exactly what had taken place , even though they , themselves , were not entirely sure how such weapons could actually work .
i may then suppose you are up to the task , but first tell me why it is that you want work to do in the first place ?
godfrey stood and called a servant to bring some wine and then returned to his place .
it was safely in its place .
he is the one who is to take the horseman 's place while he ' deals the blow ' .
he said that he had to locate sir gilbert before they exchanged places .
if not stay there and watch until i can get one of my boys there to take you place .
when the melee begins again we are going to switch places .
the prince it seems pushed thomas arundel , archbishop of canterbury , from the place of prominence in council , trying to replace him .
they would scream and fall , and then another one would take their place .
you feel pretty certain about this all , why do nt you take my place ?
let someone else take your place , you are wounded .
a substitute of the greatest honor and loyalty has been chosen to take his place in the duel .
there are many a son of a nobleman that would trade places with you .
truly , my place is no longer at this table .
adrian then perceived that prince henry had hidden her away , trying to keep her from adrian and interfering in his loyalties , as took place at the tournament .
well , then the owner is going to have to be happy with the fact that it was brought back in the first place .
tatum thought to herself that she appreciated the explanation for the street clothes in place of the pastel green issue .
in place of a stuffy business suit , he wore pressed khakis and a salmon coloured button - down shirt , professional but not too dressy .
unit three looked remarkably like unit two with peach as the colour of choice in place of unit two 's pastel green .
for under her blazer , she chose a sleeveless pink blouse in place of the typical camisole choice she might have made .
having been challenged , doug backed off , sulking about having been put in his place .
she was pleasantly surprised to see anne walk into the boardroom in place of dr . glaser as she had expected .
thank god for alcohol , she thought to herself when she realized she had slept , in place of spending the night fretting like she 'd expected .
tatum and anne reached the cafeteria where they both chose a prepackaged salad in place of the already arranged to - go lunches that tatum had made her routine until today .
it was an older woman whose head injury had made her lethargic and docile in place of the typically more aggression outcome .
his hair was lighter than jake 's but he had the same handsome face that would someday perhaps permit him to take his father 's place as wainwright 's most eligible bachelor .
she left her hair down , but in place of the playful curls she had worn on her date with jake , she straightened her locks into a sleek urban style .
then , she grabbed a coffee and a croissant in place of lunch ; her mind was whirling , taking away any previous thoughts of hunger .
in place of cowboy boots , he had leather dress shoes that were a perfect fit with his fashionable denims .
he had gone to the forensic psych unit in place of the provincial penitentiary because multiple psychiatrists testified that he had no capacity to realize the consequences of his actions .
but this time , in place of the clubbing look she had created previously , she tied her hair back in a low , loose pony tail and applied her make - up lightly , but with care .
in place of her run around the perimeter of town , she ran down the lane and then worked her way along the dirt roads lining the rural properties .
in place of the skull sat a hinged glass window .
johnny said in place of a direct answer as he walked across the small yard and out the gate .
tomako was the obvious person to take her place and when she offered tomi the position , she and brad both knew it was good for her .
you , sir , have no clue about women or love or anything beyond what takes place between the sheets .
another step forward , yet it felt like he was walking through the door to her heart , not knocking but simply walking through the door as if it never had existed in the first place .
thirdly he now will take the place your father was enjoying .
i took the paperwork and reclamped the brochure in its place .
if he withdraws his labour the management must listen to his concerns but will easily dismiss the worker knowing that there are plenty more to take his place .
if our men go to gaol then we have to step up and take their place .
however , i would be happy to take isabelles place .
we must take our husbands places if ever they could nt keep up the fight .
women who have done nothing wrong , now forced to take their husbands place .
more police arrive daily and men who ll take your place , union or not .
sergeant paul mueller pulled up behind dixon to take combs place as the second in command .
she rose from her chair , and richard sat down in her place .
she also told me i am not your son , but because you are my godfather , you take care of me in place of my father .
i would not have wanted to plan a party for berengaria if i was in your place .
i find myself wishing we rode out the storm in the first place .
that coronation never did take place though .
yes , diplomacy has its place , but sometimes the sword must be unsheathed .
the knight took up his place again .
i did nt think we d just fall into place together , like we were made for each other .
her place was with him .
our pierre , she stops and touches her heart and takes in a bit of air through her mouth , a short little gasp - that thing old ladies do when in place of a sigh , before he passed away , we had to fight with him , she shakes her head .
as soon as the two ships are side by side and gray wolf is talking to their captain , black beard appears , the dutch flag is quickly taken down and a black flag with a white skeleton , its black pitch fork pointing toward a red heart is hoisted in its place .
as the bubble rises it pushes the water to the side taking its place .
i would never presume to take her place , either in your heart , or in the hearts of your children .
she was really sorry to hear about sarah and does nt want to try to take her place .
as i said in my letters , i am not here to take her place , but to make my own in your lives .
that 's why i had to get somebody sent over from denver to look into this dewitt 's strike mess in the first place .
she put on her night clothes in its place .
his very presence would strip the range away and leave the woman in its place .
the sisters ca nt figure out why bruce does nt stand up to his much smaller brother - in - law , when he could put jude in his place with a flick of his wrist .
from 1843 to 1851 , brother timothy had taught philosophy in brno in place of klacel .
i did as i was told , but instead of imagining a german as the sacks replacement , his face was in its place .
though maria had shown earlier that she had no liking for the young indian woman who had taken her place as binnaker 's favorite , it was obvious that she had no taste for this kind of brutality .
there 'll jus ' be another to take his place . ''
there are plenty of men who will take your place .
' we can put dornites in their place at last . '
leaning over on his impressive , silver saddle , he spits tobacco juice at malindas feet , yer done forgettin yer place missy !
you will command company f , captain thornton was killed during our last raid ; i need someone experienced to take his place .
now , now seorita malinda do not be so hasty it will not be as you say your place in another month or so , but i have a solution to your problem .
sary has to take williams place since his drowning in the river crossing .
lee slipped out of the siege and retreated westward toward a small settlement known forever in the pages of history as the meeting place where general lee surrendered to general grant appomattox courthouse .
malinda had been listening quietly to the entire conversation that was taking place , finally , she spoke , robert you and the boys are forgetting one important fact even if you all have the bible verse figured out correctly we do not own that gold .
it has more headstones than before ; two of them belong to uncle dave and ora lee , but otherwise one magnificent stone occupies a prominent place at the very front .
and besides , '' she added with a mock frown , ` ` with that appetite of his , i 'd lose about a third of my income if he decided to quit eating in my place . ''
` ` but there 'll be other heroes to come in an ' take the place of the ones like me that ca n't cut it anymore .
predictably olson took his place on the box smoking away his anxieties .
life is complicated , jordan concluded to himself ; hardly was one problem cleared when another rose to take its place .
how they gathered the people and how the khan took his place in his wooden pavilion .
just like in spring , burning off dead winter grass from the pasture , so that the new could take its place .
instead of taking care of my mother , the next day i had to go back to work in the big house to take my mothers place in the kitchen .
some of his rough edges were disappearing and in their place grew some smiles and even laughter once in a while .
the therapeutic calm she had cultivated through the years was nowhere to be found and in its place were jumbled nerves .
who was it telt me it wis the shock o her darlin son haein the temerity tae git merit that gave her the stroke in the first place ?
her place was at home looking after ewan .
however , charlotte , having noticed this , indicated with a gently pleading nod that ned should take garrett 's place .
mrs . billings , secretly grateful that her cousin was stuck at home with a sick head , took her place with the youngsters .
we kissed , and i assumed half the men in the place were wondering how to toss me in the river and take my place .
in his place were lots of lights that seemed to come on at random times night and day .
at the start , jason had been reluctant to accept william 's offer to lend him the slave , but finally his reluctance had taken second place to the sense of urgency he felt to get the place in shape before his family arrived in the fall .
the deal was that we were going after brown , and that 's the only reason i came along in the first place .
` ` ok . who votes to go after john brown as we planned to do in the first place ? ''
once in a while a man came in from his guard post on the hillside and another went out to take his place , but mollie paid them little attention , knowing that a man like septin would religiously avoid any chore as dangerous as guard duty around this place was likely to be .
i suppose that is why i had turned in that direction in the first place .
adalet moved slowly because his expression appeared to be growing darker , as if a mask were taking the place of his familiar features .
without michael as a friend and no one willing to take his place , benjamin withdrew ever deeper into himself .
four of the eight smoked ; one a pipe , two cigarettes from england , and one a cigarette made from cubeb , a berry from a shrub that was dried and used in place of tobacco throughout india .
so lizzie would say , even though it was bad when it happened and for a while after , she would not change places with anyone , not for all the tea in china , whatever that meant .
it was as if she knew her father could not come and somehow the thing he had made for her birthday would have to take his place .
catherine found her fear of this woman had gone and in its place she had a cold rage .
in its place something good had begun to grow again .
no one can take your place .
i could see your bitterness , right from the first - that you were n't allowed to take your place in tarchna .
kallirhoe reckoned half of them had gone , their place taken by the incomers .
the way to the throne , tarquinius thought ; it was so obvious she was screwing servius , he 'd have to watch himself or his father - in - law would take his place and arruns ' ...
servius was meant to have made improvements , but everything took second place to the army now ; building could wait .
people working for rome , ready , in place . ''
` ` yes , quintus brutus is taking your place , '' another one said .
strephon was there , and quintus brutus , and one of the valerii , and a couple more youths tarquin recognised from the cavalry , but there were a few new ones he did n't know from last year ; one must have replaced decimus , who had been found drowned , washed up on the gently sloping bank of the river below tiber island , and his friends still wondered if he 'd died drunk , or if he 'd upset one husband too many , and the claudii boy had broken his leg in a bad fall from a horse , and had sent a cousin in his place .
` ` well , obviously that would n't be the case , in certain circumstances ... '' ` ` which we need n't discuss here , '' arathia said , stern for once ; ` ` but if rome stopped its conquests , there would be some voices in favour of letting it take its place in the league . ''
when peter died , i felt obliged to take his place in the fight .
keep your place , son .
but it would n't be fair to send beatrice in her place , and she certainly was nt going to the trouble to get back into her sibyl disguise .
i remember having nellie remove his place .
first of all , it is n't your place to decide what i can and can not do .
anyway , if it is dangerous , i ca nt just expect some young innocent girl to take my place .
as she took her place at the front look - out , she was so busy wondering how they were going to get the days marketing done that annie almost did nt register that the person standing at the front door was nt a reporter but that it was nate .
the four men watched from the upper room of the jail as governor thomas ford took his place at the head of the augusta dragoons .
i would have welcomed death in his place ; but alas , he has been taken home , and we are left to mourn his loss .
as each wave of immigrants moves out of them , a new wave moves in to take their place .
hyrum had been the quarry foreman until his death , and now reynolds cahoon had taken his place .
to take place on our rivers ! !
you can not appoint a prophet ; but if you let joseph and the twelve remain and act in their place , the keys of the kingdom are with them and they can manage the affairs of the church and direct all things aright .
joseph smith then stood and took his place at the pulpit .
in place of the rude lean - tos , wagon - boxes and tents , about a dozen small log cabins had sprung up .
he drove the broken pin out of the old block , pulled the halves apart , and set the new pin in its place .
they present a very pleasing and noble appearance , and seem very appropriate in their places .
that puts me in second place for the vice - presidency , ahead of benton .
he stopped in his place , more serious now .
miss bingley , he wrote in its place .
remember your place , maret .
i hope i can answer all of your questions in her place .
de floyran took caradas place and he instead went over to speak to the guards on night watch to allay their curiosity at the unusual activity .
its due to take place o sunday , the betrothal i mean .
the betrothal has taken place , and elizabeth is a dutiful girl , and will do as her father orders .
aunt alis , who then cared for me , had been well - meaning enough , but could not take the place of a mother .
what more could one say , seeing that the betrothal had taken place ?
i have great respect for daniel hanson which was the only reason i employed the boy in the first place .
he had paid the shield tax to the king instead of personally serving in the garrison until robert had been old enough to perform this duty in his place .
and i d rather not , seeing as he stole it from me in the first place .
there was no longer any reason for him to serve as a member of the kings assembly except when he was called for his annual guard duty , and even then he could simply hire a knight to go in his place or pay , as his father had done for many years , the shield tax .
fifty - one she was , he calculated rapidly ; the hair not hidden by her veil was mostly grey and her face had lost the smooth skin of youth and gained wrinkles in its place .
he stood slightly apart from the other welshmen as though to imply he considered this interview a waste of time , and not once had his hand moved from its resting place on the butt of his sword .
when sister infirmarer died a year later , i simply took her place .
she remained silent on both subjects because she did nt believe it was her place to express an opinion under the circumstances , but a strange thing happened as the days passed .
goewyn , who had given her the plain dress to wear in place of her own , which they d all agreed attracted too much attention , frowned at the insult but bit her tongue .
he had thought only to reassure de vire ; to let him know that haworth now understood that de vire had taken his place .
as the men struggled to get past this obstacle , the archers fell back and the warriors who d acted as lures stepped up to take their place .
but she had no other to offer in its place and so her argument had no chance against the muscle of outraged male sensibility .
lets switch places .
olwen abruptly disappeared from view and a small crowd of men took her place .
no one challenged his claim to be chief in rhirids place .
gilbert was only in his early twenties , young to be the premier huntsman of a great estate , but his father and predecessor had died of a fever the year before hugh and haworth had arrived and the steward had simply appointed him in his place .
haworth went to stand next to him but discovered that gilbert was in his place .
abruptly , he left his place .
she knew she had to get up and take her place at her husbands side .
the large square - sail was lowered , and a small storm sail was hoisted in its place .
` ` it has been decided at the thing , and with the consent of all the crew , that every family who lost a man on the voyage may choose a male or female slave to help in that man 's place .
his brother , halfdan ragnarsson , becomes king in his place ( alfred the great : viking invasion ) 875 : alfred takes out a small fleet and routs seven viking ships .
you have seen too many years to be playing the part of a ram so sit down and accept your place .
for your place in bringing a dangerous outlaw to justice , i have arranged to have twelve mares and a stallion transferred to your estate .
perhaps you would prefer to take his place ?
in place of the scribbled - out city name in dark red , one word stood out written in sloppy letters : necropolis , the name given to the city upon its rebirth by the vampires .
he stuffed it back inside and grabbed the other in its place .
what he would n't give to take ishans place and drink his blood .
if he should lose and the one who challenged him takes his blood , then they will take his place .
the one who will soon take his rightful place as our master and lead us to victory against your puny people , '' she said .
in its place lay a desperation , a yearning so strong he could hardly sit still .
in place of the gaping wound he expected to find there was a purple bruise and a single red point in the middle of it that looked similar to a needle hole .
static filled the screen and then flickered until an image took its place .
i m happy to take his place this weekend .
manny traded places with jeremy , who stepped back out of the way .
the pieces suddenly fell into place in anns head .
i took her place and lifted and pushed the gate in a way i knew would be quietest .
he d known work was taking place on the pier , but he had nt thought about it when serenity gave him the place to meet .
nausea took its place .
colette escorted luke down the hall until they arrived at another andre look - alike , except this man had a white goatee in place of a beard .
as if under a great deal of internal pressure , a gushing fountain - like expulsion of fluid erupted from the small hole , expelling a putrid smelling greenish - yellow puss into the air and infecting all in the room save for the surgical mask wearing doctor who had erroneously inserted the needle into the taunt and swollen leg in the first place .
after the peels of laughter die down at this revelation , how was mark going to go about discussing how this caused a change within , as if something missing was suddenly slid into place ?
so i flex it again , out of panic , and just like that , all the male is washed away and its my gorgeous girl self left in his place .
there should have been a compliment lurking in there , natassia thought , but only tension hovered in its place .
this paranoid , suspicious man who flinched at every shadow was left in his place .
its going to explode and this time , our world will get blown to bits and that other world , the shuffled one with that extra , alien card from another deck , its going to take its place .
in its place , where his brain should have been , sat a bloated spider , its many eyes peeking at us from over the top of curtiss forehead .
one of the more annoying traits of demons , i assumed.i sat there for a long time looking at the gory space i d left in place of his head .
sticks a bit , that s why they moved it to the basement in the first place .
line from the dongle in my arm , spilling fluid from the detached tube , and screwed in a small syringe in its place .
we see another arm growing in its place , bifurcating at what would have been an elbow , and creating two more forearms sprouting from that point .
it had seemed simpler to tell the truth , or a part at least , and hopefully no nosy neighbours noticed james had come in with owen and elise in the first place .
since vampires ca nt procreate , when a young vampire ends up orphaned , couples like them just go in and take their parents place .
he would believe his government would be willing to kill him to keep him in place .
just after i had taken my place i heard a distant clock strike twelve , and in time came one and two .
instead of working wickedness by night and growing more debased in the assimilating of it by day , he shall take his place with the other angels .
then there are things which so afflict her that she has no power , as the garlic that we know of , and as for things sacred , as this symbol , my crucifix , that was amongst us even now when we resolve , to them she is nothing , but in their presence she take her place far off and silent with respect .
he shook his head , and coming back , sat down in his place .
he watched sparks of dust flicker with electricity on the screen and cursed the fact that he had turned it on in the first place .
another man stepped forward to take his place .
as daylight passed and the moon took its place , josh still did nt move .
next to it laid waynes promissory ring , a piece of cosmetic junk to be worn in the place of a real engagement ring .
if i had nt seen him earlier and knew how sick he was , i would have been wondering why we were going in the first place .
the fearful , corpse - like pallor slowly gave place to the normal pinkish flush of healthy life .
and the threat to find another normal woman to take my place as teacher of these monsters from that alien world brought realization that i must strike soon .
once in place , i began my work .
my body still rang from the blow it received , and i swayed slightly from the dizziness that now took the place of the pain .
another hungry , pale face quickly took his place .
he was going to miss that flask , had always considered it lucky , and had parted with it only after calculating the worth of the gold he could carry in its place .
` ` anthony , take my place .
only those remote and impassable peaks on the right gave her any sense of direction , and even they were less clear as the grey twilight waned and the sickly phosphorescence of the clouds took its place .
day came , and the phosphorescence of low clouds gave place to the misty twilight of that northern world , and still the vile bird winged meaningly through the cold and silence .
evidently the steerswoman was not making for the right dock , and probably the watchers had noticed the difference between the hideous ghouls and the almost - human slaves whose places they were taking .
the solid rock now gave place to the giant foundations of the monstrous castle , and it seemed that the speed of the party was somewhat abated .
that memory fades and in its place a new one appears .
one of the three must take her place .
i would take any of your places if i could .
you know if i could , i would take your place .
now is the time that one of you must take my place .
i will take your place , alexis says , cutting of emma from volunteering her commitment .
she watches as the statue form of the girl falls away and alexis takes her place .
many of them were locked , and almost all were bound in thick leather , with thin yellow parchment in place of proper paper pages .
there was a blinding flash of light , and then the prison was gone , in its place a massive silver cube .
brother hexarius will take your place .
to know that everything in these books actually took place must be a hard pill to swallow .
she tells me that she had trained all of her life to one day take her father 's place as the leader of the persuader clan , but she could n't receive her title as birthright alone .
a second one , this time a woman , quickly takes it 's place .
it was n't his bullet that took her from me , but he is close enough to punish in the place of the one who did .
elisha , my love , you must supply my place to my younger children .
but even if i were condemned to suffer on the scaffold for the same crimes , i would not change places with such a wretch . '
' the days now passed as peaceably as before , with the sole alteration that joy had taken place of sadness in the countenances of my friends .
but these gave place to a heavy swell ; i felt sick and hardly able to hold the rudder , when suddenly i saw a line of high land towards the south .
but his temper was fluctuating ; joy for a few instants shone in his eyes , but it continually gave place to distraction and reverie .
my mouth sputtered blood in place of my words and there was still so much left to say .
he rolls out of position and i take his place .
but no sooner are a dozen killed than two dozen take their place .
until then it was his duty to act in place of his master here on earth and she would be with him .
and he did nt seem the least put off by the smooth folds of skin that stood in place my eye sockets .
they buzzed into his ear , and he slapped them away , only to have a million take their place .
the macbookair hummed to life when he hit the button , it gave all the right soft moans and tonal greetings , but there was a strange symbol in place of the infamous apple , and instead there was a long , curved logo , a rather complex 3d rendering of a rounded blade and a long , straight black handle .
new survivors had come in to take their places , though .
this is why pa does n't like taking her places .
it was his first year in the place .
quebec is presently implementing plans to have legal guidelines in place .
he could have used his lands as a place of refuge for the peons and , perhaps , sought to change the system from within .
tom used to feel bad for him before deputy marsters showed up in place of deputy steve .
he felt it a personal affront that they would step foot in his place , as if osnos pharmacy was a country and he was its lord and king .
it was more croak than words , but she seemed to understand and resumed her place on his porch .
trents vision cleared up and when it did he saw ewen standing in place of the creature holding a bloody two - by - four .
lily was gone and this frightened , shivering thing had taken its place .
the nose all but disappeared , leaving two gaping wound - like holes in its place .
in its place , a single word appeared in the wood .
unfortunately for the demon , three dozen more sluagh surged forth to take the place of their fallen comrades .
she almost ran to him , but then she remembered her place and stood her ground .
she hopped down and took my place .
in its place was something darker .
as soon as one of the demons fell , another was there to take its place .
after having systematized as from routine the body of the young woman , riempiendo of wadding the mouth and the nasal hollow , made her wear an embarrassing plastic pouch to the place of the elegant and sensual briefs that more they would be agreed upon to ornament of such a sublime body .
two nobody was bound to the other by some obligation , they did n't go out together habitually , they were not introduced in public near , they did n't even have the habit to share the same bed during the night , also because saint had kept on occupying its place of nighttime undertaker to the morgue .
but did thing make us the pendant of sabrina in the place of a multiple homicide ?
two empty orbits had taken the place of its eyes .
in his place spoke the vein that began to pulse on his forehead , and alida understood that disciplinary measures would be taken as soon as she left the prison .
in its place there was a mushy and purulent layer of yellowish secretion which edges , red and raised , made him jump at the slightest touch .
in their place two iron rings with spring clips that the masons barely looked at .
in its place muttonbird had invaded through the windows of my gaze , she presided there .
it missed only the name , that angel had decided to omit ; to his / her place a sentence was read : the show must go on .
over the reflex , through the mirror , a curtain of a remote window of the building of forehead furtively returned to its place .
the purplish light extinguished him and to its place it turned on a more definite to illuminate both the white uniforms that a series of clogs from laboratory you post in a ledge below .
it is a constant of the humanity : every time that a revolution is near , it prevails our terror , and also the craziest millenarista succeeds in influencing the masses , remembering us what both our place to the presence of god .
while the raw images were spaced out for leaving place to the comforting shot of a journalistic study , emilio ricciuti he / she asked him for the first time if the treasure very craved , the egg that had brought to open himself / herself / themselves as a good schoolboy , pits indeed the street for the salvation of the planet or not rather the intrinsic reason for its sentence .
that s what got me thinking about doing the site in the first place .
the whiskey surged up , the brown alcohol swirling into the water as the two liquids exchanged places .
paul offered to go up in place of alma .
plot synopsis when a man who was thought to be dead commits murder , no one knows if he s a ghost or if he was never really put in his coffin in the first place .
gradually , her mind found patterns in the chaosand then it all clicked into place .
ill lie down at the church for now , but unless gabriel or sam can go in my place , ill have to leave tomorrow .
he then looked at his son 's teenage friends and wondered why he 'd ever agreed to take the trio of green horns out hunting in the first place .
the inspector wondered how the one armed pianist managed to put the watch on his wrist in the first place , before striding over to the bookcase .
no really , bane resumed , i mean what could stop you from killing me and taking my place ?
within seconds of being out of sight , the deafening blaze of gunfire abruptly ceased , and in its place , through the lingering smoky dark - grey haze , came the slow , and deliberately over exaggerated , sound of laughter .
with banes body now in situ , the time had come to replace the lid and plant him in the ground , but just before he did so , the final four pieces of the puzzle had to put in place .
we held our place .
several lights were on along the back wall but none in his place .
when i finished , i took his place so that he could replace the magazine clip in his beretta .
thom continued his momentum by running up its body as it fell , one foot on its leg , then one on its chest , and then as it hit the floor , one on its throat as he yanked the blade from its resting place , the metal on bone screeched as it pried out .
then he straightened back in his place .
inevitably the runaway boy would be caught and returned to his place on the land .
like the night before , tom looked up and seemed to see him ; their eyes met , yet chris could not detect the fear that others would have felt in his place .
finally , the tension left chris shoulders , leaving him a weary man instead in its place .
suddenly he felt safe in the others presence , instead of frightened as others would have been in his place ; somehow he knew the wolf would not harm him .
through the gap she saw a handful of scattered beasts but no sign of the huge bastard who chased us inside in the first place , which she had nicknamed ' zombeast ' .
the preacherman strained his neck , trying to see where the three had disappeared and where the remaining assembly seemed to be looking until remembering his place and returning his attention to the couple .
though back then , there was a squadron of death guards stationed in their place .
more took their place .
in its place stood a feminine anthropomorphic figure inside a ring of char .
after several arguments over it , he began to wonder why he bought it in the first place .
the splat hit considerably close to a young student seated a few tables away , and she turned in anger , intent on putting the culprit in their place .
no , i was not upset about that at all , for he should never have had my beautiful mares in the first place .
what dr . josephson on the tv had said slid into place along with what jessica had said , and my mind filled in the missing bits .
more pieces slipped into place .
wishing i could take his place .
at the moment , all i could think of was protecting her so no one would get to her in the first place .
the lady i met is gone and thiscreature , in her place , is a monster .
lane and elliot are going to take your place here until we return .
the woman had escaped ; she had left them to die in her place .
there was nt much of the stuff , just a smattering of it really , and pale to the point of being nearly translucent , but that was probably why he d overlooked it in the first place .
he turned from one and two more took its place .
mums felt the pins - and - needles electricity settle down and a cold phantom of regret washing in to take its place , followed swiftly by a mountain of oppressive guilt .
the last she remembered , her watch was over and iman had taken her place by the window .
after spying the tusks in the fog and lunging to the side , he had no recollection of what took place behind him .
one antler had been broken off , leaving a short dagger of bone in its place .
in her place now stood a beautiful , young woman , maybe in her late twenties , early thirties .
for your human delicacies , it might help you to understand that when a human child offers to us , they slip into a sleep state and the dream is where the sacrifice takes place .
blood and fluids can not be brought into the place of chains .
deal breakers in the spiritual planes end up in the place of chains .
it seemed that ariana could not be destroyed unless there was a child born of darkness to take her place .
it was almost four in the morning when ryan woke maria and they changed places , ryan was asleep almost the moment his head hit the pillow .
he s also fired the former mayors deputy and employed chief marsden in his place .
he let whatever was happening to him take place .
if they do not offer it , you can end up in the place of chains for stealing blood .
such a breach of the deal would land me in the place of chains .
he has his place at the cabin because of his deals with rock and wood .
he could see the horror in her face as she processed the information , understanding the consequences of her altruistic act , wishing shed never tried to help him in the first place .
at least thorne had his human guise in place though at six foot seven , giving off the whole ill kill you with a look vibe , he was the kind of guy people instinctively backed away from .
she could nt intimidate him ; ruth had kept brenda the bombshell in her place for years .
the statue was gone , ruths hand in its place .
but it quickly broke , as do all great things supported by bad deeds , and alex began whimpering like he and shakespeare and switched places .
he had an emerald ring on his left hand in the place of his wedding ring .
` ` what says i do n't just call the cops and claim this money was mine in the first place ? ''
i plucked a piece off , but it seemed another scale slid into its place , and i felt suddenly that all of the actions in all of the world were useless - that we always come back to where we started .
at the very least , if you had n't been here for the past seventeen years , meeting cyrus 's quota , there 'd be another person - a very real , live person - in your place .
suddenly gabriels form shifted , expanding as he flipped over atop delia , his suit shredding away from him as a giant wolf took his place .
it took the place of the stanford shirt her father had given her .
you get her here ; or you take her place .
the perfume bottles were still missing ; the brush was back in its place .
spying had its place but there was probably much more to be learned by confrontation here .
a piece fell into place in lucinda 's mind .
and keep this in mind : if you did nt at least believe me a little , you would nt have called in the first place .
in place of where the castle once stood , only a few cobblestones remained , their changing colors taunting mike and terry .
out of necessity , he tossed the short sword he had brought with him and put the katana in its place .
the two groups appeared to be switching places , the group that had left the building were heading toward the diner and the group from the diner heading toward the building .
the smile bled out of vincents face , leaving a stunned expression to take its place .
you were my nephew , my brothers son , and your place was with me , no one elses !
you were to take your place at her fathers side .
donny kelp had gone off to die ; i only hoped that the new identity in his pocket , jackson cole , would one day rise up in his place .
in place of the chilly february pennsylvania morning lay a desert sunrise .
doctor hawthorne needs her body exhumed and another buried in its place .
andrei had to goad them into action , saying , we need to clean this up as quickly as possible , and put something in place of this door in case more come .
it really was nt fair that vad should have had to die in your place .
amy wiped her sweaty forehead and continued pulling up long , tangled weeds where there would soon be bright pink and white flowers in their place .
gibbons felt like a prisoner who had just been walked to the gallows , met the hooded man who would pull the lever , and had taken his place on the platform .
she walked up next to tobey as they began to walk up the steep slope , taking her place on his left side .
it was all falling into place .
your troops will need to take the place of these men !
in its place was a still - smoking heap of rubble , only a small part of the blackened frame still standing .
there will always be other vampires to take your place .
the storeowner had snatched the moneybag out of her hands , glaring at her as if it was her fault the bag had gone missing in the first place .
then the shadow blinked out and a flare of light took its place .
and then the world shifted and clicked into place , and everything was all right .
somewhere along the way , they must have stopped , and she had taken her lovers place .
for every shadow vampire who fell , there were two more to take his or her place .
the golden vampires were being defeated , and there was no one to take their place .
no , terrill , she said.there was a reproachful tone in her voice that froze him in place.you have heard my words , but you have not understood them.you can kill all the shadow vampires , but more will take their place .
my question is answered but the revelation has caused a dozen more to take its place .
to their place , rhys finished .
but in its place , a riptide is churning in his stomach , and something has gone and replaced his leg bones with rubber .
it dropped at her feet , but another was now in its place .
because when the fog began to lift , something else took its place .
but still they had their place .
then he pulled the heavy door away from the wall , stepping back to trade places with the edge .
now it fell into place .
when grandmother died , jamila was expected to take her place , but she was unable to fill the void the powerful woman had left .
he knew who they were ; he had seen flicks end in the tree of time ; these people had taken his place ; voluntary puppets controlled from the far side .
an old man stepped in to take her place and the womans body was dragged off by an arm .
she made a deal with reaper to take another in your place when he eventually showed up to do his bit .
in its place was an old ruin , its walls bare brick , the roof missing .
do you have any idea who is taking his place ?
mr . jones , would nt more zombies come to take the place of the ones we killed ?
he set up a rotation schedule of men to take their place on the fence .
he assigned another salt to drive in my place .
i had loved emily once , loved her like a daughter , perhaps in place of the children i had never been blessed with .
but something else happened as the daylight flooded the room ; my terror fled , and that familiar anger took its place .
in its place he wrote down two other names , and those of only a backhoe operator and his own nephew , a kid on loan for the summer .
and again , for another weird moment he could not even remember what had got him out here in the first place .
i suppose that s what i get for stealing it in the first place .
i can see the effect of it but more mist rolls in to take the place of every volume my lungs manage to move .
we all looked upwards , in front of all the criminals were the photos placed but there was none in place of two , the one which we saw now and the one which was at last .
there is a thing of proud for us today for all of us including me that mr jorge luis has kindly agreed to take my place '' .
` ` i hope you will keep mr louis happy , it 's the least you can do , now i would request our worthy principal sir , to address his children '' , he said and then handed over the place to the another man named louis .
` ` i would like to thank sir , for giving me the opportunity for carrying out the administration of such a great college , though i had never thought of coming again to this college after the completion of my studies but i had got such a great chance , that 's like fulfilling of your dream , i am now taking place of a person who taught me to walk when i was not be able to , i know that there would be something missing in my work but i promise you sir that i would try my best to carry on with it thanku '' .
` ` you should carry on with your work and do n't hesitate to give advice to the one who is going to take my place , i remember that you feel very uncomfortable when ever i used to ask you people for the same '' .
` ` the appearance of faces and those sounds of horses all occur at a single place and this is the only reason why we are behind that , one more thing mr ashlesh has sacrificed his place in order to catch him only and as far as i know him , he would not have done it if he would not have been sure '' he said .
we were knowing that he was saying all these things as a sort of comment but , it was the least we can do that we stood up when our names were announced ` ` they both will present it , earlier the management used those old ways only to present anything on the stage but this time it will be new and different , the two will be going in place of one on the stage . ''
the days went on very fastly , the students who were selected for the trip were getting instructions on every point , mr crouch was very serious about the matter when only two days were remaining in the departure of the group during that time mr yaseen called us to his place .
in his place sat a woman with dark brown hair and green eyes .
barbatas had the ruins destroyed and had erected a new , grander structure in its place .
as he stripped ( and closed the windows and locked the doors ) , he thought very little about how he had never seen her neon blue outfit before or how she would have known to have bought it in the first place .
he had taken off his jacket since returning from the kitchen and put a white tank top in its place .
i need someone new to take his place in the darkness of dreams .
its what i should ve done in the first place , were crazy thinking we can go up against some kind of fucking mutant psycho .
the body had a full moon topping the shoulders now in the place of a visage .
lorz did it in her place .
the woman now sported great white squares in the place of the original naked breasts .
particularly terrible now were the gutted posters after his scissors had got to them : great holes in the place of breasts and parts , even more obscene than the originals .
the wall continued pivoting and presented a folded bed in the place of the table .
in its place , hung an envelope .
as the last man standing , despite only having one leg to stand on , it fell to me to play the game in their place .
taylor reappeared in her place and laughed .
they had no idea what had taken place .
she would have done the same in his place .
he and shawn felt the worst because thomas had taken their place in the situation between them and eva .
in her place was acting chief , demur harvalic .
some way - somehow , they had incorrectly died in his place .
his attempt to figure out what was taking place was useless .
since you had the audacity to assist in their escape you three will take their place .
with his power and influence with not just people in high places in the united kingdom but in other countries where he was adored , they would nt have dared to anger him .
because he had such strong support from other places east of europe , there was a always the nagging fear that he would call on his foreign allies , czechoslovakia being one - a nation that erected a statue of him in 1952 , many personal and business associates , to enter a conflict with them against england .
this kept her and all those like her in their place .
this evening , florence was nowhere in sight , and in her place a thinner , younger woman , named macy , complete with white chefs apron over black clothing , wisped in and out with an elegant meal of short - smoked salmon , cous cous and fruit .
by the time he found her , she had forgotten why she had asked for the medicines in the first place !
but this feeling soon gave place to irritation .
i went so far as to regret the loss of the animal , and to look about me , among the vile haunts which i now habitually frequented , for another pet of the same species , and of somewhat similar appearance , with which to supply its place .
they ' ve found a victim in our place ! ''
the first was a will , drawn in the same eccentric terms as the one which he had returned six months before , to serve as a testament in case of death and as a deed of gift in case of disappearance ; but in place of the name of edward hyde , the lawyer , with indescribable amazement read the name of gabriel john utterson .
clarke , in the deep folds of dream , was conscious that the path from his father 's house had led him into an undiscovered country , and he was wondering at the strangeness of it all , when suddenly , in place of the hum and murmur of the summer , an infinite silence seemed to fall on all things , and the wood was hushed , and for a moment in time he stood face to face there with a presence , that was neither man nor beast , neither the living nor the dead , but all things mingled , the form of all things but devoid of all form .
they shone with an awful light , looking far away , and a great wonder fell upon her face , and her hands stretched out as if to touch what was invisible ; but in an instant the wonder faded , and gave place to the most awful terror .
he had grown thinner ; something of gloom and anxiety had taken the place of that cordial serenity which used to characterize his features .
` ` the lady turned quickly to him , and touched her lip in token of silence ; she then said to me , ' keep my place for me , general ; i shall return when i have said a few words . '
the reaper took his place at the head while ankou and famine sat across from one another .
this might just take the place of gangrene tissue as a second favorite .
standing in his place was a tall thin being made up of a whitish , opaque , cloud - like material .
i ve defied my mother when she said that you or your family was nt good enough to associate with us , i overlooked the fact that you lied to me to be your friend in the first place , and i even had to endure an attack by some crazy bitch because i happened to be with you .
however , the former feeling was predominant and anger soon took the place of his happiness .
ill be in the place of a man .
he reminded himself , fighting his nerves in a futile struggle to lock his anxious hand in place .
how about i ... she nudged his hand aside and took its place .
this was a chance to get someone he trusted inside hollisters room to learn just what the hell she was doing , to get a shot at taking her place .
you have to give them time to realize what has taken place and all one can do is wait .
in their place was an almost solid redness .
very mistakenly , private charlie farro thought that she had finally learned her proper place in life- kneeling between his thighs .
in his place there was a big coil of very thick gray brown hoses with darker gray irregular designs on them .
the shots threw the first man against the wall , but three more took his place and even more filled the narrow hallway behind them .
soon , she would take her rightful place .
the human was gone , in its place stood a silver and black wolf .
visions , dreams , and prophecies took the place of thoughts , only to be forgotten in the moments following their psychic flashpoints , and then the void became the orgasm , the orgasm became the void , and he was floating , floating upwards through a grave , the grave of the astral plane , back to the universe he must rape , back to the races he must slay , back to the smoke - filled , sperm - splattered meditation chamber of the living spaceship , and back to the body he must escape , ascending to the ultimate state of consciousness and freeing the tortured soul of mother chaos , his soulmate and guardian angel .
gently , the two lovers smoked opium from a conjugal pipe , whose bowl was a vagina ringed in blossoming labia and whose twin mouthpieces were the tapering thighs of a spread - eagled sex slave , an incarnadine marble statuette which was a sinister transposition of the busts often found amongst the sculptures of elasvai , with hips and thighs instead of shoulders and arms , cut off at the knee rather than the elbow , female genitalia chiseled betwixt and atop them , in place of a cold staring head .
examining it more closely , he could see the veins and arteries pumping beneath the soft skin that took the place of bark .
all the old animal snares and traps were still in place , and were now triggered by passing forms of the necrodelic and the oneirophage .
the bloody limb still lay there twitching , but the oneirophage had grown an exact replication in its place .
after the dream - eater had withdrawn himself from her corpse , hydraman took his place .
the winged geryon baal'striga was now slowly lowered to the ground to take the place of the brontosauruses .
in place of the old 40 inch television sheri had always watched was a sixty inch sony complete with an extravagant sound system .
amanda 's mother was a vampire created by raun when he took her blood and infected her body with his own evil that had turned amanda 's mother into a vampire in the first place .
the sun had set completely now and a silver moon hung in its place , hidden slightly behind a thin veil of clouds .
he reached in the tool box for a wide flat blade that barely locked in place of the screw head .
i was so consumed with my good fortune that i d completely forgotten the reason i came to the bookstore in the first place .
but most of all i wondered if they would be secrets i wanted to uncover in the first place .
i did not want to go back there because i knew what used to stand in its place and the things which once happened there .
more pieces fell into place .
the panic and mindless terror were beginning to fade away , leaving a kind of numbness in their place .
she had born the brunt of gods wrath , falling ill and sending her eldest son to take her place in the pews .
some of the remaining glass fell to the ground , as the truck vacated the window , hitting the pavement below with a wonderful smashing sound that was almost an echo of the truck going through the window in the first place .
the sounds of boots striking concrete filled his ears , taking the place of the buzzing that the sudden silence had left .
the wind had died down , just leaving a fine mist in place of the driving rain from the night before .
this is an emergency broadcast , blah blah blah blah , please stay in your homes until the proper authorities sound the all cleardamn it , its the same message that was playing , and we then so blatantly ignored , when we left home in the first place .
so many more to take its place .
they said that they did this to keep people in place .
his only hope before had been the possibility of finding a woman to fill the place of lynn , hope was so easy to lose .
she had woven a plait of flowers , daisies mostly , there was nt much else to be found on the mountain side , and placed the ring atop her own head in place of a wedding dress and veil .
and then found other girls to take her place .
if all their plans fell into place , life in the valley looked to be a good one .
so we wear the masks when were around them , jane said , and try not to be around them in the first place .
a womans place is at the stove , cooking me breakfast , he would say .
as soon as the heels were in place i was being pulled over to the dressing table .
i described the plains , the tunnel , the monsters , the queen , the fortress and what had taken place there , waking up in the bathroom , and everything else that had happened since as quickly as possible , so that there would be no confusion .
his plan should have taken place already , but it proved more difficult than he anticipated .
the pain from earlier in the day had stopped , but in its place was a low - level burning tightness .
i m just glad it was open in the first place so i could get away from them .
as hemp hopped back in the car after swinging the gate closed and securing the lock , gem said , hemp , would barbell weights work in place of rocks ?
he was wearing nike tennis shoes , which were probably what helped him gain enough purchase to climb up on the hood in the first place .
all of our furniture was gone , and in its place were strange pieces that i knew were antique , but that looked oddly new .
it would be a success if when every time they caught one of the fuckers , another two did n't show up to take his place .
this started up another fight where garrick accused josh of taking too much , even though it was him who had offered it to josh in the first place .
it was as if , in the bright and careful arrangement he had made , in that a - place - for - everything - and - everything - in - its - place kitchen of his mind , a dark and bloody intruder now lurched and shambled , coking for a place to die conspicuously ... a quarter of a mile from the bowden house was the freeway , running eight lanes wide .
all these things taking place in this peaceful neighbourhood of quiet , little houses basking in the sun .
his place taken by yet another streetcorner santa .
the memory clicks into place .
the day my destiny fell into place and i started on a collision course with lord loss and his vile familiars .
the ardeur is great , and it can take the place of a lot of foreplay , but its not what i want right now .
did she give me her vampire marks in place of his ?
it had taken the place of sorrow , pleasure , and love .
` ` rafael told me he 'd offer up his own body and blood in my place if he could help make st . louis a safer place for his people .
this was not ardeur for feeding , but the feeding taking the place of the slaughter that the lover of death wanted us to perform .
chimera shamed him in front of all of them , because merle would n't offer himself up in the place of that other leopard .
i tried to dismiss the image , but another image , even worse , came in its place : roland d. lebay inside the silk - lined casket , dressed in his best suit and his best underwear - sans smelly , yellowing back brace , of course .
the camaro shifted its stance on the road as the car behind them fell back a trifle ; to buddy it was as if they were suddenly floating , and he knew they were a hair 's breadth from going into a wild , looping skid , the front end and the rear briskly swapping places until they hit something and rolled .
would have been torn down ten year ago , if there was anything to put up in its place .
because that was the way it was done in the place of the wolf , that was how it was done in the house of the scorpion , it was what passed for love in desperation .
he took it out , put the bottle of pills in its place , started to shove the cellular into his pants pocket , then decided it could n't hurt to try again .
she ran past a couple of dusty chairs standing by what looked like a defunct lighting control - panel , then down the narrow hall they had taken to get to the stage in the first place .
tak , the unformed one , did not dare approach him , so she must do it in tak 's place .
he thought he liked johnny 's crazed look better the wide eyes and terrified clyde barrow grin he 'd had on when he put the shotgun up to the cougar 's ear and blew its head of f. that there was a half - bright outlaw in johnny was something steve knew very well - he 'd seen flickers of that guy from the start of the tour , and knew it was the outlaw bill harris had feared when he laid down the five commandments that day in jack appleton 's office - but clyde barrow seemed to have stepped out and left the other marinville , the one with the satiric eyebrow and the windbag william f. buckley rhetoric , in his place .
` ` you and i can switch places . ''
something bad been put in its place : a piece of stiff paper .
here was a fine and perfect darkness in its place .
darren chiles had been sitting on it when henry came in ( as the one with the dope , chiles had rated the most comfortable seat ) , and now henry took his place .
in its place was a miserable half - sanity .
in its place henry sees a pay telephone - the old - fashioned kind with different - sized holes on top , one for quarters , one for dimes , one for nickels .
no one else moved in to take their place .
i heaved it aside without a look and slammed a fresh blank canvas in its place .
` ` but i 'll tell you something , you guys : if that 's what 's coming for me in the end , i sort of wish i 'd never been born in the first place . ''
and the last piece fell into place .
i could have explained that your inhibitions took the place of a lot of foreplay .
the other one , the half - crazed let's - play - bingo - until - the - money's - all - gone look , had come back to take its place .
when guys like brian lippy lose the grin , what comes in to take its place is this kind of dopey sullenness .
he had a lovely smile - she guessed it was that smile , so warm and good - humored , which had persuaded her to go out with him in the first place .
i could , ifi could turn my hand alittle farther in that unnatural backward direction when i needed to gethold of the miserable glass inthe first place , i think i can stick my necka little farther forward and get those last few sips of water .
standing there in her place is nora callighan .
` ` i was half - numb to let him lock me up in these things in the first place , '' she croaked .
she closed her fingers upon the glass she had worked so hard to get in the first place , looked at it curiously for a moment looked at it as a gardener might look at some unexpected specimen she had found growing in among her beans or peas - then gripped it .
she grasped one of the footposts because she had started to sway on her feet again , and suddenly realized she could n't remember getting off the bed in the first place .
i have an idea that when the old sticks that run the firm get around to taking gerald 's name off the letterhead , brandon 's will take its place .
then i heard some voice inside me , punkin , i think ; punkin who showed me how to get out of the handcuffs in the first place and got me moving when goody tried to interfere - goody with her wistful , counterfeit logic , punkin , god bless her .
the sky was down , the hateful broken scree of the slope was up , and then they swapped places - swing your partner with a dosey - do , everybody change .
in their place was one of the guys her dad called ` ` talk - show idiots . ''
trisha decided she had never taken the radio out in the first place , because she never could have refixed the buckles and straps so neatly in the dark .
fiddler takes his place .
and at 3:37 bangor west 's roger fisher , dave 's dark - horse pick to start in place of the absent mike pelkey , is warming up .
barrett started feeling disappointment at her lack of response , then realized that she could not conceive of what had taken place inside the house .
i changed places with newman and managed to direct him how to hold his jacket and hands around the sword .
the sewing machine and the baskets of fabric and the cardtable and the desk and the la - z - boy all kept their places , seeming each month to solidify their holds on their respective positions in the room and to further establish their legitimacy .
he crawled out into afternoon sunlight and the babble of the stream , and everything fell into place again .
then he remembered why he had happened to run full - tilt into the elm tree in the first place and looked around .
` ` git back in yer place , boyo ! ''
and now i wonder if that blind thing might not have been at work even then , -drawing nun back so i could take my place in that circle in the barrens that august evening .
wide bands of pastel fuzz took their place .
people just kept their place .
the memory has fallen naturally into its place , and he hears that same low but distinct click !
it thuks to the floor and rolls toward him like a hideous bowling ball , its blood - matted hair changing places with its grinning face ; it rolls toward him leaving a gluey trail of blood and dismembered bits of feather behind , its mouth working around its clot of feathers .
but halfway through richie 's story , a new memory clicks into place for him and he understands the pain .
he led her down the hallway toward his room , deciding in some confused way that if he were to be unfaithful , it should be a complete act of infidelity , consummated in his place , not hers .
the d - doorway into its place .
` ` not quite , '' dervish says , and the weight lifts as suddenly as it fell into place .
that 's why i went in the first place . ''
he could remember leaning forward to get his cigarettes off the dashboard and that was when the last skid began and he tried to ride it out but it kept getting worse ; he could remember a heavy dull thump and then the world 's up and down had swapped places .
he could only remember reaching for his cigarettes , then the amazing way the ground and the sky had switched places , then darkness .
` ` so 's k - y jelly ... in its place .
he put the stem between his teeth , marvelling again at how perfectly right it felt there , how perfectly in its place .
a new sign went up in its place .
then he leaned into the window , removed help wanted and put up closed columbus day in its place .
mr . gaunt had spent the afternoon in castle rockace knew it - standing by his window , watching the passersby , perhaps even removing the closed columbus day sign every now and then and putting up open in its place .
in the place of these wonderful things was mr . gaunt 's face ... only he no longer looked as he did in his shop .
no matter what i tried or how many times i asked her to go to counseling - together or just her alone - aubrey was no longer the woman i married , and we were all waiting for the woman who took her place to finally say she did n't belong in that life .
a huge explosion accompanied by a big boom immediately took the place of the gas station .
and the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices , but still , the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure .
remember , this was in 1951 , and little kids had to think up something to take the place of sniffing airplane glue out of paper bags , which had n't been invented yet .
and as the terror left , drowsiness began to come in its place .
a darkly charming smile shone forth in its place .
his father had had her for a patient for years , and when jimmy took his place , even running things out of the same cumberland office , she had come to him without embarrassment .
` ` we killed the master of the city of charleston and have put our own vampire in his place .
your requiem is taking his place for a month . ''
` ` sergeant , take anita 's place ; let her dance for you . ''
the imagination seemed to spring to full life in the clear air , beyond the rein of reason , and to look was to helplessly see one 's self plunging down and down and down , sky and slopes changing places in slow cartwheels , the scream drifting from your mouth like a lazy balloon as your hair and your dress billowed out ... she jerked her gaze away from the drop almost by force and followed jack 's finger .
in its place was a round black hole .
the key was gone and in its place was the black stone with the red flaw .
and i 'd like to see harold lauder in charge , because it was his idea in the first place . ''
but if you feel like you ca n't cut it , its awful - damn important that you find someone to take your place tomorrow .
when norris left the podium , ralph brentner took his place .
and infection is what made people want to make the germ in the first place .
dave phillips caretook their place , and digger himself had helped dave tarring the driveway last fall , before the leaves fell and things got busy again .
suddenly the study was gone , and in its place he saw the ridgeway section of bergenfield , where he had grown up .
twilight was slowly surrendering to full dark when alan said harshly , ' they 'll change places if it goes on long enough , wo n't they ?
he brought his arms - what remained of them - down into his sides in a savage gesture , crushing dozens ... but dozens upon dozens more came to take their places .
' place was practically falling down around that woman 's ears , ' herb said .
i can simply not give up my place as next in your bed .
` ` who do i send in my place ?
i asked for a forwarding address and he threw back his head and emitted a screaming gobble that apparently served him in the place of laughter .
the man at the loophole next to mine left his place to see what the shouting was about .
` ` it had crossed my mind , '' i said , ` ` but the alternative seems to be waiting around to see who mrs . carmody taps for the place of honor . ''
he would not leave his place in the market , he said , but added in a remarkably gentle tone of voice that he did n't blame ollie for doing so .
well , he felt something , obviously he had , or he never would have unlimbered his checkbook in the first place .
so in its place came anne 's voice , saying the same thing for the third time , telling her she was getting funny in the head , getting weird like uncle frank , telling her they would be measuring her for one of those canvas coats you wear backwards soon enough ; they would cart her up to the asylum in bangor or the one in juniper hill , and she could rave about flying saucers buried in the woods while she wove baskets .
what came instead , louder and more urgent than before , was a repetition of what had gotten him going in the first place : bobbi 's in trouble !
' have you ever beard the one , ' she asked , ' about the guy who invented a pill to take the place of gasoline ? '
she could even have ignored a third factor : at about the same time the pawings had stopped and the perfume smells had begun , old charlie estabrooke had retired from the post office and a woman named nancy voss had come up from the augusta post office to take his place .
16 now , with the screams of freeman moss just beginning to fade from their minds , the screams of andy and ida bozeman took their place .
he dropped one of the clubs and began to juggle the slingshot in its place .
written on the swinging door of the trash barrel were the words put litter in its place .
he now scanned through it one final time , looked at the photograph of the apartment building where his friend had been found , then rolled the paper up and pushed it into a trashbin with the state seal of connecticut on the side and put litter in its place written on the swinging metal door .
' we have no idea where your wife and son are as of right now , ' bannerman said , and vic suddenly felt all of his guts drop back into place .
stetson was gone , yes , but something else was in his place .
but it do n't quite make up for killin him in the first place .
after the plague , we come down out the hills and took up our place in our rightful homes .
they can do it , eventually , but it costs them time and fuss - and by the time they have reached the top , they have usually forgotten what brought them there in the first place .
and they do not fight in tandem with fletcher 's men but against them as well as the soldiers - perhaps in retaliation for fletcher having brought this battle upon them in the first place .
so , in place of those vulgar words i shall substitute la - tee - da .
he had won ; he had put this arrogant gringo in his place .
then , just when stephanie had snapped back in her place , the caller , who was none other than mrs . bowden herself using a pink wireless microphone , shouted ` ` ladies and gents , boys and girls , promenade your partner ! ''
i ve started running though , and stopping now would look even more foolish than just carrying on what i ve started , like a commander who knows that all his troops are heading off on a suicide mission , but would rather see them all dead than admit he made the wrong choice in the first place .
as soon as a frustrated and cynical scottish programmer realises that he does n't exist , then he ceases to be , leaving nothing but reality in his place .
so i set to taking it back to the little pit of memories it must have been taken from in the first place : pa 's and my cave .
it do n't make no sense for me to shoot my old self , since if i shoot my old self then he 'll never turn into me to go ahead and shoot himself in the first place .
she took her place .
given the reputation of the newspaper in question , these conclusions would now be accepted as standard , would take the place of the truth , and could be quoted in good company without fear of contradiction , because we now had it ' on good authority ' .
if he s killed his advisors take his place and so on and so forth .
if the diamonds are snapped off more grow back in their place .
standing in his place was henny , fluffing her feathers and pecking the barn floor with steady conviction .
could anyone take her place ?
we will let it leak out on some student web site that were getting another fancy bowl to take the place of the one stolen , she said .
only reason i did nt in the first place was because you can end up sitting in line for hours to unload .
finally , he had put one of those slippery librals in his place .
my hooded guest observed me quietly before he answered , a valid question , and i will have to ask you to place some faith in our friend who chose me as your contact in the first place .
he also carried an additional sack containing two cinnamon rolls as a decoy to justify his stopping by the diner in the first place .
i say sponge because the actions i ve witnessed of more than a few callous individuals lately strongly suggested the presence of something more akin to a worn out sponge in place of a brain .
i barely recalled hearing their comments relating to how my opponent , cecil wonkers , looked forward to putting one of those soulless socialist in his place .
i noted ravellas knack of talking off her friends qualms without supplying anything substantial in their place .
she had followed this advice , but used a dayrunner in place of a bible .
it took place entirely on the enterprise , and captain kirk was defending his ship against an invasive alien .
once the new pipe work was in place louie could cover it up again .
lulu let me change places with you , there is a little bit more mischief to be done .
of course , pearl continued , once the new councillors are in place we will go back to the bank and restore the money in the holding account back to the council account .
ill change places with you pearl , said lulu .
lulu and pearl changed places and pearl headed off to merge with the bank manager .
this was his contribution to the cheering that was already taking place inside the stadium .
he was frustrated , there was nothing more that he could do for me and while i was extremely thankful to him for creating the opportunity for me in the first place i was feeling helpless and upset at the situation .
an exact replica of the building , only with two more stories and an elevator and better office dcor , is to be built in its place .
morris stared at the bars door , at the point andrea last occupied before stepping out into the world and night , unsure of what had taken place .
the air in their place was heavy and somber , a miasma of tension and unhappiness , but each time he asked either seymour or stavroula , he was told , everythings fine .
they ve taken over her place .
big tyme slides james boogie down browns name plate in its place .
if you take his place and beat me i will give you the core , no strings attached .
good point , but , a ) we have nt blown anything up yet , and b ) we need to find someone to take herstaffs place .
then as more gears clicked into place he remembered about the others .
he is in place ?
then , with right - to - work in place , nobody can make any union dues get paid and help the wages go up a teensy bit with a strike .
tina will undoubtedly be able to put timothy in his place .
but his displeasure at her departure was aimed largely at her and not the unknown rogue who d usurped his place , bringing him to the conclusion that he was miffed by his memory loss and the fact vanessa had not filled in the gaps .
in purgatory , for dramatic effect , he might have expected blood in its place , thick and lush .
in its place a ceiling , himself suspended from it , striding over paint and leaving footprints in the plaster - the first man on this moon .
yours affectionately , a secret admirer despite its oddness , and despite the fact i had no clue whom this secret admirer really was , i decided to heed the warning , since someone had gone to all the trouble of sending it to me in the first place .
emma does nt realize it , but she would switch places with maggie if she got the chance .
i was relieved to have my harlequin mask in place .
when i glanced in veronica 's direction , i saw that familiar glint of red in her eyes and remembered why it was i d come to this farmers field in the first place .
but before long , he returned to the reason why he 'd come over in the first place .
and some rubber washers , so i can fix the toilet in my place , vern added .
almeric chipped away at the freezer compartment of his fridge with his screwdriver , amassing a pile of splinters and crystals , green shards and blue starforms to go with the white ice - cubes he 'd weighed carefully and stacked on the table in place of his pilfered bomb .
mike rutherford had said that now they were all here he would like to get the meeting under order and he took his place .
the bin men were not seeing the funny side of it at all and were muttering dark threats about what they would do to the little bastard who had put the tyre there in the first place .
( turn and look awkwardly at each other ) cs skips into place and hs looks eager too .
he was satisfied to see the animals in their place ; trapped in a cage , spirits broken .
that way , they would n't have to pretend to hire someone to take his place .
after that , a mass of eligible bachelors ( led by cousin elias ) headed for farmer jones ' place .
i took my place .
there are hundreds of others just waiting to take your place .
ill be out of the house more , have more money to go out , abby said confidently , putting all her faith in everything being fixed by one piece falling into place .
my panic , which until now had been threatening to spill over into uncontrolled hysteria , suddenly began abating and a curious sense of acceptance and inevitability was growing in its place .
she had nt relapsed , but that did nt mean that something else had nt taken heroins place .
i should nt have agreed to play along in the first place .
a face that miriam would swear saved their marriage by keeping him in his place .
when one of the secluded died another pure bred from the same lineage would take its place , the horses were well kept and fed , and above all else to be respected .
he took his place and stood silently .
i am not going to sit here in a cramped car for eight hours waiting so we can break into someones house to look for something we have no idea what were looking for in the first place .
he was having fun , something he had nt had since the last great crusades ; war had nt been the same since automated weapon systems and the geneva convention took the place of hand - to - hand combat , followed by the slow and painful torture of the nearly deceased .
mom had laughed at his suspicions , but on more than one occasion i d noticed mrs . sikes looking at his backside and smiling when he bent over to fix something in her place .
a nest in the sofa did nt concern me half as much as how the mice had managed to get inside and build it in the first place .
i had a feeling that the frog , especially now that he was on a leash , was taking the place of the dog janets parents never allowed her to have , despite her endless begging .
the only reason i d wanted to come in the first place was to dance with tim , not to be stuck with conrad gulping into my ear all night .
she pulled a few strands of the coarse , black wig across her face as she traded places with them , but she need n't have bothered .
sell off our heritage to the developers because , mark my words , when the last pie and mash shop falls , and they put up a mcdonalds in its place , then you ll wonder if the olympics were a good thing .
i was beginning to think it was maybe him who started the treasure rumour in the first place , hoping the games would get shut down on grounds of archaeological significance or whatever .
most men would find her attractive , and , in his place , would hope to keep her , but owen wished she 'd slipped away before dawn .
in her place was miss gore , the hrt leader .
had she perhaps overstepped the mark and was rob about to put her in her place , as mr buller might have done ?
these days and then he would analyse the situation and tell her what he would have done in her place .
she must have known what he was thinking : please let him fall in , not seriously injured , of course , but soaked and put in his place .
then , at the office , there was no kylie and , in her place , a neatly typed notice of immediate resignation was waiting for him .
` ` i , baroness lumilla sywinge indolencia oxrabbit , am present in place of baron regedulf solthyron asrius oxrabbit , high lord of the empire , well in mind and body , and ready to participate in these proceedings . ''
the emperor - elect was in place , although a bit fidgety .
some high lords were in place , although a bit restless .
and those not prepared to fight to preserve their place within it , shall perish .
quickly a cup of coffee was poured , and a large dollop of cream splashed into place .
he subconsciously felt the briefcase handle slip from his hand and a paper cup take its place .
gourmet coffee took its place on the chopping block .
the corridor stretched beyond him leading to a multitude of standard office doors with only keyholes in place of handles .
it stretched down to the floor and supported the person in place of feet , splitting to double as hands when needed .
in place of the monstrous legs that usually supported their beastly frames sat two scrawny , human legs covered in tatty pants and dishevelled , worn , cloth boots .
sid turned as though his crowning ceremony was taking place before their very eyes .
the field disappeared as an image of sid took its place .
sid recounted his place .
in its place stood the top half of dollop , tensing and growling in a manner reserved for battle fields and inner city town centres at weekends .
in place of a face is a giant black hole .
'' but it was n't yours in the first place , '' says mister vanilla mildly .
there were no women present , not that he expected to see any , and arden noted that apart from his mate sala ( who would , after sitting respectfully through most of dickeys upcoming presentation , immediately involve himself in the furious betting taking place alongside the ring ) , he had the fairest complexion of any of the approximately two hundred indians in attendance .
he reasoned that mudd must have been home again at some point , for the penny purse was gone from its hiding place , but it was certain he was not there now .
in its place had been posted a one - sheet decreeing the evening opening of the trachiniae as performed by the illegitimate sons of sophocles .
but you ' ve been sucking blood from poor steph without her knowing which is pretty terrible , and we 're pretty sure you were stalking her in the first place .
a giant blood blister now stood in place of shaps white scar .
the door had been removed and in its place hung a row of light reflecting glass beads .
in their place sat a cluster of large bean bag chairs and oversized pillows .
i imagined brandons neck in its place .
now a very concerned and deadly serious person stood in her place .
wicked eagle talons took the place of delicate human feet .
and if i directed my attention to that person , yet another would suffer in their place .
bella noticed when she got home that her mother appeared still to be somewhat red - eyed , but the loving way her parents greeted each other after their rare and brief absence from each other at least gave bella some reassurance that the problem was n't between her parents but still gave her no clue as to its origins or whether the solution had been put in place or not .
he could not ask thomas , who would think less of him for stealing it in the first place .
you re one of these blow - in types who gets paid a ridiculous sum of money to stand around and get in the way just so the world can see that democracy is taking place .
it was an enduring image , and one that would satisfy the readers of kates newspaper ( and every other national newspaper in the western world for that matter ) until the shock and amusement of it faded and another less or more worthy story would come to take its place .
` ` deeds in place of words , he despises the girl .
should tunis had been so critical , chip / silly would have made the trip himself in place of bridgework .
in their place : john mcilroy took chris ' room ; while james took barold 's old , to stop him going lame from climbing three steep sets .
july saw erwan taking emmett 's place .
other dealers plied his trade in place .
mr hamish was trying to do the hamusbic shuffle on the linoleum floor with bucket in place of pint .
they spend as much time filling them , taking them out , talking about how to get them to work properly , and all that , that they might as well just wash the dishes in the first place .
from now on , each would know his place .
peddle was next , politely explaining that as the painter had missed out no.7 , he had parked in no.8 , and scarcely had he put down the handset when the chief inspector was on the line to complain that peddle was in his place and he had been forced to park in no.9 ( ` ` for god 's sake , they share the same office ! )
sage was complaining that some person had had the audacity to park in his place and enclosed a copy of a stroppy missive entitled ' to whom it may concern ' , presumably for him to pass on to dik .
he thought it better not to make an issue of it , especially on his first day and allowed folklore to have his secretary collect a duplicate form from the personnel office for him to fill in with a bland ' all ' in place of the offending remark .
as he , watkins , had known nothing about it until after the event and it had begun to show itself as a good thing , he had had the afterthought to send mr happy a retrospective memo authorising him to try it out , so that when anderson was ambushed by howell outside the executive toilet , persuaded to go and see it and duly impressed , watkins could prove that it was all his idea in the first place .
` ` only if you are prepared to take his place . ''
its use in place of conventional additive systems from 1971 onwards , which were loaded with the stuff ) could have unknowingly saved anything up to 30 000 infant lives and the misery inflicted on their parents .
this has been a stumbling block for neo - darwinian theory , which -- when combined with the gaps in the fossil record -- amounts to two arguments based on reason and imagination in place of a testable theory .
and then she was assigned to craw , who took her place on snooping within our premises .
` ` everything seemed to fall in place that day , and every turn and decisions i made went smoothly , i ended up killing his new intern and played assistant long enough to download the information on rubrix , '' ` ` did you actually get to hold it , back then ? ''
as you will already know , nancy france has gone off to the antipodes and in her place for our new series we have a lady trick cyclist ( laughter ) , sorry , psychiatrist , and so ill shall have to warn our other panellists and members of the audience to keep their thoughts under control if they do nt want her to know what they are all thinking ( slightly less laughter ) .
ill take her place .
lady marlebone had grown weary some time earlier and retired to a comfortable corner chair , with winterhaiming taking her place .
i ca nt help it , your lordship , i do nt think you have any idea what s taking place here .
but mother .. a womans place is to bring joy and light into the dismal world of men .
with a quick glance at lee , cynthia scooped up miss blackie to take her place and nurse the cat on her lap .
typical low - type , convinced of the superiority of physical altercations in place of worshipful and peaceful contemplation .
haddington mumbled half to himself as he watched winterhaiming escape the company of cloud and take clarences place by cynthias side .
well , sir , what would you have done in my place ?
in the middle of the waltz haddington had to surrender his place to lee , he joined clarence on the side of the room and stood tapping his foot to the music and watched them with a pleased smile on his face .
by this time drade had completely lost track of what was bunk and what was not , but he did not mind too much , and since it had been he , who had had the idea of going to professor bunk in the first place , the deep satisfaction that vindication bestows began to well up from within .
drade picked up his own pace , subtlety certainly had its place , but at this point he did not want to lose him , and he would rather have sprinted though the moving traffic and rugger - tackled bobbin to the ground to get his attention , than have spent another morning freezing to death on that bench .
no chance of someone steading in my place , is there ?
gone was the blind - eyed reserve and oblique intimations that had secreted their purpose for so long ; and in their place were sheer , unadulterated congratulations and thanks .
i stayed walking on the treadmill , learning to hate the sound of logs being cut outside as i coughed but steadily churned away in place .
one 's that 'll let you march in place while i sell my witchery goods off .
jimmy turned and pushed himself up onto one knee so he could see over the high backrest , and then he grabbed candy and physically switched places with her so she was next to the window .
i m looking forward to putting those brits in their place .
i can take blakes place .
usually after bombshell slipped off into the night , merlot would take up his place back at the bar next to gout and they would reluctantly be served badly by the late night staff .
the stolid old cheese rolls and perspex memento mori had long since vanished ; in its place stood a small plastic apology of a tree in a pot , decorated with tinsel and mini angels .
virg knocked on the door and offered to let me wear one of his outfits in place of the robe .
animals are wonderful , but never enough to take the place of the right guy .
it was probably a mistake to hold it in the first place .
the implosion would occur and then the correct beliefs would be put in place .
in its place we will simply have a few more brain disorders .
jokes and hyperbole have their place , but for crying out loud at least know what the words actually mean first .
5 ) you agree with any of the following : a woman 's place is in the kitchen , children should be seen not heard , hippies should be shot , abolishing slavery was a mistake , and homosexuals are an abomination .
to really understand what took place that day they would need to spend long stretches of time at haute house , living with the protagonists , interviewing and cross - examining them over and over again .
they all liked to think they had some kind of influence over what took place at haute house , though since sydneys and his mothers deaths their powers of persuasion had dwindled .
time would put everything in its place , he argued , so more time , please .
but that was not his place , as he well knew .
so spotty had had to prise it out of him , syllable by syllable , putting it all together until he had a clear idea of what had really taken place .
the way he put emily in her place just like that .
i d squeeze out of the way and let them find true happiness with each other ; only , in the first place , the thought drives me mad with jealousy , and in the second place , it might provoke a gruesome lovemaking the likes of which the vatican has only rarely seen .
giacomo headed for the bar , his mission accomplished in getting them there in the first place .
well , olivia said on an audible sigh , its a good thing he s not attracted to you ; otherwise , he likely would nt have hired you in the first place .
it was an overview of the security in place for club outrageous , a schematic of the new club in vegas overlaid with identified weaknesses in current operations , a comparison of approaches to security management of the entire property , casino included , and so forth .
sobig shoes have their place .
in your place , i also would be a little dissatisfied with my role in law - ha - flace .
suffice to say , ediths confession had flattened arnold matson to such an extent that he was still having to pinch himself that the last few hours had actually taken place and there was absolutely no question that this bolt from the bluest of blues was going to go any further .
simple food and the warmth of the dormobiles heater provide arnold matson with the comfiest seat in this human auditorium and it is all taking place on the other side of his mud - spattered windscreen .
accept the invite and you can go in my place .
it was after the lesson that mr johnson took dave aside and asked him to stay behind , which is where the true final piece of the jigsaw fell into place .
i would nt trade places with him , would you ?
the lines were drawn , and the first phase of the plan was in place .
the final part of the plan was in place .
but that s the point things do nt just fall into place .
in her place was a young woman with a drawn face and weary eyes who was trying hard not to expose her vulnerability .
great beings are all right , but they would be improved immensely if there was a satisfactory way of putting them in their place .
nor at my place , perg chipped in , anxious to be seen to support the object of his affections .
if she put the chair under the door , she could maybe jump up and scramble out the opening , but how would she open the door in the first place .
although i was still not quite ready to admit that i was not here for the official business one normally conducts in this setting , and so i flushed the toilet to make it look like i had indeed completed the transaction expected to take place .
dick the resident drummer is to take my place for the evening .
that s very kind of you , but it was me that dragged him on to the stage in the first place and that might have caused him to , you know ...
delgatti gave a disdainful look to sammy hogan , the one who had , obviously none too discreetly , brought the box to him in the first place .
there are doubtless othersmore humblewho can serve in his place .
two orphaned little boys , he said , could take their place , and he would love and raise them as his own .
persist , and ten thousand wolves shall take my place .
but the king would never yield , for he knew there were no longer any wolves to take the place of his tormentor .
do they forget that it was them that had opened them in the first place ?
i m sending him in my place .
he was nt cut out to be a reporter in the first place .
my plan after this talk with my sister was to drop band as an elective and put art or drama in its place .
with the one hundred million brought in place , the project has been officially funded by o & o .
the statement and its intensity caused charles to lose his place and have to abort the countdown .
he says they did n't know enough about the outdoors to even be scared , and that 's why they were out in their kayaks in the first place .
in fact , the paved portion ended fairly quickly before an unpromising dirt road took its place .
since she is n't here and that hussy taken her place .
and so we drove home , and once we got clear of downtown shep told me he 'd drive and so shep and i switched places .
i felt a weight on my chest , like being restrained by a thousand blankets , but in place of alarm i felt oddly comforted .
well , that morning he forgot to bring the weight to work and not wanting to lose his job , he took the place of it .
you know what he looks like because its not a blind date but you wonder if he s still the guy you met and agreed to the date in the first place .
i sort of hated having him go off and risk his life feeling depressed but i was sure he would find another woman to take my place shortly .
i looked at him hard and with narrowed eyes , which was easy because they were swollen and i could nt open them very wide in the first place .
i did nt want to trade places with cody .
the girls hand still hovered in front of his mouth , but the finger had vanished , a flash of bone and knuckle in its place , blood pulsing from the severed digit .
i bet grandfather is clawing at the roof of his casket at the fact that i obliged her in the first place .
he does nt dwell on this subject very long , and usually turns his thoughts to which of the kids will come to manage the estate in his place .
and it was mrs . salak who held the place of honor as emily 's mother at emily 's wedding when emily married a wonderful young man she met at church .
if you ca n't do your job , then you can take their place .
unknown to him she has married and sends a mail - order bride in her place .
you ve created a clone of me to take my place so that he can carry out whatever evil plan you cooked up !
he could have taken his place this morning . ''
` ` so you were planning to take my place then ? ''
` ` take your place ? !
while this was happening , the clone turned to superkid and said , ` ` i ' m sorry for trying to take your place .
vallesa , the nurse , had conveniently left out the part of her story in which the sexual distraction had taken place .
sleep well '' a piece clicked into place .
you 'll finally get the chance to finish the goddamn job you should have done in the first place .
all the pieces are scattered throughout my brain , i ca n't just seem to put them into place . ''
i use only the thickest unpublished manuscripts in place of bricks .
like i should have done in the first place , '' emma said , as she happily got the last button buttoned on her new dress , which seemed to have a hundred buttons along the front , neck to hem .
as he passed one fellow , though , he could n't resist lifting the man 's slack jaw back into place .
durand took advantage of the standing up to gallantly switch places with emma , so he was between the two of them .
` ` he 's familiar , '' richard answered , puzzled because the man seemed awfully familiar , but somehow could n't be put in place or attached to a name .
we exchanged places and he managed to make a decent , safe meal of toast and milk .
he was my first , nobody could take his place , and that scared me .
love not your possessions , family or ideologies ; instead love others ; so that you never stop taking place in others life .
and that particular line had hit me hard , ... you are not how you take place in your life , but instead you are how you take place in others life .
i will be the happiest man around , if by chance , something like see you god takes place in your own imagination ; and so it does in the imagination of countless of other readers .
if we could n't get here , we 'd send our regards or someone else in our place .
in place of a warden , i was met with michael dumas .
* * * long before love , money and professional implosion had left me stranded in verona for 8 or so years , my travels had impressed upon me a single golden rule : if a local tender do nt serve you at least one drink , do nt bother telling anyone you were ever there in the first place .
nick took his place alongside his father .
arms like forgotten extremities , tonsils in place of elbows .
he slid the black tie out from underneath his collar and knotted in its place a length of red silk with white palm trees .
` ` it 's an amusement in its place , but yes , i have plans for casting my net wide again the far east , maybe , or the mayans , or the aboriginal australians ... '' ` ` or whatever else it is you 're always circling around . ''
` ` then ill have the thing that s in its place . ''
in my place , in my place , were lines i could n't have changed ... what 's this ?
in my place , in my place , were lines i could n't have changed ... what 's this ?
well the goddess inanna descended to the underworld and was resurrected , on condition she find someone to take her place .
so who took her place ?
brings him obediently into place .
in grocery stores , how do kids know when they get to the cereal department and you refuse to put their favorite sugar - saturated crispies in the basket that simply by dropping the jar of olives overboard , you will stop the cart and , while you are distracted and being embarrassed by the mess , will swiftly swoop one or more boxes of crispies in the basket ... where they belonged in the first place , dummy .
will we be successful substituting other things like stuffed animals , real animals , or books , cars or cash in its place ?
said he could see the new boy was taking his place , and he thought he d still be welcome over there next door .
history is fine in its place , which is nt here and now .
zeldas horsey substitute not only took my place in the cabin , drove the convertibles on saturday night , danced every dance with zelda , he eventually married my former damsel .
in its place was a privy , currently occupied by someone who was singing ' moon river ' at the top of his voice .
the voices faded , and others took their place , coming through the ventilation system .
` ` charity and good deeds are okay in their place , but you need balance , '' said thunderbags .
in his place was an all - purpose kitchen utensil .
in its place stood a green and pleasant bower full of gentians , edelweiss , and cold showers .
she had been driving up until then , but they switched places , and before he turned the car on , he said , ` ` why are you so against this ? ''
` ` you want me to tell him he 's fired and you 're taking his place ?
hire dumpster guy to take your place . ''
now some of you hawkeyed readers might be wondering , then how did he order the capsules in the first place ?
even on her fingers the leaves fell off , fluttering to the ground , while three long claws grew in their place .
in its place , the refreshing ocean breeze .
i held my place as wingman to all my pretty friends , but at least i was clean .
fortunately , the moabite king would soon put her in her place -- in a diaphanous garment , actually , in the harem quarters .
he ignored my remark , and served up one of his own in its place .
you know the play ; she persuades her husband to murder the king so he can take his place .
it was she leaned forward , anxious to hear who was responsible for my escape , who would take my punishment in my place .
in place of a warm homely demeanor some mothers had , their mothers face was worn with frown lines .
well defrost mum , call the undertaker like we should have done in the first place , and it ll all be over .
people either do nt care , or do nt believe it will really take place .
why did they dump all the flowers in your place ?
` ` there is something in place , i grant you , '' said dr . wacker .
ill want to retire in a few years and there s no one to take my place .
ten young people were kidnapped from random farms in lancaster county and sent to harvard while unsuspecting philosophy majors were left in his or her place , four years at a time .
` ` this revolution is a disaster , it took me years to put in place and train my marrulleros .
it was now time to put in place the new procedure for exports .
however , before we get bogged down with just one example , i think you may have to hear many others , and also listen to the reasons why i think we got into this mess in the first place .
patience son , this will all fall into place and many other aspects as well , when we journey back .
looking on the bright side , he knew one was never too far from stumbling into a lake of shit , and having a latent rescue in place was definitely a worthwhile investment .
this all fell into place for ir .
they should have never been together in the first place .
samantha yu now took her place .
my mother used to make a comfort food she called tuna macaroni salad , and one ingredient became so popular that it was often used in place of the term salad dressing in church cookbooks .
when george discovered his subordinate had beaten him to this ' in ' place , he insinuated himself into henry 's place , forcing henry to retreat to the low dresser next to the chest of drawers .
` ` if vlod finds out you left your post -- '' ` ` he 'll never know ; i left a cardboard cutout in my place .
but this inferior dairy butter insults me by burning , and your friend here , '' with this , bernard indicated darlene as though she were a freak in a circus side show , ` ` this espece dimbecile who claims to run an upscale establishment , has dared to purchase everyday sour cream in place of the imported crme fraiche i so clearly specified in my contract rider , mon dieux ! ''
except for paying an occasional dinner tab , checking under the hood , or dragging out the trash , why were they ever invented in the first place ?
then i shall take your head in its place , the armor creaked .
the original few he 'd seen earlier were winning the race , so this bunch merely imitated them , caught in their mammoth wake , a wake that outstripped the winners and ennobled the losers , awarding them poetry in place of speed .
the trail arced around to the other side of the picnic shelter , where the undergrowth had retaken much of its place .
mos ' places takin ' ten ta fifty down .
and she rode in the back ; then her mother , riding bravely on a long trip , going nowhere , disappeared from the driver 's seat , and caza had to climb over the seat to take the place .
but worse , infinitely worse , a huge lump of flesh just above his left nipple was missing , in its place a blood - filled crater .
i hope i have a better one tonight to take its place .
the last time he came he insisted on checking my bookshelf for evidence of satanism , which of course my mom said was ridiculous and would allow no such search to take place .
because later , kim said quickly in a voice that was gauged to be loud enough to regain randolphs attention without actually scolding him for letting it go in the first place .
i would also like to thank veda and tricey who talked me into joining in the first place .
marla recoiled , letting the fronds spring back into place .
none of which would have happened it the jerk narrow minded minister had just blessed the corn crop in the first place .
no doctor can cure drunkenness and no impersonator can take his place in a live address to the house .
in their place , she threw a bunch of unpaid bills toward him .
these new obsessions took the place of writing .
before the war , beirut was famed for the quality of its public transport , which has never recovered , and what stands in its place is a warning against the ugliness of unfettered private enterprise .
it was still nowhere to be seen , so instead i looked for signs of its effluent the junkies , the homeless , and the flotsam of society , who will never inherit the earth and have claimed bus and train stations in its place , but they too were nowhere to be found .
for every one you defeated there were ten more ready to take its place .
in their place came a deafening silence , a freezing silence .
her stern tone left avery no other choice , and she took her appointed place .
he definitely was nt a hangover type of guy and i m surprised he called to go out in the first place but he said the fresh air did him good .
he handed her the green cloth napkin that had been stretched across his lap and then watched , quite pleased , as she laid the new black napkin in its place .
` ` grandfather , would not approve of the types of people that we 're dealing with in this business or the revolting product we 're putting into the market place . ''
that 's why i bought the fucking suit in the first place . ''
no , he needed to die as a meteor would if it were alive in the first place : perhaps breaking up in the atmosphere , but eventually reaching the surface if it was big enough in the first place , which he hoped he was , and having the impact kill him .
just when you think it is all too good and the whatever begins to fall in place with the what the hell , something comes blasting out from way past the great something else altogether and puts you in a place on the bad side of disgrace .
i ve been a pitcher , so the pitchers listen to me or at least they nod their heads when i talk which sometimes means they re acting like they are listening to me , but are planning to go ahead and do whatever it was they wanted to do in the first place .
it is nt my place to prove things .
they stepped forward in place of anyone .
concrete had taken the place of grass beneath their steps .
technology has its place , but i fear that correcting peoples opinions would do more harm than good .
yes , he should nt have handed her over in the first place , but he d admitted that .
blinking through his tears and gasping for breath , harold put his three shells into the nearest three zombies , but five took their places .
harold suspected that , once the dust had settled , his eldest brother would have fun putting adonis in his place .
if you re looking for someone to blame , talk to the guy that tied it on the camper in the first place .
when the sun touched the tops of the trees to the west , the wedding party began to take its place under the instruction of the tomatos sister , who had burst out of the house shortly before , still wearing her cape .
it is just another one of the things , which i hate about myself and this is probably why i got into this beauty game in the first place .
i made that last bit up just to make a point as to how pissed off i am at wasting my time by coming here , when i should have gone up the road to their rivals instead in the first place .
i really need a cigarette right now , but here i am stuck in tree limbo and quickly wondering why i volunteered for all this in the first place .
i really ca nt be bothered to explain that it was nt me who rang them in the first place but quite frankly , i do nt need any more attention even from the likes of them listening to me speak .
saying that , so will we and i want to know who was being the megastar in my place ?
and i feel a bit sorry for him since he does nt know that this was all a sham to get me into the building in the first place .
i just want to get out of this bloody death trap before i kill someone , mainly my friend who set me up with jed in the first place .
and that s one of the reasons that i did nt pursue my singing career in the first place , seeing as i d have definitely turned into an right alcoholic before long in order to combat the stage fright .
he seems chatty enough and not worried about me taking carries place .
it took place on a skateboard that a work colleague had bought for his son as a present and no doubt , adrian thought he could still do something that he had not done since childhood .
i was just so glad that he was unharmed that i could not be mad at him , for it was surely my fault anyway for leaving the matches lying around in the first place and not watching what little charlie was getting up to .
we were instructed on the methods of pain relief that were available as in gas and air and epidurals etcetera , etcetera with separate demonstrations taking place of each including something called a tens machine which when attached to your skin on the relevant areas gives out an electric pulse to help block the signals .
umm i shook the memories of dateless years and dry spells so long i could practically be a monk from my mind with a swig of latte , but arranged marriage thoughts took their place .
the tiffanys elf looked disturbed and glided away , with laura quickly taking his place .
what i mean is that rock would nt have held its place if it had nt shifted , if the words did nt start to mean something .
it was like a puzzle piece popping into place .
in his place angelia jolie wore the silver skin suit of tomb raiders lara croft .
troy was embracing the surroundings of freedom , as he slowly continued down the alluring driveway , almost forgetting why it was that he sought baltazar and needed to complete the script in the first place .
chucks mind began racing with fabricated conclusions of what took place in the boiler room , while he was busy being served a grilled cheese sandwich from claire in loogies diner .
mercy said , i ' m assuming this has to do with who will take father john 's place as superior of your monastery .
would you say that you have taken in enough money to relieve the financial crunch that caused you to file the lawsuit in the first place ?
anyway , i thought it was a great idea and wished i had thought of it in the first place .
liz , i m not taking your place , just holding it for you .
what you believe in place of the faith of your fathers is a lie of satans to deceive you .
i never memorized it , because i am the man who wrote it in the first place .
my teacher was a pretty , single woman who easily took the place of a shared mother , and the year passed without event .
in the place of a fulltime church mission , i found myself agreeing to proselytizing efforts among the rank and file .
in its place was a body of inner light so profound that i knew that if i but willed it , i could separate from the earth and soar throughout the universe at any speed or to any corner of it that i desired !
then he would appreciate her for being patient with him while he learned to accept peace in the place of war .
a morning meditation followed by breathing exercises for one hour or so took the place of coffee and cigarette .
celluloid balls are exported to europe , and they take the place of those made of cork and rubber .
all around the world there will be a wave of young players that will take the place of the conservative players .
instead a soundless release , a collective , easy sigh emanated from the woody milieu , and in place of chaos there was tranquility , relief in the wake of a storm .
the dunes rolled east in the direction of promise , dirty and pocked with large stones , which might have fallen in place of snowflakes from the sky .
she left you in her place with your grandmother , who out of the selfish fear of losing you would bind you to red manor because your mother did not want the responsibility .
if i can give my mother a chance at being happy for even a few years then i am glad that i could have taken her place .
problems : after the death of her mother who was the main anchor for the family of five , naomi has slowly started to deteriorate mentally since all the pressure of taking her mothers place has finally caught up with her .
it was a little before seven , and the place was starting to fill with new clientele taking the place of those who had come for friday happy hour after work .
having expected darren to be put in his place and order restored , he positively trembled with indignation , disappointment and frustration , and emoting rather than thinking or calculating , and worst of all in a whiny , high - pitched tone that vibrated like a violin string with the hurt he felt , he said , i tried to stop him from getting out of the car , len , but he would nt listen to me .
he closed his eyes , not to sleep or dream , but to be miserable and think again of everything that fell into place after the secret pact had been made .
the shine left his eyes and in its place she saw a dullness , like a spiritual cataract .
but mary had no idea where to go looking for work and in the end it was tatum himself who found her a position , because he knew even he could nt put her out on the street with nowhere to go , and her just a child when shed come to him in the first place .
to make place for parking , the henhouse behind the old relais had been torn down .
so long had m. du praz been in place that it seemed certain he would never leave the village before his body , separated from his soul for eternity , would be carted off by m. pelletier , the undertaker .
to his surprise all six councillors , the mayor and the village clerk were already in place at the green baize table .
not quite like the ranch , but not a bit like l.a . she could take my place .
in place of the gym we could have ball fields , picnic areas , perhaps a swimming pool that would be clean and healthy for the children who are now swimming in the reeds and moss - filled pine lake , endangering their health in that pollution .
and that special milkshake stuff with additives in place of food .
at the frontenac game on tuesday he took his usual place .
in place of the mysterious was only chance , often harsh and always meaningless .
she got practical then , letting go of anger , useless as it was , and learning to fill herself with whatever she could pass along to her child in place of a welcome from society .
he hoped that next year the richards would follow suit and better students would take their place .
becky took their place , wearing a pair of work gloves to protect her hands as she pawed through the soil .
the scowl disappeared , and in its place a slight smile played across the corners of his mouth .
before that she had seen her episodically during visits her uncle arranged at the church , but with a frowning uncle edward monitoring their every word no real communications could take place .
that s easythe party i wanted to go to in the first place .
someone walked quietly into the room and must have awakened the sleeping nurse and the two people whispered a bit before the nurse left and the second person , a man , sat in her place .
samson had gone and in his place there was a creature with a voice that could be male or female but she had a womans touch , competent and tender all at once .
the problem is not how to rid myself of something in which i simply ca n't believe anymore , rather what to put in its place .
the service was simple and , in place of a eulogy , christopher and may stood on the step of the nave and staged an unrehearsed remember when ?
guess what name appeared on the agency , in place of johnson ?
and i started to remember clearly why i had left in the first place .
but the music returns , the strings waving , slight piano touches , creating a surface , a place for her to stand , for me to stand with her , in place of her , or maybe the other way round .
we had hardly put our lower jaws back in place as we rushed to the tree , as if there were an answer to the eternal question from shakespeare , to be or not to be ?
they remove the ankle shackles and in their place wind round soft padded fabric .
but as one thing fades , another takes its place : now i have medical appointment after medical appointment .
the three of them are clearing out the run - down cabins and building luxury ones in their place to attract a better clientele .
it was a battle or something , and they were firing cabbages in place of cannonballs .
a second globe took its place , coloured green .
in that case , if i ' m lying , why 'd you rescue me in the first place ?
her husband whom i did nt know all that well had needed a serious surgery , the 4th for cancer which kept popping up in different places , he d already lost part of his colon and one kidney .
save my place .
and , in its place , would be a new and unforgettable , unshakable knowledge of the shifting boundaries between life and its too often ignored , willfully forgotten complement .
and that has nothing to do with the surgery or the reason that they went in the first place .
something was gone and in its place was a flickering image of a frail screen door held open by a crutch and two sallow skinned , gaunt faced men pushing clumsily , noisily , laughingly through the door .
an hour later the shivering stops and torpidity takes its place .
most of that reifying takes place in bed in the dark as he digs at this or that itch .
true , i sort of took her place in lots of ways .
this all takes place in the womans fallopian tube , you see .
but i heard that i was in my new and permanent home , with a mother and father to take the place of the womb mother that gave me life .
i should have been more specific and said , fine by me , because i never wanted kids in the first place .
switch places with me , he said as budda went around the back of the car to get in the drivers seat .
you go with the others in my place .
maybe later , when his feelings would begin to fade and more pragmatic considerations would take their place , but not now .
jeff returned , taking her place .
it peaked at the first encounter and the strength of feelings then steadily decreased until icy indifference took their place .
he tries to focus his attention back onto the task of getting down in the first place .
emotionally , he was just taking amandas place .
i was nt positioned exactly on his back because he was sideways to me in the first place .
i was happy when this female moved right along but another soon took her place .
why had nt she cleaned this bathroom , or at least demanded that i do so in her place ?
england shalt do fine sans mine company , cobbs , but the gallows wilt latch two lobs in place of me .
therefore , the rules for engagement are already in place .
a wafer of sunlight dissolved the previous evenings fingerprints from the horizon , leaving only the daybreaks cerulean sheet in its place .
i stood up from the chair without any further direction , noticing that the principal suddenly appeared pale enough to take my place .
as roderick relayed the novels events , i imagined myself in place of the gallant knight .
maybe you ll soon say it in my place , i returned .
things are going as planned and everything is almost in place , continued friendly but tired sounding voice .
bingo , said david with a hesitant smile , looking downward again in order to demonstrate to his boss that he still understood his place .
it was a world that sounded to miles like some sort of neo - fascist utopia where the oligarchy would finally take its rightful place publicly as the ruling class , openly imposing its will on the country and the world for the good of all .
the costume fluttered just enough to make him look real ; i imagined ryan in his place .
in fact , he was the reason jen taught me how to put on makeup in the first place .
but several important psychological or interpersonal things took place , and joseph marveled at how curious they were , and how lucky he was to be here to witness these intimate workings of an executive officewithout having to suffer from any very significant attachment to the questions being discussed .
the digital numbers on the microwave clock glowed a cool and lifeless blue , immaculate in their place .
she did not know this new person who had taken his place .
the rain had stopped , leaving a damp chill in its place .
that he could take michael 's place ...
they waited for the familiar silver figure , caught mid - stride , to take its place .
tears stung my eyes and i rapidly blinked them away as i wondered why i had wanted to thank him in the first place .
in their places would rise the first five star hotel in the country .
: > the - city : the - town : and countryside ... villageand hamlet - token - credits taken the place of the buildings and roadways black and tan green and yellow fields and trees digitally - transferring ...
in place of our own ! # relief - effort ?
in place of proper food , ready - to eat - meal , dependent on : ' we can feed - ourselves .
the man no longer sat before him , but the statue once more sat in his place .
the brush was lifted and streaked across the sky , saying its final words before night took its place .
but the end will come when poetry will take its place at last if your faith does not manage the job on its own -- and faith can not .
either way , you must not rely on science in place of god and religion .
what he found in its place was the utter meaninglessness which deluca had alluded to .
it took place in a very large stockholm apartment , in one of those old five - story houses on strandvagen in ostermalm where each floor was a single residence .
he tried to hold on to this moment ( and so many other moments like it that came rushing to the rescue ) , tried to make it last and last and take the place of all other moments .
she makes a brave attempt to dispel the episode as some momentary aberration that probably did nt even take place , but she is too aware to succeed at this .
for what took place was that melissa , tathagatas mother , was being tried as a witch , and found guilty .
the rapture of heaven , once so promised , so awfully promised , was forever lost , but in its place , rising now to fill the blackness , surged instead a white - hot fury , blind and powerful .
and it also took the place of normal pastimes of girls her ageboys included .
but all that , of course , took place in a sham world .
and it spoke to her as if to comfort , as if to reassure , but none of thisobviouslywas taking place .
he had managed to prove that she was the one in need of treatment , and had in fact accomplished the exact opposite of why he wanted to tell her the truth in the first place .
not what she felt had happened , but what had indeed , actually , taken place .
so we must , somehow , prevent him from getting the order issued in the first place .
things fell into place for elsie .
she was afraid elsie might take over , bring the project home , succeed in her place .
it fell into place .
but , crazy or not , it had taken place .
i had taken place .
because it had taken place .
with it forced sterilizations were outlawed and a voluntary system was put in its place .
and then you wake up , groggy , wondering ( and not really knowing ) what actually took place .
sentinels shamed to know what takes place , wise to reach her here in the heart of cruelty and offer her the finer air .
and so harry discovered that he loved his friend with more than all of his heart , he loved him so much he would trade places with himno , not gladly , but he would , he realized , he would , if it came to that , just to see him happy , trade places with him .
and so harry discovered that he loved his friend with more than all of his heart , he loved him so much he would trade places with himno , not gladly , but he would , he realized , he would , if it came to that , just to see him happy , trade places with him .
harry , his tree sang again inside his head , which a voice that was no voice and still said in that no voice more than a voice could possibly say : i know you , it said , i know you harry , and i have known you for many years , and knowing you i am your friend and although this may be unexpected , to me as well as to you , it is nonetheless true , and you have nothing to worry about , you re not going crazy , you re not dreaming , for yes , this is indeed taking place .
yet , there , he straightened his spine , and shifted his legs just a little , there , it was almost like putting on a glove that fit nicely , slipping into place .
helena took her place , she was there almost every night as i strained my eyes to look at her face , to judge her expression as she wrapped her fingers around the steering wheel of her car , the dark green renault that she never finished paying for .
and maybe that s what they had been looking for when they left in the first place .
in their place , he saw love .
however it only took a split second for her to be reminded of why shed slammed it in the first place .
and yet , in place of this life of asceticism , the outlander had seemingly retreated to the attic of the house and metamorphosed into a kind of household peta squirrelly and eccentric old creature who excreted in litter boxes that had to be cleaned out thrice each day and who seemed to possess , besides his warped sense of humor , a staggering repertoire of peculiar , yet compulsive habits that seemed to manifest themselves at inconvenient times ( for example , when he happily presented the visiting o - bousan-34 with a scale model of the temple that he had constructed from dead skin residue that he d painstakingly scraped from the bottom of his feet everyday for the preceding 5 years .
the courts had undertaken an extensive process of examination , which was not limited simply to an investigation into the nature of the adoption itself , but also into the circumstances surrounding the discovery of the lost article ( the courts were careful to use the word lost in place of abandoned and the word article in place of child ) , as well as into those who played a part in entrusting said article to its caretakers ( which was used in place of the word parents ) .
the courts had undertaken an extensive process of examination , which was not limited simply to an investigation into the nature of the adoption itself , but also into the circumstances surrounding the discovery of the lost article ( the courts were careful to use the word lost in place of abandoned and the word article in place of child ) , as well as into those who played a part in entrusting said article to its caretakers ( which was used in place of the word parents ) .
the courts had undertaken an extensive process of examination , which was not limited simply to an investigation into the nature of the adoption itself , but also into the circumstances surrounding the discovery of the lost article ( the courts were careful to use the word lost in place of abandoned and the word article in place of child ) , as well as into those who played a part in entrusting said article to its caretakers ( which was used in place of the word parents ) .
the ministry serves to remind him how far he is to assert himself and what aspects of governance he must nt worry about and instead leave to the political machinery to be taken care ofpolitical machinery which has , no doubt , been in place as a consequence of ascension through lineage since time immemorial .
he started to sense that the initial pang of disappointment was starting to cool and in its place , he felt a mild sense of joy overtake him .
in place of a mattress , there was a tiny desk and a small wooden stool , both of which had books and papers strewn upon them , leaving no space to sit or write .
eventually the thought evaporated - a wave breaking into a trillion little pieces upon the welcoming shore - now gone , and in its place : nothing .
` ` miracles have their place , '' said the abbot .
and things refused to fall into place .
but her message obviously seems to take the place of normal consumption .
short term loans have already been negotiated , and new lines of credit are in place anticipating an end to this revenue shortfall at end of trial .
nothing like that would take place in a theravada monastery , where lay people are barely allowed .
once overturned , however , he , like derrida and foucault , put nothing in its place , but simply held that nothing means anything and that words can not be trusted .
the hajj take place during the 12th lunar month of the year , known as dhu al - hijja , and it involves a set and detailed sequence of rituals that are practiced over the span of several days .
but it was as if the boots and the shoes had traded places .
to this day i do nt know how much shuffling took place behind the scenes at the hotel pardenn that afternoon to make this room available to me , and on what amounts to absolutely no notice ; but i put it down to the amazing efficiency of the swiss , and to harriets long - term patronage of the hotel .
as i said , to this day i do nt know what took place , or how they did it .
all that adds up to harriet brown is gone , leaving nothing but legend in their place .
perhaps you should return in my place and do the singing .
do nt think the thought has not crossed my mind , well , not trading places with your specifically , but to do the telling .
but and its odd to think of it , considering everything that s happened to me since in those days i never could understand why the son left home in the first place .
the settlement is starting to fall into place .
the united nations will have to get its logistics in place .
they want to take their places .
all the pieces are falling into place .
to today i have not understood yet if the done shower '' to the scot '' both a healthy practice or an idiotic custom , but i / you / they are gone out of the shower rigid as a codfish from cell , with two grapes of grape to the place of the testicles and a prawn frozen in mean .
but even so , i could not please her ; and then i lost my place too , and that through no fault of mine but through changes in the office ; and then i did touch it ! ...
he suddenly grew a pair and started taking this host father thing seriously ; told me i could nt see him , and that was it , and all types of other bullshit ; and he said that in this house what he says goes , etc ; and i ended up crying in his arms , and he cried with me , but then again i was only crying because of him getting a hard on over this stuff in the first place ; duuuuude these people were okay with it , because they had no reason not to be okay with it until mom obsessively specified that the program says no boyfriends , and emphasyzed that she forbids it as well fuuuuuuuuuck honestly i hope i just never see her again ; my only releif is that i m away from her now ; although , if this happened back in the old country , i would have left home by now and not gave a fuck once and for all ; believe me allie : once and for fucking all .
she took the place of both grandmothers and grandfathers .
julia was startled and thought for a moment there was someone standing next to her was place she had taken .
someone will already be in your place .
the rest fell into place automatically .
as we were killed off , one at a time , other prisoners arrived to take our places .
i do nt think that anyone wants to take your place .
they need to bring aspiria back ; i will take her place if i must .
the bathroom was essentially a closeta curtain in place of a doorwith a toilet and a tiny standing shower .
they are all leaving behind a part of themselves with nothing to take its place .
the sun has set and a blue dusk taken the place of the day .
josh demonstrated his technique for wiggling under the car and then moved out of the way to let max take his place .
the entire first week of summer practices was eaten up by in - fighting as the court hierarchy fell into place again .
this was what matt meant when he said andrew put him in his place last year .
magda said forgetting her place for a moment .
however , it will not be your first born who takes your place .
he had also started to gather other zilva royals in the hope of finding an heir to rule in bris place .
i am not here to take his place , no , i am here to guide you in the right direction .
but seeing the plug in its place , she sighed with relief .
when davey tried to say something different than tell the old man his name the images in the mirror shook and sparkled , light and colour shimmered in their place .
@ ait is pointless , alonzo will find out soon enough what has taken place , it would be too dangerous to leave here whilst the shroud of darkness provides cover for the fiend .
whatever has happened to her can not be changed , it has taken place .
worn smooth by the passage of water over the ages , the rock did not provide enough purchase for so many men , some dragged their comrades back down and attempted to climb in their place only to find themselves being pulled back in turn .
awhat takes place here old man ?
ai have seen what takes place at this moment boy but i can not do more , to do so would be seeing into my future .
today that someone was me , but tomorrow it might be papi , who would take the money for himself and maybe banish sailor for going along with my plan in the first place .
she begins to doubt her memory ; it has always been untrustworthy , many times it has played tricks on her causing her to imagine all sorts of events which never took place .
i spot garrett shuffling up van buren , hands in his coat pockets , appearing and disappearing through the wells of the street lights , to take my place .
i step away from the counter and let her take my place .
there s nobody to take his place .
the only other items on stage are an easel with a blank canvas , a pallet , brush and an empty stool where , i conclude , claire will take her place once the talk is through .
the violet molding was anatomically perfect , except that it held a pile of violet ash in place of a tongue- this was probably more fitting .
the only article that could be said to be furniture was a small bed with ropes in place of springs .
surprisingly , the exchange took place almost as if it had not happened .
colling sat in a chair beside her bed for the next three days , leaving only for a few minutes at a time , and then only when helga took his place .
we are as likely as not to be turned back even by the czech authorities , and all crossings have in place russians as well .
when janek came to take his place as lookout , he shouted the question to him , and the young sailor grinned back and nodded his head .
the bitterness melted from his face and gentleness took its place as if he were gazing at a beloved pet or baby .
if i fight for zeus , i will win his favor and when he takes his place as leader of the gods , then you , i , epimetheus , and the humans will be protected . ''
you and epimetheus are supposed to make little people that look just like you to take your place once you die .
he watched as her eyeballs fell from her face and red irises grew in their place .
so vincent pulled raven from disharmonys way and suggested they go back over to the platform where they had wanted to be in the first place .
i tell you , doctor , when he has finished his achievements he will take his place with washington , jefferson , lincoln and fdr as one of our greatest presidents .
the clouds turned from gold to brilliant magenta , and now appeared ashen as the last glimmer of sunlight withdrew leaving in its place a deep cobalt blue .
matthew was a capable man , but his mother had been running the estate all of his life and had decided it was time for him to marry so she could train his wife to eventually take her place as mistress of the estate .
it seemed like a stroke of luck , but then she worried about what would happen if she came upon the person who normally used the secret passageway in the first place .
but in actuality , ammons son died , and as his soul left his body , ammons soul stepped in to his sons place .
then again , it was n't quite winter yet and blankets together with his sleeping bag would do in place of a fire , for a while .
its my place !
it only seems fair that you should have it ; you 're probably the one who indirectly prompted it in the first place .
in place of the tight cowl - like wimple , they each wore a headband and veil that covered most of their hair and extended to the middle of their backs .
mary breathed a brief hard sigh that had to take the place of tears , though crying was what she felt like doing .
maybe i m supposed to take her place .
aunt louise took the place of my mother .
i was afraid i d say something in anger that i d regret , and asked the more diplomatic and levelheaded jack to speak in my place .
seeing her writing a letter to her clone - daughter who would have to take her place .
you re taking my place .
the janitor comment would n't have been out of place from any of my finance professors , academics who saw labor either in abstract terms or as expendable inputs which could be cast aside if projected revenues failed to materialize .
that is a miniseries waiting for the actors to show up and take their places .
if something happens to the king , the junior heir takes his place on the council , whether the heir is thirty yet or not .
she understood that a formal message had been sent out to the people of topaz that the young commander of the kingdoms army had been shot and killed on duty in reh , but as reasonably quiet talk about naming someone to take commander alexanders place and getting his body shipped back to diachona was being dolefully exchanged among some councilmen and other military officers , constance was in a wakeful sort of stupor over all of it .
i will take his place in ggnian .
secanbearn took her place at his side , seated on a low bench , more pillow than furniture .
beorn sat in his place at the great stone gate of the community , protected by high wrought - iron fencing .
in that verdict we took our places together .
my proud self - absorption fell away to reveal only confusion , and nothing more than a void , like a tomb , rushed into its place .
am i not to blame , not impaled in her place , giving my life to preserve my bride ?
i wish the thirteen - year - old version of allison were here in place of this sulking thing .
the old bus was painted gray and all the bench seats were removed ; in their place were racks for the band instruments that mr . luck loaned to his students .
i wish you would have come to us in the first place .
but karen had met and brought in a new girl , jackie , who easily took her place .
stopping the thing with william was the right thing to do , never mind she should never have gotten started with him in the first place .
secondly , the cold grey of dawn was over and in its place was a soft kaleidoscope of early morning colours .
her mind drifted back and forth as she thought hard about all the details of their meeting and wondered if maybe it was a mistake to even talk to him in the first place .
she finally focused her thoughts away from dan and on her room and the reason she had come up here in the first place .
grabbing an after dinner mint , she headed back to her room and was not only delighted to see the note missing from the bed but in its place was a beautiful gold necklace with a large ruby red pendant .
i am writing you as kaylee but i still see you as kate , the love of my life , and now you have taken her place and have taken her place in my heart .
she knew deep in her heart that this wonderful man was devastated by his loss and looked at her as the fulfillment of that dream , but also knew that even though she looked like her great - grandmother katherine she could nt take the place of his one true love and she knew she had to convince him of that .
chapter 45 the explanation kaylees biggest challenge was explaining to dan what was going to take place the following day and hope that he was agreeable with the circumstances .
headquarters wanted to know what accounting procedures would be in place to prevent comingling of funds .
at some point over the summer , cat had torn down her posters of high - pitched male pop singers and in their place had taped up pictures of joan benoit samuelson , the famous runner pre and several modern american athletes .
skip moved out the door and we walked down the hall , it was nt my place to say goodbye to harry so i did nt .
the arapaho are her people and , in time , shell take her place in the village .
well , get up here in the wagon and take my place .
worse off , there is no training module in place of whatsoever nature , to ensure a semblance of sanity to the human resource management .
when love and intimacy will happen , complementing would automatically fall in place and when complementarities will happen , gender conflict will be dissolved for good .
hand them their severance pay , wave good - bye , and wait for the next bum to stroll in , take his place , and start the big charade all over again .
she felt glad to be back with her mother , yet sad her mother had left in the first place , and annoyed the months following their reunion would play out in connies house .
so it is that with a difference of some three hours prep to the professional our amateur takes his place centre stage .
in its place was something more frightening than peter had experienced thus far , pure malice .
in her place was a broken soul who wore a tortured mask for a face ; deathly pale and full of sorrow .
what he did was low ; he did nt deny that , but what maggie believed had taken place was much worse .
raelene can take my place and well just watch .
after all , it was my fault he got bashed up in the first place .
in its place maggie felt a determination so fierce it took her breath away .
instead , we all went to bed and pretended it had never been put away in the first place .
in place of his mothers normal radiance , he found her head hung in dejection as she remained just inside the back door .
and so , to pavkos utter surprise , in place of their dreams of freedom , a new dream began to take shape : nostalgia .
this time she put him in his place but stus blood boiled .
then dane nodded and resumed his place at the top of the coach .
then geoff said he could nt play and suggested i took his place .
all bound up in despair and fury hating her and hating yourself remember the arguing fighting screaming remember breaking glass you say why do you have to be like this what 's wrong with you naomi why wo n't you let me in and she shouting back you do n't care you do n't give a shit about my feelings you only care when it affects you you say that 's not true naomi you know it is n't i love you she says you do n't you 're selfish why do you treat me like this you say you do n't know what she 's talking about and she begins to cry furious tears she says that she wishes she were dead you tell her not to be dramatic she says she wishes everyone were dead you tell her to get a hold of herself she says fuck you vanessa just go away leave me alone and you do you slam the door behind you go down the stairs and out into the street and by the time you ' ve reached the corner the anger is gone and you 're afraid you think of the scars on her arm old scars i was confused once she says and now i have you i ' m all better i promise but you 're afraid and you walk back walk slow at first and then faster and then running running up the stairs and back through the door and she is standing there her face streaked with tears and her golden hair in a tangle and her eyes red and she cries why did you leave me and you take her in your arms i ' m sorry i ' m sorry and you ca n't even remember what you were ever fighting about in the first place and you shut the door behind and go in with her .
she steps around dc 's heavy wooden desk her fingers trailing on the cool smooth surface of the wood her feet dragging across the coarse carpet and then there she is standing over his chair and sitting and now she is in the place of the great writer sitting in the ghost of the artist her self in his place and she can feel the energy of it thrumming along her bones .
this was the moment when all the pieces fell into place .
gradually i was able to distinguish the shape of two sixes which stood in its place ; these , however , were not red sixes but pale grey , gothic - style sixes , streaked as if carved on granite .
to his horror , when the plate with the number sixteen fell off , it revealed the old number that had stood in its place heaven knows when : the number sixty six .
the woman pursed her lips together , stuck her tongue out and blew in place of a descriptive adjective for the wine .
he looked at the woman behind the bar , but she was nt there , in her place stood a young woman with dark skin and freckles .
he had a gift for primality , a word that ricardo coined when accidentally using it in place of brutality , but it fit manuel to a tee .
take my place , i have to piss .
six car bodies were quickly lifted into the first truck which then moved away , and another moved into its place .
my arse , said the taller youth , while behind doras back the shorter had quickly substituted a palmed replica in the place of the authentic medal .
maybe the boxs original contents had been removed for safe - keeping and the stone put in its place .
to others , the appearance of a rough but common looking stone in its place is to make my wife believe that someone in my unworthy family may have taken the original genuine contents .
she needed the money so she allowed the transaction to take place .
once the anger subsided , pet thanked god that this had nt taken place the day before .
he could not think lady bertram quite equal to supply his place with them ; but , in mrs . norris 's watchful attention , and in edmund 's judgment , he had confidence .
chapter 4 lady bertram was soon astonished to find how well they did without sir thomas , how well edmund could supply his place in carving , settling with the servants , and saving her from all possible exertion .
the place of all places , the envied seat , was vacant .
mr . crawford 's business had been to declare himself the lover of fanny , make decided proposals for her , and ask the blessing of the uncle , who seemed to stand in the place of her parents ; and he had done it all so well , so properly , that sir thomas was happy to give the details of their conversation .
he returned to his former place , and went on .
if tenderness could be ever supposed wanting , good breeding supplied its place ; and as to the little irritations of aunt norris , they were trifling , compared with the ceaseless tumult of her present home .
but it was possible to part with her , because susan remained to supply her place .
and it seemed that the more idiots they banned , the more good people would come in their place , until winnie no longer had to throw anyone out and that part of the daily routine lapsed back into legend and memory .
he only went home two days a week when sharon would take his place with her son .
remaining in her place in her pew was standing up to a god who would pick and choose among people emily must have been insisting should be valued as equals .
having to put herself in the place of someone of such absolute and pure principal would have been impossible for laura if she did not have the guidance and sympathy of arthur and laura lee as they met and comforted emily .
the most difficult thing for sharon was to explain to the foster families who had expected to come that summer that their places had been taken by refugees .
when eugene was finally formally dressed , it was the polished shoes on his feet that tom had watched his mother slip in place that seemed to him was the strangest thing about what they had just done .
the fractured vertebra would be removed and in its place they would insert a titanium cage .
i do nt know whether to be angry with them for leaving me here or guilty they had to bring me in the first place .
she could nt quite remember how they ended up together in the first place .
from there would erupt a devastating aftershock of loss at having allowed ones sense of optimism and wonder to die away and having allowed , in its place , a general attitude of cynicism to take shape , causing ones moral fiber to fester .
if he was nt there to get his hands dirty , who would be there in his place ?
perplexed by his reaction ( or rather his lack thereof ) , the young prince began to wonder if the reason he had been entrusted to deal with the rats in the first place was because of his natural talent for empathizing with such lesser species .
well soon have that cruel tyrant deposed and our leader in his place , the general said matter - of - factly to dr . narciss .
in fact , he misunderstood the professors meaning completely , taking his words to imply that it was time for rat man miyazaki to assume his place as the benevolent ruler over all mankind .
naturally , the contradiction here was formidable , but , all the same , was not without rational merit : conceivably , buckys affable peculiarity may not have been so off - putting to others , if he had nt , along with it , completely abandoned the rigors of yamian politeness , and adopted , in their place , a blunter , more outspoken manner of expressing himself .
at parties , especially when he was drinking heavily , as he had taken to doing upon resurfacing from his hiatus , bhakti had become an absolute terror to the finer sensibilities of some , for unable to resist the urge to spout off about one thing or another , he would corner some poor unsuspecting sap who did nt see him approaching from behind , would lean in really closethereby invading his victims space cushionand would unleash with his toxic , brandy - infused breath the full weight of his musings , opinions , and strange speculations , eliciting polite grimaces and uncomfortable nods of affirmation from his tense captives who helplessly repeated these thoughtless and mechanical gestures of empathy until the boozy blowhard finally found himself stuck in mid - sentence , attempting to remember where he had been going in the first place with this tirade he had just unleashed upon them .
and in their place is this face cast over him , this face no more intricate or nuanced than that of the bronze statue over yonder .
in their place came the melodic crooning of a solitary bird close by .
he only assumed that this was natural , for this was why so many detainees at his previous prison had scoffed at his own attempts to escape : they could nt understand why he d wanted to leave in the first place .
she looked away , perhaps reading my silence as indifference , and then she said what she had meant to say in the first place : ` ` we ' ve met before . ''
with a blink , my hand was back in place but down the road i saw a micro - man , a tiny imp , made of flame and smoke walking towards me .
i hope that the people who find the heads , keep them though , or maybe that they decide to put something else that they made in its place .
the head is gone , and there is a small smooth stone in its place .
and we laugh together at our stupid joke and the man from the theatre smiles and explains that he will be unable to attend the performance tonight , and asks if i could take the stage in his place , and buoyed by our camaraderie , i agree without question .
over time though , that obsession , that anguish and heart burn subsided and in its place grew a deep love and respect that stayed with him forever , like old loves or friends .
too much had taken place in between .
in his room , everything was in its place : posters of chris evert , farrah fawcett , led zeppelin and the who lined the tacky lime green walls .
the kaffirs will stay in their place .
and just for the record , i would gladly trade places with you , sarah .
they spent lingering evenings watching the royal african sun disappear while the stars of the southern hemisphere stealthily took their places .
its as if she s taken susans place .
she has taken upon her the responsibility of every bit of future planning as she feels , as shiv has taken care of her in his place , it shall be her turn to do it all for him , when he shall be in her place .
she has taken upon her the responsibility of every bit of future planning as she feels , as shiv has taken care of her in his place , it shall be her turn to do it all for him , when he shall be in her place .
in place of the oak leaves , don juans crest was emblazoned with lightning bolts to represent sinister radio waves , and a microphone substituted for the eyeless helmet .
there s a girl taking smittys place .
each time a rider managed to snare a ring , another one slid down to take its place .
you can substitute hamburger , veal or boiled chicken in place of the turkey .
he had sought the rabbi out for spiritual solace and , in its place , came away with a metaphysical boot in the ass .
in its place boiled red - hot shame .
the frantic pace of the shower is gone and in its place is the steady beat of a grief - filled love song .
she in no way concealed that the business at present was going fairly poorly ; and if she was able to give herself a free evening she shut her hated work in the dresser drawer and in place took one of her beloved books in hand , or she took herself to her pen and wrote a little story or some meaningful thoughts on paper .
i promise you , i m not here to take the place of your mom .
no one could ever take the place of my sister .
i could see him smiling on the inside , though , soaking up his dads words to take the place of at least one of the hurts he d carried from his youth .
in their place were rocks and caverns and darkness .
that was perfectly true and min recalled the croissants she had pounced on when she saw them in a local bakery but had gagged on when she tasted the meat fat in place of butter .
after all a quasi - religious commitment can take place anywhere surely ?
everything else will fall in place .
the lividness vanished from her face instantly , and in its place came an unfamiliar strain of disbelief .
whose mantra was undeniablyno mantras , period , end of discussion the two of them often jokingly wondered how they even fell in love in the first place , he of the rather be - an - hour - early - instead - of - a - minute - late - breed and she preferring late grand entrances over timely arrivals .
the campaign infrastructure is already in place .
nothing takes the place of a mothers womb .
ill hang out while you get yours and then well switch places when you are done .
i was certainly aware that emma was nt a big dog in the bed person , but i was hoping i could ignore it long enough for her to get used to the idea and acquiesce to jellys place in the bed .
the jury foreman continues to read , in light of mitigating circumstances the penalty of death is here - by waived and in its place a sentence of not less than ninety - nine years in the state penitentiary .
most who do it would happily trade places with you .
so , the next time these two people come together there are no compliments , no loving actions , and there is nothing being put forth as positiverather , in the place of these are the beginnings of hatred , fears that are the beginnings of destruction .
in its place was a haggard , weary look that made his face look a hundred years old .
the pain receded , and in its place came a glazed and lifeless look .
anger suddenly took the place of tears , as my face twisted into a nasty grimace .
may i hope that you will let me take his place ?
he would not easily get anyone else to fill my place .
when he took his place at lunch , grandcourt said , deronda , miss harleth tells me you were not introduced to her at leubronn ?
he is not going to take my place .
and you will either fill your place properly or you will go to the devil .
she was filling mrs . glashers place : how could she be the person to reproach him ?
but the room was furnished and cheap , and joanna had sent me pictures that seemed passable , so i mailed off my check and took the place .
the decision to take the place had been rash , but i hoped we would get along alright , at least for the eight months it would take for a room in joannas place to open up .
her manner made it clear she expected him to hold his place as well .
what existed in place of these organs and body parts was a tangle of over two dozen surgical clamps hanging like a belly dancers belt of ornaments ( i thought of that comparison the minute i raised the blanketno doubt some perverse self - defense mechanism ) from the void of what used to be his waist .
i had spoken all that was in me and there was nothing left in its place but a painless weight , sinking low into the pit of my stomach .
at last the mad ringing in my ears stopped , leaving nothing behind in its place .
the rip in the snare drum got gradually bigger , and he had to use the smallest tom in its place .
with these arrangements in place , theo felt that things were back on track .
i m telling you , with god as my witness , that your father would have done anything to go in her place .
he asked if he could go in her place , nearly grovelled , but he paused , rubbed at his face , bit his tongue and took a moment before continuing your mother was stubborn .
when she got invited to see him at graduation a couple years later , in place of his dead mother and some of his drug buddies that probably would nt show up anyway , her fat ass almost had a heart attack .
but knowing him , there s a plan in place .
only when nicolas insisted on speaking out of place , by repeating his statement yet one more time , did he receive a response from his beloved father .
in their place he was told where to begin his journey and which way to go .
in place of actual kindness , nicolas felt that the breeze had meant for him to be a bit more honest .
in place of finding out , arjuna had discovered a good grip .
in place of actually beaming , he again sought the grass for some serious mental help .
in place of looking up , nicolas followed its grisly running shadow .
in place of dropping in , the ball rested on the cup comfortably .
because his new policies were not in place , the baby was the result of a moonlight walk and some man - made intoxicants .
niklas , please take your place at the podium .
the sun traded places with the moon as the light left the sky .
it was tiring , trying to make a boy take the place of the man she lost .
out came the strap , three times across the back ( the boy preferred the buttocks , where marks were concealed ) administered in place of a lecture , almost ritualistically as sterling leaned across the pommel horse , that most detestable apparatus , whose sole raison dtre at vegas was to offer support during whippings .
each could play all three instruments and they would sometimes trade places in the middle of a set , or even in the middle of a song , sort of their signature idiocy ; sterling suspected , however , there was some degree of specialization .
how , she wondered could she get the message that it was not receiving a signal unless it was receiving her signal in the first place .
that s fine , counsel , return to your places , he said before sterling could advance further .
the students leave macs office and sterling takes their place .
only gradually did it occur to her that he must be taking the coach out in place of david .
her smile had faded slowly as her eyes had opened , as if the sticky sleepy film which gummed her eyes was a mask which immobilised her entire face , and in place of the victory was disappointment , the dismayed expression with which she greeted each six oclock dream .
in the social contract of humans , those born to society without any say in the matter but who would hardly choose the alternative , the main rule of existence is to produce for society or perish even if the titanic of global world commerce is crashing not against an iceberg but all of nature , and a natural corrective will take place .
the fact that these generals have now imposed martial law and curtailed freedom of assembly and expression is undeniable ; but then so is the fact that only in this suspension of democracy can extremists be demilitarized and the constitution amended , if there still is a constitution , so that there is no longer unqualified suffrage in a system without a mechanism for winnowing probity and merit of political candidates long before any voting takes place -- -only the allure of the rich , powerful and comely , or easily bought impressions by those endowed with greater money than good looks managing to procure seats of power in siam .
so , finally the coach switched places with wally carpenter the first baseman !
i was nt able to edit him out completely , only partially , before he had taken his place , before he inserted himself .
since london and paris had already agreed to the idea of a transfer of the disputed territory in mid - september , the munich conference mostly comprised discussions in one day of talks on technical questions about how the transfer of the sudetenland would take place , and featured the relatively minor concessions from hitler that the transfer would take place over a ten day period in october , overseen by an international commission , and germany would wait until hungarian and polish claims were settled .
this often left younger , less well - trained officers in their places ; for example , in 1941 , seventy - five percent of red army officers had held their posts for less than one year .
he explained that since further emigration of european jews had been prohibited by the authorities , another possible solution of the problem has now taken the place of emigration , i.e .
` ` everything in its place , '' not an exclamation but a requirement ; not an expectation , but a demand - ` ` there s a place for everything , '' he was fond of asserting , ` ` everything fits . ''
it was music that brought ready tears to her eyes , eyes that melody closed tightly to the monotonous reality around her , wishing upon wish that the violin could take the place of her five senses , for its hopeful reality was far and away more pleasant than hers .
many times i listen to these cds simply to remind myself that all of it did in fact take place , that it was nt a dream .
daer , necroliusmade me put it over a candle , and then it was gone , and the flame was in its place ... . mr . conor did nt say anything in response .
stacked fully , the carts would roll off over the dock as new ones came up behind them to take their place .
still got that little bottle in my coat pocket , so there s still a plan in place , even if its only mine .
in place of eight million germans who once inhabited the region there are now eight million poles .
flattered to think his presence was required in britain he asked churchill whether he would help him send someone in his place if he did not go to egypt .
race did nt answer , but as he watched me retract the remaining weapon , the anger in his expression drained away and a sort of understanding took its place .
you can get them to do what you want by convincing them that it was their idea in the first place .
she went to get the bread out of the cupboard and found an empty bag in its place .
willow thought it was ben 's place to respond , and of course he had n't .
it is doubly unequal because you have an incompetent person taking the place of a competent person .
if someone he trusted convinced him that his close friend was planning to take his place .
one was that he d finally achieved everything he set out to do when he took his fathers place , but he was coming to realize that he d given up something important along the way .
if i stepped out of line i was promptly put in place by harsh words or a quick fist .
she was thinking of the withered flesh on brubacher 's left wrist , in place of a hand .
he breezed past the hostess station , at which , in place of a human hostess , hung a sign that said welcome to dennys !
but now , cloaked impenetrably in nonexistence , all these wanderings , more like tours or jaunts or excursions , took place under a green canopy of concealment ; so far from returning to my shitty little room and then returning to the outside both out of the irreversible conviction that escape was impossible , i breezed in and out again purposefully out of a sense of duty lightly carried , duty to my evil scheme to get even with ned now on the very brink of implementation .
~***~ fifty miles west of the oklahoma state line , daddy pulled over and switched places with momma , letting her drive .
two men in black shirts were scuffling with a small crowd of girls , but as soon as they d pull one out of the fray , another one took her place .
he refused to participate in the coup that deposed dominances father so she could take his place .
as it was , the band accompanied custer out west , a fiddle tucked beneath the chin in place of a rifle butt .
in the candy store , there were now asians in place of the old jewish couple who had kept the store open from 6 am till midnight .
was he offering to take ediths place in her life ?
in its place stands a testament , not just of brick and mortar , but also of beliefs , both forming a crucible that withstood a tempest of fire and blood .
two days later everything was in place .
there 's no table in the kitchen but sitting in its place is a small water pump and a coil of two - inch rubber hose .
i ' m wondering if the real bobby ray hammer died soon after birth , and they adopted me to take his place .
it may be tough on you and me and curt before i can find someone to take his place , but we 'll make it .
oh , lots of programs are educational for sure , on tv , he d said , you know i reckon it d go well in that corner of the lounge room , that is if you re sure you want it in the first place .
he could nt tell who d been in his place .
praise given to greenbacks seemed to pay off for the 123 men and 12 woman dedicated to procuring lofty levels of greed in place of sound business ethics and spirituality - based morals .
my son is taking this place .
when i come back again someones taken my place .
ganesh looked across the counter into the bar mirror , half expecting to see an elephant head in place of the top half of his reflection .
jep strolled around the car to switch places with his hired hand .
having switched places again with his mechanic , jep piddled along , waiting for kate to catch up .
it was the scariest damned thing i 'd ever seen , and just then i would n't have traded places with any of those ladies , no matter what guarantees i had about the promised land .
one of woodrow 's duties as a church deacon was to alert the preacher if the competition broke early and attempted to usurp the mission 's place at the head of the line .
as squad leader of the first squad of the first platoon , dan stepped in front of the platoon to take his place .
scuttlebutt has it that he and wishingham are changing places in a week or so .
they left a scattering of small vietnamese villages on the right behind and came into heavy green jungle growth in their place .
so in her place sat peter , discussing football with some of the other fifth formers .
* * * * * chapter 4 - lent term 1968 as usual mr barnes took his place by the front entrance to the school .
in his place , moved up a year to fill the gap was jonathan .
the 35 - inch flat screen tv and the accompanying surround sound system was his ; dave brought up his old 27 - inch tv from storage and put in the apartment in its place .
once daves electrolytes were restored , he switched places with sarah after he fetched a towel and wiped up the pool of sweat that had accumulated under him .
one of his classes was in first place in the newsday stock market challenge , his basketball team sprinted out to a 5 - 2 record , and haleys squad was an improved 5 - 3 .
east wembley committed a turnover and matt ran down the court and took his place on the left wing .
you wan na switch places ?
but what he hated even more was the thought that someone would try to take his place and claim reyna for his own .
they were in no hurry , marching six wide up the ramp , which was two lanes wide and skirted on the sides with 12 gauge sheet metal in place of guard rails .
hands on his hips and surveying the collection of people in the front parlor , the sadness ezekiel had carried for most of the day was now hidden away deep in his chest cavity , and in its place welled a sensation he recognized like an old friend , something close to joy .
creaky dollar - store stools took the place of chairs .
the food arrived in place of an awkward silence .
in the place of my anger was a craving for cigarette and an itch for a strong drink .
this cynical view is traded by philosophers who substitute no better paradigm in its place but rely on outdated metaphysics and language to delve into the meaning of reality .
so many things had to be in place .
i m not saying he has to take the place of your dad , but he s important to me , and he s important to grandma .
` ` as soon as i started thinking hard about the search of milford 's house it sort of fell into place .
more pieces started to fall into place , he had sprung a trap and fell right into it and his time was limited .
i have returned from the grave to rightfully take my place as the ruler of this world .
no problem , boss , she answered , as grey , there being no way he could return to his paperwork now with all this going on , planted himself down at an empty desk in the office , to wait until his sergeant had something to tell him , those working there attempting to continue their tasks without reference to his brooding presence ; before he instead opted for the smaller room next door , where a monitor would let him watch the interview take place .
i think they should be able to have everybody in place by then ?
` ` you 're taking letitia 's place ? ''
sometimes , sidekicks needed to be put in their place .
cullens brother , simon , took his place and stood to greet visitors with his wife , libba , beside him .
lang and schoenberg are in place , sergeant .
if falcone did escape the draft , who went in his place ?
excuse me , he said to the man who had now taken the place of the young woman behind the bar .
maybe if he kills me , four more volunteers will take my place .
and rollo , my old fat friend ... you ve enjoyed the families protection in the past ... now its time to take back the control ... time to take the place that was intended for us to take ... we will be strong we will be proud we will be in charge again ... . as they set around the table exchanging stares and quick words , the room oscillated with smoke and whispers ... old age style , old country ethics , an era almost left behind by times march , and now a new fervor arose amongst the ancient connections ...
the cool water refreshed him as he slowly swam towards the other end ... he was again thinking of the water ... only this time it was a smooth clear lake in wisconsin ... the fish there would almost jump into your boat ... some day he would go back ... some day when this was all over and the new arrangement were in place ... until then he had to be content to imagine ...
the fact was she not only chose to go with politics , she lead her husband in that direction in the first place with help from her old friend and she did it without jonathan even knowing she had an ambition she wanted a position of power without all the public responsibility it was something she had learned from her mentor he would say that invisible power is the best kind and that the world wo nt know you re powerful if you use your power carefully .
the man who flew in bowmans place threatened her with such repercussions .
i just hope i can get something about baumann from the colony before you need my people in place , and that in itself will be a delicate exercise , because we agreed to leave it as close to the deadline as possible .
it would possibly explain why baumann has never been found and someone from the colony took his place on the flight to cologne , to make sure his wife kept quiet to avoid a manhunt , or at least move it to germany .
when eva roberts had heard parrishs confession from renton , she said it had all dropped into place for her .
suddenly grateful , i gave silent thanks for these people , even though i would n't have traded places with any of them .
the young woman had a nice voice and i could picture elma singing in her place , except that she made two of elma .
someone else will have to take your place in death then .
there was no shortage of volunteers and the contest took place as tyana had suggested .
pieces suddenly fell into place .
` ` let 's switch places and i 'll show you how it should be done . ''
as often happens new memories take the place of the old but they are never erased , only buried deeper in the mind waiting to be pulled out .
when ridiculous thoughts took the place of reasonable ones , i decided to accept my fate .
the world forms again and the face is gone , the commissioner stands in his place .
the phone rang twice more before the call display disappeared and the voice recorder app took its place .
mr . bedeman recovered nicely and agreed mr . southby had the right to place miss carey in place as his proxy .
when did he suddenly ask you to take his place settling amelias personal effects ?
then one of our software reps got sick and they desperately needed someone to take his place out here .
in her place i would have hesitated to answer .
her marriage took place in that same church , in 1933 .
if you had not the gut to break up , you should nt have started it in the first place .
in its place were grimness and anxiety .
in its place was a statue of the most hideous creature i had ever seen .
what took place in my life for the past two weeks were still hardly believable .
several of the people on my side requested the chilled soup in place of the salad .
she crept downstairs , cursing herself for not removing the pictures from the hiding place she had stuffed them in after her caper at prestons .
i suppose that fits into its place . '
the rain of the previous night had ended , and a meaner , colder wind had taken its place .
he s willing to charge lefty with only third degree manslaughter provided lefty will testify why he was in the hotel in the first place .
was i ever daddy 's little girl or only a changeling usurping the place of a true daughter ?
unfortunately , our record halfway through the season was 2 - 11 and we were mired in last place in the suburban conference .
if they have to work , well try to find someone to take their place .
everything fell into place for father sean .
the hostages were release and five new hostages took their place .
yes , they called the police when the new neighbor put up a basketball hoop and yes , they called 911 when someone parked a kia on their block , but too many of them were losing their homes because they never should have bought them in the first place .
listeners seemed to like it when she put johnny in his place , which she tried to do as little as possible .
to celebrate the good times ( for him ) , he had used the financial windfall to tear down the modest original barn , built on the site at the same time as the house , and constructed in its place a grand new one that was state - of - the - art .
inside , the tables that held the trains had been taken down , and in their place stood rows of cots , each cot having sheets , a pillow , and a thin blanket folded on top .
the ever - compounding daily issues were indeed in place but this was lifelong dream .
his place bloodless face displayed a look of shock from the realization of witnessing his own demise and becoming planted in gods garden .
like killing at a suicide camp , some things just fell in place far too easily .
it all just fell into place .
the man responsible for my death had turned , or been turned , back on the one who had started the whole process in the first place .
all of it taking place as he slept -- hopefully sleptunaware that the man skulking from the adulterous shadows was the same man who had a hundred times before wished him sweet dreams .
he already has most of the permits and approvals in place .
shed have probably done it in the first place but needed an okay to lay out money for refurbishment on a property .
a very childish tug - of - war took place then , of which casper - the - pain - in - my - ass - ghost came out the winner .
romano was dead but there were others that took his place .
docs van was gone , and in its place was a dark pickup truck , not unlike the one that carted away daisys fleeing assailant .
taking its place behind docs van , the pickup truck followed dutifully , and the two vehicles left the parking lot of the soundings .
tennis academies took the place of public schools making it difficult to develop lasting friendships .
gone was the shy demure young lady and in her place was someone obviously used to getting her way .
and the murder took place this afternoon ?
and if he d sent victoria in his place i d have spotted her too .
then one day shell look at him and wonder why she fell in love with him in the first place .
there will be a drug exchange taking place on stage in the final act .
discovery takes places after you re arraigned .
he then made a deal with another bully to have his back , only to find out those two were in cahoots in the first place .
then my mind put that puzzle piece in its place .
as usual , not much blood , thought nick as he became so entranced in what was taking place that the smell became a non - issue .
brock let out a deep breath before he continued , ca nt say i d trade places with them .
was she normally like that , or was everything in its place ?
murdoch quickly put him in his place .
he left after a year and his friend took his place , that s michael and he brought his friend , the other alan , to join him a while later .
in place of the suit was a cardigan and slippers and in place of the smart offices tobin was shown to a corner of the living room .
in place of the suit was a cardigan and slippers and in place of the smart offices tobin was shown to a corner of the living room .
daddys possibly pulling out so she s lost what little interest she had in the first place .
the gentlemanly sport of cricket had finally given way to commerce and the much debated shopping centre had taken its place .
well , i do nt know that i agree with you on that point , but i d be happy to listen while dr . gallo tells me what he wants to take the place of koch 's postulates , because we have to have some criteria , mr . crawley .
katlin willsey took laura begleys place as the gnn news anchor on saturday mornings .
do you know who will take mr . messick 's place ?
campbell takes his place at the lectern .
i ' ve reprogrammed the computer , honed it to the needs of the lumber mill , i ' m good at my job and no one could take my place .
i leaned forward to take the list from her and as she leaned forward to do the same , her necklace slipped out of her blouse and just as quickly the last piece of the puzzle slipped into place .
but obviously , little physhyr was more than happy to take her place .
in his place was a heavyset , foreign looking man staring back at me .
he never raised his head to look about him and showered on automatic pilot , scarcely aware of his movements , ritual taking the place of conscious action .
in its place remained a silent and barren cavern , the machinery sold off to other canneries or as scrap metal , the workers gone , the great doors locked and barred .
one minute steve had been looking into plif for no apparent reason , expecting it to have a lot of paperwork in place , and wondering why they had nt restored the hall already , and the next minute they were meant to invent a community strategy for the town off the tops of their heads .
they had mixed up plif with another , more organised organisation which had actually got itself into a position to apply for funding by having all the requisite policies , procedures , office - bearers in place and by knowing exactly which boxes to tick on which official forms and which impossible deadlines they had to meet .
in place of his customary , handsome smile was an ugly twist .
just like i said in the first place . ''
in its place , a heather gray , fitted suit , pale blue silk blouse and low pumps .
sarah took her place .
but mr . titmouse clearly understood that he overstepped his place , and he nodded in sage understanding , his cowering , twitching form brought back into servant submission .
her cool facade had been stripped of its noble ruse and a frantic , worried countenance had taken its place .
they have back - ups in place .
when two of them were knocked out a year later , along with three other bottom teeth , i got the bottoms pulled and had dentures put in their place .
` ` come on , there are dozens lined up to take my place . ''
i suppose i had visions of wassermann in his role as cab driver using this way of stealing the turner in place of his coveted rembrandt .
that sunday , mondragn got a call from chlo austin , squealing about lilys visit , and what she thought took place .
well , be sure to put it back in its place after you re done , meredith said , waving her hand as she closed the door .
its all falling into place .
robert felt the puzzle pieces falling in place and wanted to quickly get away .
but still , she should never have taken my bear in the first place .
she felt everything falling in place .
instead , he d raged at the doctors for diagnosing her in the first place and refused to give them a dime more .
more took their place within seconds .
` ` do you know who took your place that day ? ''
` ` you 're right , and there 's always more scum ready to float to the surface to take their place , but certain information has some into our hands that makes us believe we are victims of a cult that has set itself up in agrippina to kidnap dozens of our women for some unknown purpose . ''
every grower in the valley wants his place .
i thought if there was anything at all i could have done to swap places with her at that moment then i would have chosen it .
i guess i should nt have given it to her in the first place .
the new mercedes lester drove sat in its place , recently waxed but unmoved .
but some of his alibis fall into place too conveniently , almost planned , and something about duclos makes me uncomfortable .
sometimes the days in the hospital and those in england seemed to merge , then suddenly he would be back once again in his room in san diego , joy and surprise momentarily leaping inside that everything in between had been a bad dream - before the shapes and shadows in the room slowly fell into place .
most took place in the fields by the old house or at the hospital , though one had been at the house in san diego , at night with the pool lights on , mist rising from the warm water .
put the lowly gendarme in his place , make sure he did n't cause any waves .
this is nt supposed to be happening , sara thinks , but she does nt know how to get out of his dream , any more than she knows how she got into it in the first place .
probably a lot like what i ve been thinking , maybe with a little less of the angry and scared and a little more of the oh , poor sara in its place .
stuart , what i ca nt figure out is how he got them into the room in the first place .
even up to the nineties it was possible to distinguish between a 3 or 5 or 7 series unlike today when you have literally to go up to the car and read it on the actual vehicle but only if they ve bothered to put it there in the first place .
the salad was edible , but it had been devoid of avocado , shredded colby had taken the place of the roquefort cheese , and the only dressing they had was prepackaged pouches of ranch .
after sweeping out the ash , another body could be interned in its place .
she beats you arm wrestling and you take her place gathering roots and hauling water .
if angel wins , hancock and angel switch places for the rest of the trip .
a new bootlegger took billys place , and soon he was pretty much forgotten .
anyway , it was used by the astronomer in predicting eclipses and we were going to use a stone in its place , because she thought something more durable would be ' better ' and would last through the lives of hundreds of astronomers , not just a few .
he rented doug macdonald 's place from the start of april to the end of september .
you can take his place .
once outside the crowd seemed to take its places .
a bright green stone sat in the place of the dragons eye .
my wife was preparing to go in her place .
belles not taking lilys place .
only my daughter , tabitha , and i knew she would be taking tabithas place in that particular illusion .
in his place was jolly ol saint nick .
i m sure allen would be happy to take your place .
bloated bluebottle flies swarmed the hillside in a touch - and - go pattern ; making most of the searchers wonder how they d missed it in the first place .
stranger rape took place in dark corners and alleys , rapists did nt abduct you .
gone were the sharp lines and angles , the stress lines around eyes and mouth , and in their place , the beauty and wonder of a woman who knew exactly who and what she was and was completely at ease with that fact .
the cold , measured tone of a person more than ready to do as she said took its place .
in his place sat pure man .
if i d known you were planning on branding me two minutes after i left of your bed , i never would have warmed it in the first place .
in its place was a soul - deep fatigue and the renewed urge to leave this town that brought her joy and pain in equal measures .
i should nt put anything in that old freezer in the first place .
that s why i came in here in the first place .
everything is in place , no that s not right , everyone is in place .
whoever is in place must have something to do with all of this .
she s been our trophy for a couple days , but i d happily take her down and put you in her place .
soon another vamp plus guest ( s ) will take our place .
clad in black all over , with boots i kind of want to try on , shiny leather with silver buckles all over the place that are so hot i think damon would fall over if i ever wore anything like them .
do you have a problem with putting out of hand customers in their place ?
some of the customers need to be put in their place .
lampposts , street signs , and vendors took the place of the lush trees , flowering bushes , and endless land i grew up with .
branden trades places with damon a few times .
when david only managed to get jacob , he sent another in his place like they sent marlena in yours so your family left the grounds believing that they had jacob .
yes , but i do nt think that it would be wise to try to contact your family if marlena and whomever took your sons place is with them , they will hear your voice and even if you do nt convince your family that it is you on the telephone , she will still have my children or those other vampires which they captured killed as punishment .
i heard one say that they could use the excuse of taking andrews place to help with the record keeping to throw off any type of suspicion .
although i m relieved we have a plan in place , his returning to his land fills me with fear .
i have a plan , but need to know if it is possible if damian apparates to take jacobs place if there is something that we can do to make his energy appear as the image of jacob .
go quickly so he can take your place .
if i stay calm and see where this change may lead , maybe i can keep him talking long enough for everything to fall into place .
moving to take cecils place , she jumps out .
i do know , but what i do nt know is how you and andrew traded places ?
please allow me to take her place , the place where i should be anyway .
i can see that you are willing to take her place freely and openly despite what you fear and what you will lose .
andrew is called away regarding an urgent patient matter and i seize the opportunity to put the last piece of the puzzle in place with jeff .
he d put that woman in her place when he returned .
if that was the case , then why did nt she just kill mary in the first place ?
susan removed a plate from the wall and hung the picture in its place .
by the way , did she just use a bleep in place of a curse word ?
` ` i ' m not sure you should ' ve closed it in the first place . ''
everything else will fall in place . ''
she had to watch her language since she taught elementary school kids and to help curb her bad mouth she resorted to using acronyms , a g - rated version of the word or a made up word in place of the swear word .
sebastian and i switched places , i went into the kitchen and he checked out the bedroom .
his place was quickly taken by three frat boys , who all thought they were giving don juan a run for his money : whatchya doing after work ? , you wan na show us around vegas ?
the boat was developed when the small gasoline engines became available to run workboats in place of sail power .
the old man had taken sheila 's place on the couch .
kemp stood with his back to pickett , masking the man who 'd taken kemp 's place in the armchair .
it was the mask she wore in place of the paints and powders of synthetic youth .
i suppose , by the first week of next month , everything will be in place .
in case he informs his superior in place of chris and the kidnappers get alerted , sarah may be in danger .
were not just picking up the cardboard packaging , were getting people to question whether they need to buy the fucking product in the first place .
doug bites his thumbnail , spits it on the ground , then turns and strides back across the yard towards the cavernous football - field sized warehouse , open on one side , where the sorting and baling take place .
every time someone is lifted up and escortedor draggedover to the police bus on addison street , someone else takes their place .
every time someone was led away , someone else took their place .
* * * sorentos was on main street in marlboro , having taken the place of other italian restaurants that had tried and failed in the past .
on that day , i was feeling a little trapped at the table ( and a lot cold ) and very annoyed with claire for putting me there in the first place .
aaron had pouted a little bit over being relegated to the position of villain of the piece in all of my condolence notes when it was my suggestion that he take lesley out for the dinner in the first place , but he got over it .
i really should not have to walk her through things like that , but the fact that she does not seem to process things that way is likely why she had come to fetch me in the first place .
how often do you see someone standing in the best mans place crying over the bride ? )
leaving the still aghast looking ( and still feebly protesting ) woman in her wake , ashley retook her place on the stairs .
but the young american conductor who had replaced himshe had been in place for a little over year and a half nowtook a very different approach , focusing almost entirely on new american music .
anyone who might have resented the fact that he would be taking ms . stenkes place for the last two concerts .
the speeches at the reception the other night seemed emphatic enough on the point that stenke would resume her place at the head of the orchestra next year .
some peopleeven some members of the orchestracouldnt get over the fact that hauptmann had retired and loreen had taken his place .
lets switch places and you work on the business aspect and ill take on mary .
the young man who had brewed her tea was n't there anymore , but a new young man had taken his place , fussing over the billy can and seeming to be looking forward to a hot drink .
but the stage was still in place .
with the superintendent supervising , the two groups swapped places .
besides , the race to take her place had been fought and won ; an election had taken place in the local labour party and a new candidate had been elected , in plenty of time before the next election .
it took quite a while to do this , since he seldom finished a sentence without inserting another in parenthesis first , and often another within that , until some how his sentences were long paragraphs , constructed like a set of russian nesting dolls , with parts within other parts within other parts , and until he finished the exact meaning of the original could not be deduced , assuming the listener could translate it into something resembling english in the first place .
in the first place , he d let the youth go free , and he knew how bannim would have felt about that , even if the event did happen before bannim had arrived as superintendent .
i ' m rushing out to dinner in the residence , conscripted to take the place of a guest who is indisposed .
in its place , she felt only a resigned sense of despair and anger .
sam cooke and i would get inside the suspects house , liberate the gold from its hiding place and howard greene would keep watch outside .
the only difference was that here a door marked administrator took the place of a nurses desk .
and the real thing would nt be missed because his or her place would be taken by a talking , smiling , walking replica .
entertainment is like a drug , it can be fine in its place and in small doses , but it can leave you craving more .
his puce complexion regained some of its usually fresh colour as he put llewellyn in his place , but it drained away again as he gazed at the dead girl .
some questions had been answered only to find another crop springing up in their place .
sandals in place of the hiking shoes ?
i wonder , he said , if i could trouble you to let me wash my hands in your place .
in place of his usually genial manner , a more serious expression was etched upon his face .
if i did she would have gone on and on about why she had left him in the first place .
the bruises on the wrists , the way the stool lay perfectly next to the feet of the victim , and the half empty bottle of anti - depressants , which he later found were never prescribed to the victim in the first place .
kara pressed her eyelids and coached herself to breathe , in place of counting sheep .
the dashing and handsome johnny took my place .
turner in its place .
the pieces of the night snapped into place .
mindy would have conniptions when i told her how brazen brianna had been to actually show up on my date , although i did blame mindy for telling brianna we had a date in the first place .
it had been all i could do to convince annabelle to come over in the first place .
she left out the part about brad 's jealous rage and about the reason she 'd wanted to get away in the first place .
i could well have climbed them and let possibilities and skylines take the place of what lay behind me .
i felt guilty exhaling in his place , and as for the occasional male fart - well , you get the idea .
the teams already in place , except for a legal assistant .
this i d expected , given my last encounter with dickhead when i d taken off on him , leaving blow - up betty in my place .
the mattress and the mice were gone , and in their place was a good quality four - poster bed and matching dresser .
and where a beautiful pearl should be , i have this annoying , scratchy , ugly bit of sand in its place .
but if worse came to worse steve could probable talk his mom into letting him sleep in the garage , that was , of course , if she let him keep the dog in the first place .
i had nt really been looking forward to going inside the house with the guys in the first place , now they wanted me to go in solo .
it took place at dinner time , he argued .
pat began to feel drowsy as he thought over the events of the past two days : hiring demey to take the place of his former servant ; the telephone call yesterday from franklin ; and finally coming back to his own home and finding a stranger living there , a stranger his aunt molly had rented part of his house to .
miss toner answered that ad , met with my aunt , and took the place , believing she 'd be sharing it with another woman -- one named pat .
` ` some of the egyptian pharaohs , when their eldest daughter came of age , used to discard their wives and replace them with the daughter who took the wife 's place , not only next to him on the throne , but in his bed as well . ''
she took the place in good faith .
` ` the rent was so reasonable , we got so many responses i was fairly worn out talking to people , dissuading them from taking the place , until i received a call from her .
his lordship had kindly offered me a place if i ever left mr . horne , and i came here to ask if he still wanted me .
in their place was a mass of bloody pulp .
she could nt think of anything to say that shed want to hear in his place .
since i d bought the cabin , three of the residents had gone on through the veil , but three others arrived to take their place .
the other phone emitted a dial tone in place of jacks voice .
i will keep my place , and see what i can find out about this bucky person .
a headless ghost is using a dolls head in place of his own head .
the poker danced in the air , then slid smoothly back into place with the gold - crowned log hooks and hearth brooms .
i pulled trucker back , but miss molly took his place .
your place , i said to my other brother .
i could nt even get myself to answer her , and then the pain was gone as if it never came on in the first place .
want to trade place ?
` ` it 's what takes the place these days of a brand on the trophy wife 's ass . ''
suppose one of the servants hatches a plot to steal the painting and leave a substitute in its place .
they both gave their condolences and quickly switched places .
a piece was just put into place .
and nobody ever took her place ?
this man wants to take popes place on death row ?
i m just taking the place of a killer on death row .
the summer kids now took the place of the school year boarders .
gone was the revolutionary and in its place was the old sage , turning on the young initiates .
he shook his head and looked down at the riv and the hard times cafe and knew in his heart that nobody would believe him if he tried to tell them in the first place .
in the parlance of spycraft it was like saying , a defector in place .
why else would you hold onto a piece of key evidence that did nt belong to you in the first place ?
there was a large poster on the side of the wall , jumble sale , neston village hall , saturday , 11 am ( this had been crossed out and 12 noon scribbled in its place ) tea and refreshments , admission 20p .
barbara walked briskly towards it , taking in the fact that canal barge trips took place from here .
and its taking place tomorrow in danemouth .
hilda changed places with her with alacrity .
when everyone is in place , i d like to meet them all as soon as possible .
could n't come , so one of my other girls wanted to take her place , and .
mark said rather stiffly that he was no longer a jailer , as he was leaving , and colonel forster would be taking his place .
adams still off sick , but this time they ve found someone to take his place .
there was the new agent to take the place of clare , and he said to isaac , leanne will make him feel better maybe .
you see , she was supposed to have taken a pillow from our room , then put another pillow back in its place .
a woman our age with no husband likes to have a man available to take her places .
and as for a man available to take her places ?
maggie drove down tree - lined peachtree road , past the old sears parking lot , noting that everyone she knew still referred to the intersection that way even though there was a towering , glittering office building in place of the sears parking lot and had been for some years now .
i will rip his entrails from his body and make him eat them in front you re pissed off because he took your game a step further by selling my family a fake kid in place of nicole and you did nt think to do it .
why the hell did you set the burglar alarm in the first place ?
but despite the many witnesses that had been present there was no general agreement about exactly what had taken place .
ascending the stairs , she noticed the wood paneling was missing , and in its place cheery wallpaper hung .
embarrassment quickly took its place , on her face and she dropped her head , as the crowd once again closed in .
` ` it took place stepping to the edge of the top step ` ` right down there . ''
angry , loud , male voices riveted her brain , holding her suspended in place , with the mighty tongue - lashing taking place .
storming in here the minute you re down , to take over the place . ''
the only person she had nt had to put back into their place was jim , whom shed not seen , since mike kissed her .
shed been put in her place .
a cat was lazing on the roof in the fading sunlight , and dainty lace curtains took the place of nets behind the squared window panes .
gone was the care and concern he had always displayed , and in their place was cold calculation , determination to overpower her will with his own .
she jogged in place instead .
clues to finding the staff of moses , a key to unlock the hiding place of the books of understanding , and the most important clue about where to find the tree of life were waiting in the book of the archangels .
we tried to figure out how the movie came into being in the first place .
nahan put her back in her place : you wrote that down too .
` ` except that three or four fbi gunmen may drop on us in place of the money . ''
a ski cap had obscured her auburn hair , and rather severe glasses had taken the place of her contact lenses , which she was now wearing .
further , the supervision would be done by the reliance detective agency and the visitation would take place as the fathers work schedule and the availability of the monitor .
please try to find another expression in place of hysteria .
chapter 54- the new normal it was well into january before all the pieces fell into place .
maybe that big guy who spoke last at the service will want to come in and take his place .
he entertained a final thought on the subject before putting an end to his speculation and getting busy doing the job they paid him to do in the first place .
he had been one of the very few old friends who had stuck by vince through thick and thin , and although vince most commonly regarded him with an ill - concealed mixture of contempt and impatience , vince knew that he was not so blessed with alternative advocates queuing up to take his place that he felt able to prize off this particular limpet once and for all .
this has all , already , been put in place .
i was still having a difficult time understanding or even processing what just took place at the memorial service .
carmen moved me into her place for the next few weeks .
well , of course i did nt for a long time , but a bunch of coincidences fell into place all at once .
in its place was a huge , ragged red crater .
you would do well to mind your place .
gone was the merry dane and in his place was a very serious and worried prince .
knowing his place , gareth skirted the inside wall while hywel and rhun strode to where the two royal brothers spoke .
its time you took your proper place as a prince of wales .
well we got here in less than twenty minutes , however it took another two hours to get significant forces in place as we had to call the surrounding regions .
so of course i kick off i know my rights , this is nt iraq and they just nod and go oh , she s hysterical and then the police turn up and i m thinking , should nt you have stopped me in the first place , if you were doing your job properly ?
she ejected the second tape and thrust the third into the walkman in its place .
what kind of life could she have , taking second place to addiction , and at such an early age ?
do you want to take adam 's place ? ''
and how would you have known it was nt all at the bank in the first place ?
you still have to pay up , or we take the place .
the two took in as much of the breathtaking scenery as they could , switching places as driver along the way , giving the other moments for drinking iced mango drinks .
tis the final conflict , let each stand in his place .
as his mothers green eyes floated before him , another face appeared and took the place of his mothers .
well hold your place .
in her place was another woman .
you are going to take his place .
she would grow to be a tall and beautiful woman , and eventually take her place as the luminatus , but until then , she went to school and played with her puppies and had a fairly wonderful time as she waited for her daddy to come get her .
and if brittany finds out i ' m taking her to new york for dinner and a play just so you can attend this party in her place , she 'll be looking for blood .
` ` we have a new prime minister in place in spite of wentworth keeping our last one alive .
in place of bardaric 's face , an image appeared of a brick building that went from standing to having one - fourth of it fall as though an earthquake had struck .
hope was taking the place of fear .
his weathered look had been earned in the big house when he took his twin brother 's place in prison after his sibling was conned by a drug lord .
not after he 'd taken jamie 's place at the trial , spent two years in this hellhole , convinced everyone from attorneys to jurors to this warden he was jamie for one reason .
i 'll get the product in place as promised .
two years ago , jamie had researched everyone he could on marseaux 's payroll while nathan took his place during the trial what jamie had lacked in street sense he 'd made up for with amazing research and computer skills that led to an interesting tidbit on this warthog .
her knuckles turned white from the pressure of keeping them in place .
` ` i left the military to ... take his place . ''
so now you 're saying he took his brother 's place in prison , did two years ? ''
and in the end , the angeli will emerge from secrecy to take their place as the rulers . ''
you 'll have all night to pay penance while the rest of the plan falls into place . ''
we 'll have someone to take his place shortly . ''
that means he 's gone , but we do n't know who is taking his place . ''
not unless you want your pecker and asshole to change places after the game , that is .
what was left in its place was pitiful , and even now , even after all she knew , wendy 's instincts told her that he simply could not be the monster that he so obviously was .
the air of exhaustion was gone , and in its place was a dreadful intensity .
my stomach was growling inelegantly at one o'clock when the library aide came to the children 's room to take my place .
it gave me the willies when i put jack 's face on the passenger , pictured it actually taking place .
he wondered for a second if he had intentionally let jill make it to the stairway in the first place .
the file was put in its place , the lights were turned off , and the clerks quickly forgot things related to work .
had it been a proper motion hearing , judge atlee would have quickly put her in her place , but he wisely ignored the impropriety .
suddenly , booker sistrunk rose , and in his booming baritone said , ` ` your honor , i ' m not sure what 's appropriate at this time , but i would like to suggest that my client , lettie lang , be appointed as the substitute executor to take the place of mr . amburgh .
technically , anyone could be named to take the place of russell amburgh : any sane person over the age of eighteen .
my role is to simply vouch for the fact that this will be an accurate recording of what takes place here .
she left out why she had been looking out the window in the first place , for example .
either way , i know you got shane alworth to take your brother 's place .
pieces started to fall into place .
if berleand lied , everything else fell into place .
henry ... you 'll have to go full - time and take malin 's place as assistant editor .
` ` you mean we should ... '' nieminen had already decided that niedermann had to be got rid of , but he knew that it would be a bad idea to frighten off waltari before they were in place .
` ` i ' m still in shock that erika is gone and you want me to take her place .
i ' ve even thought that he could take my place one day . ''
vinge ( wahlstromandwidstrand , 1988 ) ; secret forces by jan ottosson and lars magnusson ( tiden , 1991 ) ; power struggle for sapo by erik magnusson ( corona , 1989 ) ; an assignment by carl lidbom ( wahlstromandwidstrand , 1990 ) ; and - somewhat surprisingly - an agent in place by thomas whiteside ( ballantine , 1966 ) , which dealt with the wennerstrom affair .
you could have switched places at any time .
in its place hung a rope from a hook , right above a stool that was usually in the kitchen .
in its place is an exchange between bjorck and teleborian , which has bjorck instructing teleborian to falsify a mental examination . ''
as long as his finger was in place the gun could not be fired .
that same year the knicks went from last place in the eastern conference to second place a twenty - game swing - around .
the homely man and the gorgeous woman switch places ?
he wished that he could take michael 's place , that it was he rather then michael who had to bear this great burden .
the picture of bill whitherson faded away ... and a photograph of bradley jenkins appeared in its place .
and why did he put his ear against the door in the first place ?
` ` the man who 's taken del packard 's place at winthrop sporting is living in norvel whitbread 's old apartment .
and all the pieces began to fall into place .
they think their manhood is tied up in keeping blacks , and women for that matter , in their place . ''
then the groomsman , cousin matthew , took his place , and tootsie did her long walk .
i was n't at all surprised it had fallen into place , since almost everyone in the party was old enough to have played a role in a score of weddings and been a major participant in a daunting number .
what if lou o'shea abducted summer dawn to take her place ?
tamsin was n't the one who was dead , her biographer had died in her place .
as the rage ebbed away , the pain seeped in to take its place .
` ` she had to run in her place to the toilet and t.l .
they did n't think about people trying to pay their rent , not finding pardon in his place .
and she 'd taken my place as the highest - ranking student in marshall 's class .
janet moved away and becca took her place , lifting and cocking her leg slowly so everyone could see what she meant to do .
he said frantically , and then marshall shoved him aside and took his place .
only as i reached the confined space of my car did i dare let an idiotic grin fall into place .
` ` is everybody in place ? ''
` ` why did he all of a sudden decide to run in the first place ? ''
in her place , two men with nypd windbreakers rolled out a black body bag on a stretcher .
all the pieces of the puzzle fell into place .
i ' m planning another house to take its place , a small cabin . ''
the pieces of the puzzle would not fall into place .
and the pieces of the puzzle fell into place .
given that henrik is ill and ca n't in the short term fulfil his obligations on the millennium board , it 's my responsibility to take his place . ''
she had gone out to hedeby island and tried to talk to henrik , but she was gone before any conversation could take place .
they fell silent for a while as blomkvist thought about what atrocities must have taken place there for a quarter of a century .
` ` when the last bits are in place , the programme is integrated with his internet browser .
` ` like coffee bars in place of espresso bars ? ''
pat and zorra immediately took her place .
sally li , his assistant and close friend , had taken his place .
olivia murray of northways , virginia , took her place . ''
the succession act is still in place , and the commission intended on following it as closely as possible . ''
and in her place was a younger woman , a girl really , with a different name , a girl on the verge of adulthood but still so very much a girl : this happened when i was seventeen .
` ` that did not take place in our county . ''
they were suspicious of me already - i still remember sheriff lowell 's skeptical face - and if i admitted it later , the police would wonder why i lied in the first place .
his heart protested the very thought of another man using anything in his place .
he gestured toward the tray on the nightstand holding someone 's room service they 'd grabbed off the cart they 'd passed earlier - dropping a few dollars in its place .
and once in place , sarhatt would not be able to oppose the two agents except by spurning the collaborators who helped the fbi find its holy grail : a surefire case against the boston mafia .
the drug theme was reiterated by ` ` c-4 , '' as well as by other underworld sources , and by early 1984 the pieces were falling into place for a joint investigation into bulger 's drug activities .
foley convinced him that a criminal merger had taken place and power had shifted to bulger 's gang .
in less than a few hours , we ' ve switched places .
his amber irises hold me in a trap , and i forget why i bombarded through in the first place .
her cold eyes puncture me , filled more with malice than anything else , and it takes me a moment to remember what i was even doing in the first place .
in the past , my rule was in place to keep my professional integrity intact .
she had fought so hard to keep her anxiety at bay , but it was like the mythical hydra - every time she thought she had cut down one of her insecurities , two more rose to take its place .
so i went in his place .
in its place is an open , smiling woman .
someone told her there were two boxes to pick up and she volunteered us to go in her place . ''
after a moment , she announced , ` ` hands are now back in place .
she might have also pictured herself in the place of the her**ne , and reese in the place of the hero .
she might have also pictured herself in the place of the her**ne , and reese in the place of the hero .
no way in hell was she disappointing her kids twice in two days , especially since this whole dinosaur thing had been his idea in the first place .
in its place was a grim , disapproving smile .
i really wanted to text or call her , but i knew that was n't my place .
and when that happens , then everything else will fall in place . ''
i did n't want him using someone else to take my place .
the entire morning had been tainted by remembering why he had fled in the first place .
she 'd watched over me in my childhood , taking the place of my mother after my father abandoned me , and i always thought of her as a marble pillar , standing strong against any force of nature .
the harshness that i have grown accustomed to seeing mar his beautifully handsome face is gone , and in its place is pure affection .
poof , and in its place is a complete stranger .
all traces of the chocolate color are gone , and in their place is the hunger he feels for me .
i can see the anger fade , and in its place is confusion , which just as quickly turns to hurt .
he almost looks mad that he ever let it appear in the first place .
gone is his normal flamboyant garb , and in its place is a perfectly tailored black suit .
unfortunately , that still leaves the unsettled debt , but he 's willing to take the fact that you so kindly sacrificed one of your own in place of a monetary payment .
before she could take another bite , i took her fork from her hand and moved her plate out of the way , placing the box i 'd had tucked into my jacket in its place .
i was n't thinking about our past when his hand slid underneath my bra , and i was n't thinking about our future when his mouth took its place ; i was n't even thinking about the present - i was living the present .
holding my face as firmly as one could and still be considered gently , his mouth left mine , his eyes taking their place .
lowering the helmet , she handed it back to him , but not before she lifted a brow at me and settled a victorious smile in its place .
his infamous smirk fell into place immediately .
` ` i suppose that dumb smile on your face should have given that away , '' i said , sliding my hand into place .
i felt his smile on my neck before his tongue took its place .
` ` lucy larson puts jack - a - s - s - e - s in their place day . ''
in one seamless move , jude 's mouth took the place of his fingers .
he untied the scarf covering my mouth right before his lips took its place .
it 's been sucked from the car and in its place is this empty , hopeless feeling .
peter 's hands slip into place and we start .
he jogged in place and earned a few approving glances from a pair of girls strolling by .
legs turned jelly , breathing ragged and burning , vision blurring , desperation in place of blood , confusion in place of oxygen , that kind of running .
legs turned jelly , breathing ragged and burning , vision blurring , desperation in place of blood , confusion in place of oxygen , that kind of running .
so much clicks into place now .
anyway , better for you to work solo since you 'll be taking over the place someday . ''
owen is there and he takes my place .
the old door to my apartment is gone , and in its place is a solid , dark wood one with an enormous platinum handle .
there 're a handful of women who would take her place .
mr . gibbs explains how the last doctor left to practice family medicine in arizona and how doc z is taking his place .
` ` if i could take his place , i 'd do it in a heartbeat .
garrett was n't supposed to take her place .
hadley and garrett had made it clear that she was welcome in their place for as long as she wanted .
he stepped away as connor took his place .
you amaze me with your strength , ellery , because i do n't know if i could have made it through if i was in your place . ''
she had everything in its place .
is that why i went in to write to them in the first place ?
in its place was logan kash hendricks .
` ` well , i do n't come out here so you 'll take my place .
but i did n't think that was a need - to - know , and it was n't tyler 's place to tell you . ''
they think that you 're playing brodie - and me - to secure your place . ''
after being in business for five years , their operation expanded and they now had a huge team in place as well as gaining another co - owner , casey .
i want , we want , jamieson to take their place . ''
i ' m taking casey 's place . ''
so he took casey 's place thinking that was the only way he could keep himself away from you , and he thinks he needs to do that to protect you .
travis sat down in his place .
luka stepped from behind me , another armed man quickly taking his place , and dropped the papers in seth 's lap .
a small smile lifted into place .
a smile moved into place .
damn that smile that had slipped into place before i 'd caught it ... ` ` what are you doing calling me this late ? ''
i swallow a lump in my throat , but another one just forms in its place .
` ` ... i ' m just kind of nervous about being back in l.a . '' dahlia gets that oh - i - see look and shoves eric 's feet to the side and sits down next to me in place of them .
he 's dressed much in the same way victor is except that in place of victor 's button - up shirt , fredrik sports a plain tight white tee that clings to his lean , masculine form .
he thinks he 's taking your place in the order .
seems we were made for each other , like two puzzle pieces that at first do n't appear to fit , but eventually fall into place when looked at in the most unlikely of angles .
i knew she 'd take my place as consummate daughter , ready to say yes to my mother the moment i shut the door .
` ` she should n't have asked him to have sex in the first place ! ''
i was seconds away from suggesting a road trip to find his father and put the bastard in his place .
i 'd thought that if i could just get over the pain , then everything else would fall back into place .
not even for a second because the moment i did , i was reminded why i 'd built them in the first place .
i doubt she was even planning on paying my way through art school in the first place . ''
` ` and his place would be ? ''
next time jesse could n't pick me up and garth black showed up in his place , i was hitching a ride back to willow springs .
they locked on me almost immediately , and his smile moved into place .
they had to go out of their way to make a room for me ... '' and then something i really did n't want to click into place did .
a slow smile fell into place .
something that could stand in place of a casket or an urn .
but standing at my father 's funeral , where a whiskey cap stood in his place , alone and with no one to take my hand before i even knew i wanted it held , felt like a curse .
josie 's nervous wobble was gone , but something close to frantic had taken its place .
it was that flash of fire over what had transpired for her to leave her sweater at colt 's in the first place .
remy 's been gone for a while and all she wants to do is push rule to take his place .
he has it in his head that we should ride up there together and wo n't leave me alone about it so i turned my phone off because he 's making me crazy and i do n't even want to go in the first place . ''
i think i would hold rule to buying me a new one since he was the reason i had tossed it against the wall in the first place .
` ` i should n't have gone in the first place .
if you think i ' m scared of what your dad or anyone else can do to me if it means protecting her than you 're in for a shock and even if you manage to get me out of the way there is a whole group of people out there ready to take my place .
- it 's so sad you guys even have to worry about that in the first place .
it was more important to me that she recognize that she should have never pushed him on me when i told her i was in love with someone else in the first place .
` ` the present giving can take place in the bedroom i assume . ''
luckily , the girl jet had been living with went bat - shit crazy , and dumped all of his stuff on the lawn while he was on his last tour , not mention she found someone else to take his place when she got lonely .
she was back to being all smoke and shadow , and the ayden i was getting to know , the one i was pretty sure i was falling in love with , was gone , and in her place was this girl who was looking at me like we were merely strangers .
but the place in the hamptons had been handed down to us from my grandfather .
tess would disappear and esclave would take her place .
her gaze popped wide , and the need in her face dispelled , leaving shock in its place .
my place was by his side .
if i was weaker , i might ' ve given up and let ryan take my place .
that just reminded me i let her get taken in the first place .
'bout fuckin time - you were starting to resemble a drunken bum , '' he mocked , sounding as shocked as if he 'd walked in to find a stranger in my place .
i made him start drinking in the first place .
skimming it , i found the exact entry i was looking for and then held it out to him , holding its place open for him .
` ` that 's why i ended up as the wedding planner in the first place . ''
for a moment i 'd forgotten why we were kissing in the first place .
feeling sweaty and icky and not the least bit attractive , i frowned down at my socks and wondered why the hell i was wearing them in the first place .
the next morning i almost gave up my spot in the front passenger seat on the ride home , but i knew that would raise suspicion since i 'd been loud about getting it in the first place .
no rookie can take my place .
and then darla found a guitar and trevor got to claim his place on stage .
instead , some sort of social drama was taking place with fingers and palms and pants fabric that felt like sandpaper against my swollen skin as each man claimed his expanse of my body .
just take the place . ''
when i got up in front of the judges , stood face to face against a single opponent , and crafted an argument on whatever topic they threw at us , my brain could click into place .
in their place is the poker face of a top executive , one who knows how to keep his thoughts well hidden .
in place of the note i taped to the top of the blender sits a large envelope of the palest , purest blue .
in its place is a flat , hard stare that tells me he wants answers ... and warns me that there will be hell to pay if i do n't provide them .
in its place is the lightness i ' m used to .
in their place is only numbness , a blank emptiness inside me that i ' m afraid will never be filled again .
they fall like stones and lust bubbles up in their place .
no one took her place in all the time i was gone .
the pieces he 'd been searching for clicked into place .
when he stood up , the kids in the wings fled , and went back to whatever they were supposed to be doing in the first place .
the ember died , shriveling within his chest , leaving a dull ache in its place .
but , if i take brie 's place so i get the a , i ' m going to catch hell from her .
the patch of hair between her legs is gone and in its place there is an intricate design of a butterfly .
` ` no biggie , '' i said , non - chalantly checking my bag for missing items and finding everything in its place .
if rodrigo could speak english , i 'd make him take your place . ''
i paced the length of the room at least a thousand times , praying to god , offering myself in her place , if he would just give her back .
even if i was into january , which i ' m not saying i was , because she was a virtual stranger , she was over seventeen - hundred miles away in new york city , ironically trading places with the old me it seemed .
when we got in there , he fell into a chair and gasped in pain as he unsuccessfully tried to put his shoulder back in place , i sat there covering my mouth in shock as i watched him .
i told him it was n't my place to say whether or not he could and that she could make her own decisions .
i 'd almost forgotten why i 'd been coming to the kitchen in the first place , but an annoying feeling like being watched finally broke through , and my eyes shot up to find wide gray eyes locked on mine again .
i really wanted to go in her place .
i finally noticed all the presents lying around her and remembered why i 'd come in here in the first place .
` ` take my place , kid , but please god do n't lose any more of my money . ''
` ` i swear , you two switched places , you 're getting back to yourself , and brandon 's disappeared , well ... except for lunch the other day . ''
i swear her and her girlfriend should switch places , she acted just like brian , and if she did n't look like a suicide girl , i would swear she was a guy .
i do n't want the pain to leave because in its place i feel nothing at all .
as if i 'd been starved that feeling of kindness , and that i 'd take it from the man who had stolen it from me in the first place .
instead , i ' ve made it my mission to let you take his place . ''
i think about confronting him - about his drinking problem and pushing me away - but when i make it to the bedroom , exhaustion overtakes my body and i fall onto the mattress , wondering why i came here in the first place .
so i keep wandering aimlessly around the parking lot with no real destination , and i ca n't even remember why i came outside in the first place .
pressure releases in my chest and confusion takes its place .
i quickly shut the journal , regretting having opened it in the first place .
well , she sort of has , considering it was her idea for ella and me to get married in the first place , but she seems to be getting pushier the older she gets .
it hurts every time i ' m around you , hoping things will change , that somehow i 'll find a way to save you , find a way to stop you from drowning , pull you back and take your place , let the pain take me over .
` ` in my place ?
but , suddenly his words snap into place .
i could stay with javier , the love of my life , and be reminded of why i came to be with him in the first place .
someone else pops up in our place that looks like us and talks like us .
i ignored what javier had told me on the boat that day , that the drug lords were all like zombies and another one would pop up to take their place .
i swallow down a lump in my throat , but another one forms in its place .
` ` breakfast first , '' i say , grabbing my bags from the floor , ` ` but i guess it would n't be spontaneous if i had a plan in place . ''
natalie and i go back and forth a few times about what she did today and where she 's going tonight , but i know it 's all just filler - conversation , taking place of what she 's dying to know more about : me in new orleans with this ' mystery guy ' , who he looks like ( not ' what ' because she always compares guys to famous people ) and if i ' ve ' bent over for him ' yet .
andrew in place of orpheus .
it makes me feel bad that she even has to ask , not because it offends me , but because i had to give her any reason to ask in the first place .
i swallow down a nervous knot looking between them , but then another one just forms in its place .
` ` she just did n't want to drag you into it , '' i begin and the rest of the lie just starts to fall into place .
in its place were piles of powder , jagged bits of concrete , and shards of my broken heart .
the first will be to put that little lying bitch in her place .
i 'd trade places with him in a heartbeat . ''
my dad dances close to us , and suddenly , he 's pulling us apart and taking logan 's place .
that 's why he turned to music in the first place .
i hear a horse blow , and i remember the whole reason why we slept in the barn in the first place .
but matt gets ready to with us , and he comes to take my place petting maggie while i go get reagan .
he brushed a tear away with his thumb but one more fell in its place .
recollecting all the terrible things i did back home made the wonderful butterflies die and nausea take their place .
he assured me everything was in place and we hung up .
it took everything in me not to chase after her , but i knew it was n't my place , so i held back .
running my hand along the back of kellan 's favorite chair , the chair he 'd given me when i 'd involuntarily moved out of his place , i wondered where he was now .
dot moved between tristan and me , letting out a little warning growl , and taking his place to guard me .
he 'd let me be a good big sister and take her place , and if i cooperated , and did n't tell , and did n't complain , or cry out , or scream , he 'd leave my baby sister alone . ''
i hear a sob emit from her , so painful it shatters my heart , leaving nothing but dust in its place .
i wished i could ' ve switched places with beth .
do you think that i would let something happen to myself , knowing that there are about six guys that i know waiting to take my place ? ''
the liz that i used to know , the one on guard from everyone around her , slipped into place .
i ca n't help the evil smile that slides into place ; her eyes get huge , and i lift the scissors close to her , speaking very quietly .
and then he recovered and the guise was back in place .
the tears start falling , and no matter how fast i try to wipe them away , more fall in their place .
i try to brush it off , but another just falls in its place .
my lips , my nose , my eyes , my forehead , finally stopping on the pink and orange wrap that is in place of the hair he normally sees .
jackson yelled , running to her side and pushing her away and taking her place .
it has just taken me this long to understand the strange feeling flowing in my veins in place of blood : happiness .
well , it was n't her place as his employee to correct him .
in its place was a black knit skirt that showed slim , pale legs , those same ugly loafers , and an equally ugly orange brocade jacket with an enormous pin on one side .
` ` i would n't trade places with the lofty viscount for anything . ''
in its place was a warm , appealing gaze .
you know that i have encouraged the dance company to let you take my place some days , but they will not do it .
` ` taking my place beside you at cogent .
some of this is my fault for forgetting why i went to see him in the first place .
` ` nick , it 's about time , '' his old friend said in place of a greeting .
in his place was a seething time bomb ready to explode .
within a few minutes , my big film debut was over and i was moved out of the shot so morgan could take my place .
somehow just saying those words out loud to someone in my family made everything gell into place .
plan b is still in place . ''
the song ends , and adam swiftly reclaims his place , and this time his body is hard against mine , almost inappropriately close , and his hand is dangerously low on my back , resting barely an inch above the swell of my buttocks .
in its place uncoiled a slow , deep breath , one of experience and a carefully developed pause button on her tempter .
he pulled back and my eyes flew open - funny how i never even noticed they had closed in the first place .
my stressed - out bride - to - be has completely disappeared and in her place is my relaxed , happy wife .
i ' m the one who agreed to it in the first place .
he jerks his arm out of my hold and heads toward the table i wanted him to go to in the first place , grabs a small plate and starts loading up on endless appetizers .
some new young ballplayer has taken my place , and i ' m fine with it .
in their place were classier wares , small pitchers in brushed metal , a cute pink pot for making sauces , wine glasses with clever patterns on them .
` ` then you can take my place because i do n't want to go . ''
connor swapped places with casey who also gave emma a big hug .
as supervisor , he had to either find a replacement or take their place .
if velvet had been in her place , she would have made a bold seductive pose as she stretched on the seat and maybe even crooked a finger to get her own greek billionaire husband to come near .
it 's going to make you look forward to tomorrow because you know ... if fate was able to make mairi tanner 's dreams come true ... if fate was able to make damen leventis fall in love when he never believed it existed in the first place ... '' her shoulders lifted in a helpless shrug .
i backed out of the change room and the redhead took my place .
` ` in place of a cigarette ? ''
he pushed me toward the guy he 'd objected to taking me to the event in the first place .
there are younger and wilder taking your place as we speak . ''
the man got back , and i stepped in his place for half a second to confirm what i knew to be true .
but , baby , know this , the new parts of sylvie that took her place are f**kin ' amazing . ''
the whole place might be creepy if the a third of a block of the two story red brick buildings that were across the street behind the courthouse had n't been torn down and in their place a modern ( for the time , i was guessing at least two decades ago ) , glass fronted , somewhat glitzy ( now tarnished with age , it was dated and not in a good way , it would need at least another decade or two to come back into retro style ) restaurant .
on my last word , barry 's arms moved from around me and gray 's arms took their place .
but when we made it to her room , my anxiety disappeared and something else far more difficult to deal with took its place .
` ` i loved him , '' i whispered , the surge of anger disintegrating , instant sorrow taking its place .
every day , you smile more , laugh more , more of the real you comes out or you put back in place more of her .
she also did n't take out a small second mortgage , she took out one on all the equity they had in their place , which was a lot . ''
it was n't my place to tell her i better not see her again .
i needed a brock 's place robe .
and he sorted it as in he had it scraped and a massive two car garage built in its place .
` ` we should n't ' ve dicked around with f**kin ' ginger and f**kin ' tack in the first place .
` ` then it 's your place . ''
if i suggested that maybe it might be a good idea to talk with her and think about why you scraped her off in the first place .
lan was looking at me like the tabby he met just minutes ago evaporated , a new tabby took her place , and he 'd never seen me before .
that kind of thing would make a girl wonder , if her ex thought she looked good , why he broke up with her in the first place .
and you gave me credit for helpin ' bring you back to you without cottoning onto the fact i was the one who took you from you in the first place . ''
` ` she bitch from hell , '' i replied , bitsy 's head shot around and she looked at me with wide eyes , her fear had disappeared , delighted astonishment in its place while max grunted his amusement .
when a woman is a man 's world and he loses her , ai n't nothin ' gon na take the place of that and you got ta know that .
` ` harry said when a man has a woman who is his world , and he loses her , nothing will take the place of that . ''
fabulous , gleaming granite ones were in their place ( except the butcher block island , that was just the same ) .
bag of bones had disappeared at the utah / colorado border and the suv had taken his place .
` ` well , seeing as my other callers wo n't force themselves into my place , that should n't be a problem , '' i retorted .
in his place sat a man with issues deeper than i could ever imagine .
the moment i caught her , she 'd learn her place .
taking my place for deliverance , i murmured , ` ` i want you to count . ''
they 're only shown and offered when the current weaver fully understands her place . ''
` ` i have n't learned my place . ''
my university degree would be put to use , and i 'd finally earn my place .
take your place as my son and heir .
but in her place stood a new tess .
i 'd earned my place by his side .
` ` you ' ve only been in town a day , and you 're already taking my place . ''
ripper 's words tore into her soul leaving nothing in its place .
he took her place standing under the water .
ripper was allowed to stay at the house , and he stayed in her bedroom , which surprised her with devil 's daddy role still firmly in place .
he 'd given her a pair of boxers to wear in place of the panties he tore the night before .
she would probably always be a respected club whore who kept the other women in their place .
frederick has a deal in place with a transport firm .
telling his brother about the bdsm stuff was n't his place .
he did n't know how severe the cancer was and wanted you to be the man to take his place , but you would n't do it .
silence fell on the hall as gabriel took his place on the stand .
dean had taken his place , which he was thankful for .
she wanted her clothes off and his lips in place of them .
i ' m not really for that scene , and i never should have been there in the first place . ''
more fell in their place .
once the wedding had taken place a switch had gone off inside his head , and he could n't stop himself from the possessive way he felt towards her .
the tony she 'd known the past few weeks had gone , and in his place stood a stranger .
butch is taking homer 's place on the team , and we ' ve got to feed him information .
someone else has taken up his place .
the skulls were slowly gaining ground over men gonzalez had put in place to hurt them .
hey , at least the world is gone of one bad guy , but i can tell you , devil , there are over a thousand more bad guys out there who are willing to take my place .
` ` if you do n't want to do this then you can change places with someone else .
she 's the only woman i know to put tate in her place . ''
it was a surprise to see how many men came out of the woodwork to take over his place .
stink hates it , but he would n't let zero take his place . ''
when she learned that edward myers , or nash as he was known as to most people , had been paying for her place and that he 'd stopped paying suddenly , she 'd been shocked .
his brother , nigel , was stood in his place .
the least he could do was pay for her place .
from now on your place is by my side or sat in my lap . ''
he 'd never wanted another woman to take her place .
no more conversation took place .
henry took his place , and finally prue snapped .
the instant their hands touched prue felt everything fall in to place .
the other , he 'd die in her place if he had to .
we wanted to talk to the woman who has taken her place in his life . ''
also , we need some payment to the man who has taken dominic 's place .
he wanted to make an example of us because someone will be taking dominic 's place .
my personal assistant is going on maternity leave , and i want you to take her place .
when one whore died , ten more stood in her place .
if chain ca n't have scorch , he 'll find someone else to take his place . ''
i promise you we ' ve got a plan in place .
i ' m here to take my f**king place at scorch 's side .
the heat hit her , wishing she left the robe and had clothes in place of it .
` ` in rare cases a young wolf born to an alpha male and a strong female can inherit alpha traits that mean when she 's fully transitioned , her wolf will fight to take her place as head alpha female or could even be voted to take the place as alpha female .
` ` in rare cases a young wolf born to an alpha male and a strong female can inherit alpha traits that mean when she 's fully transitioned , her wolf will fight to take her place as head alpha female or could even be voted to take the place as alpha female .
raven is nothing but a whore to be used , and you could n't stand for the bitch to be put in her place . ''
in a few months it 'll be cleared away , and either another house , a set of apartments , or a business will take its place . ''
not only had her father sold his casino conglomerate after he 'd all but promised that she would one day take his place at the head of the family business , but he 'd sold it to liam conner .
it was n't until after luc had turned his back on angeli casinos and she 'd more or less taken his place at the family business that she 'd tentatively reached out .
granted , her father had vaguely implied he might one day consider her worthy of taking his place , but it had never been about his confidence in her skill .
it 'd been a power play to force luc to return to his place as the rightful heir .
a formal '' i ' m giving you your ring back as soon as i get home because we 're completely over and never should have started in the first place '' call to her ex was long overdue .
` ` go in my place : ' vanessa 's eyes lit up for a moment , but then she shook her head .
` ` hey , if you do n't want to give her some lessons '' -his fingers made lecherous quotes around the word ` ` lessons '' - '' i 'll take your place .
` ` i hope she 'll forgive me for sending you in my place tonight . ''
` ` you sent travis in your place , did n't you ? ''
in the back of janica 's mind , it occurred to her that maybe she had been the start of lily 's problems : after all , if she had n't forced lily to be in the fashion show , then travis would n't have come in luke 's place .
she looked up at his face , wanting to make sure that it really was luke standing before her , rather than some dominant stranger that had taken his place when she was on the verge of losing it beneath his mouth and fingers .
her sweet , protective , courageous man had intrepidly offered himself in place of his younger brother .
his rental car was gone , and in its place sat a ferrari 458 spider , a car he 'd considered - but had passed - on buying , even though he 'd been salivating over it for a while now .
you can't- '' he put a hand under her ass and hefted her body upward , moving to take her place as he pushed .
the minute i finished school , i had him ousted for incompetency and took his place .
but almost immediately , his mouth took the place of his fingers , and ally knew he must have dropped to his knees .
can you take my place ? ''
all i can really say is that his warning made me hesitate when another pilot got sick and someone needed to take his place .
and because i took a fraction of a second to think about what travis said , somebody else spoke up before me and took the sick guy 's place . ''
i just told her that travis was helping out a friend and was n't thrilled about taking his place .
but i already had a plan in place , involving a boutique downtown that already had my amex on file .
mostly it 's meant to take the place of ' no ' or ' stop , ' in case it feels right to say those things as a part of the scene . ''
everything should be in place tomorrow or the next day . ''
it did n't last very long in its new position because he picked it up and lowered himself in its place .
knowing the apprehensive , straight and narrow girl that walked into whitmore and creighton all those months ago was a stranger and in her place was someone adventurous .
` ` you 're so wet , baby , '' he murmured , looking down at me , the smirk nowhere and in its place , nothing but fire .
the lighthearted , nonchalant tone she 'd used before was gone and in its place was an edge that reminded me of the haughty actress i 'd met months ago in venice .
the idea of rachel putting missy in her place brought me more pleasure than it should have .
i swallowed and stood tall , marveling at the craftsmanship of the cross , the fear dwindling and in its place , fascination at being splayed out for him .
i knew i had no right to be insulted or blush like he 'd just called my honor into question when i did a fine job of that myself by meeting cade in the first place .
` ` but do not forget your place .
he pulled his mouth away but his fingers quickly took its place .
i matched the grin , not fighting the better mood that was quickly taking the place of the rotten one i 'd woke up in .
i should n't have met you for coffee in the first place . ''
in its place was the cool , collected guy i 'd met .
not after her flabbergasted response when i told her i was being whisked away to italy in the first place .
the final pieces clicked in place and allegra 's jaw tightened .
` ` we can share the patio - especially considering you 're the reason i have the day off in the first place . ''
i swallowed the truth and racked my mind for some excuse i could put in its place .
we never discussed -- '' my mouth hung agape as all the pieces fell into place .
silvio stepped away and i snapped my mouth shut as i watched jacob take silvio 's place .
his fingers took the place of his tongue , tracing up and down my labia .
the heat of indignation melted and arousal quickly took its place .
in their place were four reclining chairs to the right near the window and a table to the left flanked by two more .
was she expecting me to demand that she turn that hot little ass toward me so i could spank her for forgetting her place ?
if i was cruel , i would have said that she never had me in the first place .
everyone in the office had heard what carl said , and my father could n't even be bothered to put dietnem in his place .
i did n't rub her nose in it , taking my place and getting right to it .
she opened her mouth , her lips quivering and i could have clapped with glee because for the first time ever , i had a high maintenance client that was n't going to make me chip away at the layers to get to the root of why they needed me in the first place .
a smile teased his lips as the pieces clicked into place and he recognized the coat .
i braced myself for him to tell me that i 'd forgotten my place .
i tapped the un - mute button , ready to apologize , but she clearly did n't even notice that i put her on silent in the first place .
making sure jacob was happy was my place .
` ` i already had to let someone go because he forgot his place . ''
or else , if you do n't want to go on a date with him , i 'll take your place .
we both quickly scramble to put our clothes back on - not that we had much to put on in the first place .
the closets in front slide left and the one beside it takes its place .
so even if we have not leaked out news of our ( informal ) engagement , the world is already speculating that alex and i would marry in place of alex and tatiana .
and when you become more of a liability than an asset to us , i can just hire some hotshot from new york to take over your place . ''
so what is brian doing in her place ?
amid the scrapes of chairs , everyone rises , and then sits again as the judge takes his place .
if i 'd known how to deal with the feelings i was having , i never would ' ve agreed to the arrangement ... we were young and stupid but no one was dumber than you for letting her go in the first place . ''
in place of her usual ratty jeans and baggy sweaters , she 'd worn a tight , long - sleeved shirt , the same shade of blue as her eyes and with a deep ' v ' neckline that showed a generous amount of cle**age .
only , the second his mouth touched hers , he forgot all about why he 'd kissed her in the first place .
those two had been the reason he 'd gone to see jane in the first place , and look how that turned out .
as cash removed the condom and staggered to his feet , dylan quickly took his place , launching himself at vanessa , making her laugh as he nuzzled her neck and whispered something in her ear .
especially now that she was in the running to take gillian 's place once the boss opened up the anaheim branch next spring .
after they were seated , the hostess hurried away and a waiter took her place , taking their drink orders before handing each of them a leather - bound menu .
um ... yeah ... do you think you 'd be able to go in my place ? ''
he got the distinct feeling that danny had something on his mind - the teenager had started half a dozen conversations this past week , only to clam up before revealing what he 'd wanted to talk about in the first place .
but i ' m struggling with the feeling that in just two weeks , suri has taken my place .
he does n't even tell me anything helpful , just confirms that he 's got a tracer on my phone line here at the cottage , and the extra security i had richard bring on are all in place ; all doing their jobs .
the heavy curtains were open and the storm that had driven us to mr . stone 's mansion had vanished , leaving a perfect blue sky in its place .
he looked like the world 's sexiest cowboy : all brawn and bare chest with a vibrator in place of a gun .
he thumped the pillow as he turned over , acutely aware of sophie so close by in the next room , wishing he could go and take his place in bed beside her where he belonged .
if he 'd known it would cost him almost a thousand dollars to have it extracted he never would have inserted it in the first place .
it will take you some time to learn your place with me .
a woman 's place is at home .
the distraction was just what i needed to get myself back on track , to remember why i had taken this job in the first place .
the motivation to work had been sucked out of me , leaving nothing but the hollow feeling of worthlessness in its place .
it was as if they were waiting for her pass away , making room for another elderly person to take her place .
as if the scene could nt become any more bizarre , unexpectedly lucas rose from the desk at which he was sat alone and moved to the table right behind marina and ana , where joshua had been before - he had just taken his place .
after ten turns around the field , the teacher guided the warm - up and announced that , from then on , a different student in each class would be chosen to take his place .
with that , she went into the room and took her place .
joshua regained his place , but not for long , because marina received a text from her mother asking if she would be long .
i m here , so you can swap places with me , ana .
noah changes places with me so i m sitting on the edge of the bed and he s on his knees in front of me .
her eyes flashed with eagerness as she took his place , resting her hands on the wheel as setzer reached for the throttle .
he caressed her cheek free from the tears , but more took their place .
as she dangled there , the terror in her expression was suddenly gone , and determination took its place .
if he could bring a man to stab himself in the heart over a disagreement , he would surely have acted against those who d openly supported me , those who had wanted me to take his place .
then he told her he d put his wife in her place .
i d never try to take jakes place .
a few hours ago , herr meyer had my father demoted , and i m taking his place .
it would nt have been attempted if you listened to me in the first place !
in its place was a woman whose face showed the strains of a very hectic day .
pierre rushed to the bedside , taking olivias place .
i told you , eiriks place .
we traded places .
none of this would have happened if he had told her the truth in the first place .
covered sidewalks took the place of the tiled hallways , and lockers were against the stucco building between the brightly colored doors .
some pieces were beginning to fall into place for me .
the eagerness was gone , and in its place was a desperation , a need .
she was an almost exact replica of anne , only with smooth platinum blonde hair in place of her daughters darker curls .
hell , i might have to chain him to keep him put after i tricked him in there in the first place .
as the sadness receded , embarrassment pushed forward to take its place .
then resignation took its place .
it was alex 's idea to get a dog in the first place .
in their place rows and rows of tract homes , condos , and subdivision signs sprawled over the rolling hills in all directions .
by friday , everything was in place .
however , now the bike shop had gone and in its place was a fish and chip shop , oh well matthew thought time moves on .
they had all gone without a trace , and in their place now stood a selection of large detached four bedroom houses .
they ruled in the place of their lost master .
his ordinary animation had vanished , and in its place , ice tipped each word .
hey , what if i take your place ?
i nod , but now that i ve remembered my reason for coming here in the first place , i ' m no longer particularly interested in his dungeons and his mazes .
i d trade places with him in a heartbeat .
all of the rough edges , the aching sadness that had been with her for as long as she could remember , the sense that she would always be aloneall of it had vanished and in its place was contentment .
why had n't he pushed the issue and picked her up at home the way he 'd wanted to in the first place .
gerson 's was gone and a sandwich shop had opened in its place .
are you volunteering to take her place ?
ill be right back , i m gon na go get plates , i say , then quickly walk out before becca can offer to go in my place .
i was fine with that meeting taking place , except my dad would totally misconstrue it .
but could any of those things ever really take the place of a loving parent ?
it 's obvious that i ' ve been neglecting beth , so i called in a favor and sent someone in my place .
shafts of early morning sunlight filtered through the thin sheer curtains that hung at her windows in place of the dusty old brocade drapery that had probably been original to the house , much like the old lead paint that had been long since remedied .
she shouted right back , anger taking the place of apprehension .
once again we took our place at the tail of the convoy .
or at least , i wish it had never been written in the first place .
it dawned on him that he not only stood in place of the detective , but was also in the same position the silver - haired man he now knew to be general maxim dumas had been only a couple of days earlier .
i ve told you about the extra precautions were putting in place .
one night when you were in katrinas room i heard you say that you wished that you could have traded places with her and that it should have been you there instead .
would you have traded places with her knowing that you would no longer exist if you did ?
when the accident occurred if i could have been the one destroyed , i would have gladly traded places .
you can still save the boy if you trade places !
she had a strained look on her face as i grabbed the snacks i d come in for in the first place .
i hugged her with the heat of samiel on my arms , he was that close , before amara took my place for hers .
agelessness has taken the place of the young woman that had just stood before me .
the phantom was gone , but in its place stood a man in a suit beneath his dark grey duster .
you must take his place .
the world bled out of my eyes and darkness pooled in its place .
jordan , there is no way to know if the father will accept this in place of the hundredth soul you owe , gabriel said in a pleading voice .
whenever they came out , there would definitely be a large , jagged scar in its place .
ill let you know when my dislocated vertebrae pops back into place .
the old tan couch made of scratchy cotton had disappeared and a green couch sat in its place , though the usual stains and burn holes were there .
the angel had vanished and the man stood in his place .
and though i appreciate everything he s done , he still lied to youand we would nt be dealing with any of this if he had nt gotten holt to buy the siren in the first place .
alan honeycutt had agreed to stay on as the head of the legal department until they determined who would take his place .
and you will never physically punish her ; nor will you allow anyone else to do so , even if it requires you take her place as proxy .
bits and pieces of information shifted into place .
i need to know the exact hour of your return so i can have witnesses in place .
it was an ordered chaos , but anna was eager to have everything in its place .
only she was waiting for her husband and he refused to retire until he found someone to take his place .
oh and necromancers created vampires in the first place , so anitas mouth nearly hit the ground .
funny , if you were worried about that you would have kept him away in the first place .
i ca nt let girls fight in my place , even if you are both frightening to mess with , he said with a wicked grin .
i know who is to take my place , and i know when the time comes he will keep you safe .
i kept one hand on him , while motioning with my head for anita to take my place .
once they were in place eli reappeared from the spirit zone where he was protecting the ceremonial jar .
our male alpha died a few weeks ago and i do nt have anyone to take his place .
sisters sometimes took the alpha females place , but that was a rarity .
his touch was soothing and immediately removed any trace of pain from her skin , leaving in its place a warm , tingling sensation that left her face and rapidly spread throughout her midsection to parts beyond .
` ` like you planned in the first place . ''
and murderers from the spiritual planes ended up in the place of chains at their physical death if they could not fashion a sanctuary to hide in before they were caught .
about the moment the seed believed gol 's words and regretted his own ambitions , gol reached into the chest cavity of the seed he had given life to and pulled the blood pumping organ from its place .
taking his place , he glanced out at the water .
but everything fell perfectly into place when ritcherd fell to his knees , pressing his hands to her back and his face into the folds of her dress .
as the anger briefly relented , the pain rushed forward in its place .
you told me you could nt allow this marriage to take place .
he took pouchets place , pushing him gently aside .
when we fall , others will fight in our place .
good try , morgan said , changing places with her daughter and addressing her son .
having switched places with her daughter , morgan watched as samantha nuzzled close to travis for the rest of the game .
the old queen was nt too pleased about joey taking lees place for the night .
find him someone find him the man to take your place .
he d never considered that lee and scott might actually meet , but of course it was a possibility given what was now in place .
they could have jumped into bed and parted ways in the morning as was usually the case : another notch to be carved , another name to be forgotten , assuming one had been given in the first place .
it would be nice if you were to be there in his place .
it was put on immediately in place of the one he d been wearing .
it was another part of the fantasy falling into place the platonic fantasy concerning his american idol who would show his support in the most public of ways .
i would never leave you , lewis - not until i found the right man to take my place .
but now everythings falling into place .
but in the cold light of day where tennis took centre place , scott found himself questioning if he d been wrong to pursue it .
i brushed a tear out of my eye but another took its place , and soon i was crying rivers .
his normal fierceness was gone , and in its place was a gentleness that was surprising .
as the adrenaline wore off , pain took its place .
i was almost positive hunter would find someone else to take my place , but my heart belonged to another as well .
wendell junior silenced the band and took his place center stage .
and he could n't complain about the fact that she 'd mailed him the check after he 'd initiated it all by mailing her shoe in the first place .
now that shed stopped and sat down , though , she found that the hurt and confusion had faded and left in its place an angry knot that was growing bigger the longer he stayed away .
the couches had been removed and in their place sat a large , round poker table .
she interviewed a string of applicants to take her place as director of the foundation ; they came to her bedroom and sweated more than just the interview .
they were like aunts to us , kind of took the place of our mother .
she worked to pull some weeds and untangle a clutch of vines in the cutting garden only to find new sprouts spring up immediately in their place .
we are grateful you have agreed to come here and take my place .
i ' m honored by your words and i ' m sure i can never take your place , healer .
first we imprint the girl and then take our place as beta .
in the years since , there has been no beta to take his place .
in his place , a man stood , his dark green eyes glowing eerily .
at the head , her father had let carl take the place of honor as elder councilor , opting to take the next seat to his right between carl and the host .
we need to start to work on finding someone to fill maggie 's place .
there is no one to take my place .
then why did you go in the first place ?
she s off the team and ill find someone else to take her place .
the bracelet was ugly and cheap , which was probably why the mother allowed the child to have it in the first place , but krista thought the idea of it worked .
gone was the cold indifference and serial killer charm and in its place was a warmth and affection that seemed blinding with his charisma .
gone was the angry , irrational hendrix and in his place was a smoldering , protective , magnetic man that was absorbing me into his gravitational pull before i had a chance to think about it .
but then there were other things , things that were so achingly beautiful and righteously innocent that did nt just balance the bad things out , but superseded their place .
i know he will , but he should nt have taken her out in the first place , caleb argued .
bridget spun her fingers in the air in a counter clockwise movement , and suddenly standing in her place was brennans twin .
gone was the meek businessman , and standing in his place was a human male specimen , too perfect to be real .
if you do nt cut it out , ill swap places with jessica and leave you to fight her off .
in its place sat a gorgeous arrangement of fall flowers .
she had a long thin sash of teal - green silk in place of a belt .
i 'd have stayed in his place .
sherryyes i told everything as you said they pick it lightly rinisha i was not kidding again you took it in the wrong way i just made me doing misdeed at place of my father so all of your anger will flourish on me and that was i expected from you and that i got .
what would he say if he spotted it hanging there , in place of the sun and moon ?
why had they switched places ?
katja hated leaving her mother and sibylle behind , aware of how ironic it was considering she had nt wanted to come to see them in the first place .
miraculously , he would show up after the funeral , prepared to take the place of his brother as head of the pride .
kaseo would be his enforcer in case one of els orphans decided to try and take his place .
the article was about forgotten , and new gossip had taken its place .
there is no baby jenna laughed as she took her place by tammy 's side .
a pool table stood in place of a dinette .
the mediocre and moldy smells of the inner city fade away and in its place , a newer , spicier aroma permeates the air .
gage motioned and alex took his place at the motor .
i can go home to my mother , explain i broke it off with jackson , and promise her ill work on finding a suitable rich boyfriend to take his place .
james is gone , and in his place is a woman .
for several minutes , the utter darkness in its place pressed heavily around her .
what he had done was take the place of a more competent retriever , and now he would be taking cara away from where she was meant to be , where she was most needed , to come and do his job for him up here in second .
if he could get him up there in time he would make them take paulo in his place .
even though his spot was only his because of pia , his sweet , beautiful pia , he would make them take paulo in his place because the boy deserved to live .
he deserved to take my place .
take your place ?
i still feel like an idiota for thinking you would simply take paulo in my place , or worse , that you might have died waiting for me to return .
her good sense left her and the need for retaliation took its place .
all the beauty veronica possessed had fled , and in its place had settled a sort of red haze .
but every step stripped a bit of the anger away and left sorrow in its place .
but mostly for causing jessie to run away in the first place .
so maybe her yelling at him to get going was a sign the plan should take place ?
she was probably the reason randy had chosen to come eat here in the first place .
fortified with liquid courage , a crowd of drunks shouted vulgarities that were meant to hurt his absent father , but in his place , billy became the target .
billy pulled himself into the drivers seat and tried the levers that took the place of foot pedals .
he was a soldier with the rebels , but he was killed and i took his place in the fight against the government .
everything in me was screaming to pull away from him , to close the door and lock it and forget that i d ever thought it was a good idea to open it in the first place .
it did nt take place .
alisha , when do we put my part in place ?
so he d put in place plan b .
once they were seated , and people calmed somewhat , alisha related the story about celeste needing to take the place of a caregiver in someones home .
by now the children and young families were gone along with most of the grandparents and retirees , and grad students and young professionals drifted in to take their places .
the song ended and a slow one took its place .
it will make it seem as if it has disappeared , and there will just be a patch of glass in its place .
it was almost as if he d sent a droid in his place .
bathroom guy gently pulled me aside and took my place .
almost as soon as she left , a girl who d probably had too many cups of coffee took her place .
in place of a greeting , she turned her nose up and looked back to the stage .
i took out a whole wheel of my mamas pills and put in their place the little baby aspirins .
emily was nt so sure about that , but she took her place , acting as if it was an everyday occurrence to have a wild animal loose in her house .
all of this took place on wednesday afternoon .
i d paid big to take his place , double elis months protection money , and then afterward i d made eli spill everything , everything he d known about alexis romeras disappearance .
nah , scratch that i should nt have let her stay in the first place .
yesterday , aunt mabry threatened to use the strength of those shares to make a bid for chad to take jacks place as ceo .
our plan to get enough of the shareholders on our side to ensure your place as ceo may not work now .
the mist caught in her hair and condensed into droplets that slid down her cheeks , pseudo tears in place of the ones she refused to shed .
in her place , he would have taken more than a step .
and although the hair was wavy and shoulder - length these days and beauty salon highlights had taken the place of nature , she was still the same person i had loved for thirty - plus years .
nancy came forward and helped claires parents get her situated behind the table while i took my place at her side .
i realise that , but why ca nt you take his place ?
if i take over your new charges , you could take devlins place and have both your wards under the same roof .
i have no qualms about taking devlins place , not now .
she could nt come into the world without a guardian , so michal assigned me in your place .
yes , but like i said , you were nt here , so i was told to take your place .
you were unavailable and i was asked to take your place .
no other angel could make him laugh as much as devlin had , and none could take his place .
after all , she had left one country behind , and while she was away , it had disappeared and another must have taken its place .
` ` i would be most heartbroken to choose other than yourself to take my place .
in its place stood a luminous marble wall covered in ivy .
in their place lay a thick coil of green : scaly and sinuous in the torchlight .
she s the one who opened her big mouth and volunteered to take their place .
she knew he wanted to take connors place as leader and prove that connor was weak .
in its place was rampant curiosity and a physical attraction to the beautiful woman on the other side of the pool table .
joe mcgowan has made a habit of buying up properties to destroy them and put glass and steel monuments to himself in their place .
robin preferred that smile , brief as it was , over the nonchalant grin that took its place as neil offered him a third glass .
the grin faded , a glimmer of annoyance taking its place .
shed eat them and then give him hell for bringing them in the first place .
victor might hire someone else , and if he did , would robin disappear and that someone take his place ?
a piece of the puzzle dropped into place .
then i had the idea that the guy who returned it to you ought to be the guy who gave it to you in the first place .
it is not my place , but with the increasing cases of the fever , we have need of it , renny disclosed .
afterwards , they went to the mcmanus house for refreshments before returning to their place .
her breath hitched when she imagined the childs body in its place .
the weight of the blanket shifting on her body , the brushing and tightening of the nightshirt against her skin , was torture , calling for his hands and his lips to take their place .
conrad had been the one who had wanted grace to be stay at home mom in the first place .
no , but the energy required to pull such a feat is immense , and all of you must be back in your places very soon .
gone was the haze and detachment she had felt while being an angel , and in its place was stark reality .
her angel wings were gone and in their place were six crystals the size of pennies , three lining each side of her spine .
missy set her fork down , and when she looked at adela again , a deep sadness had taken the place of the sparkle in her eyes .
the city gal he d seen at the hotel was gone and a country gal had taken her place .
if you had just looked once or twice and gone upon your quiet way they said the time was right for me to follow you i knew i d find you in a day or two and its true you came upon a quiet day you simply seemed to take your place .
sure so you let richie take your place in the tent tonight ?
she yelled and shoved his hand off her , finally gathering the courage she should have had in the first place .
if he did nt , he would nt have asked you to the bonfire in the first place , right ?
i should have just told him no in the first place , but i do nt know what happened .
any other girl in the school would have been thrilled to be in her place , they would not have turned him down .
the next half hour went quickly with katryn showing them , using sugar packets in place of players , how it would work .
julie , paul took johns place .
in their place were sophisticated gardens and statues .
rocco happily took her place , enjoying quentins administrations .
to tell her he wished she had never come back in the first place .
the glossy locks refused to obey her and fell back in place .
the physical work took place during may while the facility was shut down , and with ryan there as much as he could with school still in session , things took shape quickly because of the intense and interlocked planning he had done .
still , living out of a suitcase , however experienced he was at the task , could not take the place of being home .
the pa was scheduled to retire in two more years , but the truth of the matter was , he had already retired in place .
people from the shelter had not really been told what was to take place ; angie just could not believe this was going to happen , even as much as she wanted to trust laura , but here all of them were .
cal , i have a potential housekeeper interviewing here to take susans place next week .
i know i can never take marys place , and i do nt want to .
one player had opted out , and a woman had taken his place .
she reared back , the pieces finally falling into place .
a squeak left my lips in place of the words i wanted to say , and he chuckled lightly .
she had long flowing vibrant red waves in place of her silvery white bun .
my long locks fell into place , still dripping wet .
nothing was going to take his place .
as his anger wore out , hurt and disappointment took its place and he knew he had to leave now .
i hear if the spell is renewed , everything put in place before will return , including you being able to leave shadow hill .
either tell me how to reverse the spell or what original spell was done in the first place .
until chemotherapy yanked the lustrous strands from her head , leaving in their place a few dull wisps which she hid under a yellow bandana .
slowly the battle moved away and silence took its place .
abby would have wanted to feel the pain her daughter felt and taken carries place , but nobody gave her the option .
she wanted to stay on in place of holding her .
the girl who had pitied her sister , wanted to take her place .
if we were only given the choice , i would have taken her place without a second thought .
a centralized bridge took the place of the poop deck where orders could be yelled out from , but you still had full view of the entire ship .
my husband is taking the place of a professor who recently died .
abby was stunned to hear that this womans husband would be taking johns place at the school .
suzie , the boring , efficient , middle - aged wife and mother did n't exist any more ; blanche dubois , international spy and woman of mystery , had taken her place and in the dark she smiled and glanced at her hands on the steering wheel , the long sensitive fingers relishing the texture of the plastic casing , scarlet nails glinting in the dark , the palms flexing gently , alert and ready for any emergency ... suzie straightened her spine .
she made a mistake , and now it would be easier to put it in its place .
unsure of her place here , she stayed in her chair .
the desk looked the same like the cupboards in the bathrooms , just with golden handles , and there was nothing on the place of the big cabinet , just a black chair .
it 's been a year since she died of consumption and my sister lorrie has taken her place as school teacher .
love , your secret admirer only for it to switch places with the lamb awakening within my own [ 9th anonymous note put in your locker . ]
it reads : ] may 30 simply because come with me and ill show you night skies of stars that grow the reddest roses their long stems of light dipping their fragrant petals that bloom and grow into earths gravity they gently flow while spilling earthbound bulbs of fire into the night i m being careful to avoid the thorny paths of lust fearing to awaken within you the lion that slumbers in your soul roaring out power greater than a stormy ocean out of control only for it to switch places with the lamb awakening within my own bleating out light filled with songs of peace we d once known being reborn between the mountain of your virtue and the lake of your love ill watch for the snowfall of our start to melt into the replenishment for the reservoirs of my heart will nourish the growing timbers of tenderness that steep themselves in the heaven sent rains of peace and light throughout the forest of our love as birds sing a celebratory chorus by flight sometimes the world within my heart is as a volcano that shoots out the whitest light spilling lava that freezes into a sea of glass that receives the suns rays translating the bright white into sparkling colors of the rainbow for more heavenly days and yet sometimes my soul peers out of the window to watch as the stars shimmer across the ocean in the night the two worlds blend sinking the light of the stars to swim through the ocean deep awakening a part of my soul once buried by sleep passing swimming stars reveal the liquid purple fire that hides in the black coral reef not far from the glowing fluorescent mists that court a new belief that the shadows in the seas of a night ruled by lust drown out every lightning rod of righteous desire so i must use all of my brawn along with prayerful help from heavens love to draw the stars back to their proper places in the night sky above long before the last night wind ushers in the dawn .
even worse than thatand this was the clinchershe 'd only slept with him in the first place for money .
sure , ill need money to pay for the degree , but the biggest problem i ve got right now is getting in to law school in the first place .
my messenger bag went flying out of my hands and my books spewed out of my bag like they were angry they were there in the first place .
i sighed and shoved my math book in the place of my history book .
when we got to the principal 's office , it was clear that any woman with a heartbeat would gladly murder me and take my place .
i wanted to take his place .
[ but with me in the place of the dummy , of course . ]
would you be able to take my place ?
he d already tarnished franklins reputation when he put trisha in her place .
how stupid and fucking spineless i d been for breaking up with her in the first place , when i should have fought tooth and nail to keep both her and caroline in my life .
but silence is what takes the place in absence of words .
frequently these were the same people on whom i had tested out the whole mad idea of moving to canada and buying a b & b in the first place .
she stood up and tried to get out of the roller coaster car , ah , on second thought rosemary why do nt you take my place and go instead .
actually , i never would have gone to the lighthouse with her in the first place or even gone kayaking not much of a nature girl ?
joy takes the place of pain ; happiness numbs the notion of pain .
the sunset was gone , and darkness had reappeared in its place .
in fact , joels attire was identical to evans in every way save the small skull and crossbones pin in place of the throat closer on the rounded collar .
the missing piece of my life -- namely a nice little fortune to fritter away at my leisure courtesy of one heiress -- will fall right into place .
or she would nt have done the sending out in the first place .
i believe it was something to the effect of your idyllic country pastimes allowing you leisure to inspect potential suitors , choose a consort , and bring him home to be duly installed into his place in the kingdom , he answered her after a moment of reflection .
their routine went back to what it had been before , and keely had herself half convinced that she had imagined the whole thing in the first place .
and never again , no matter what else she might face , would she let another person take her place in battle .
chelsea cleared her throat , trying to work up enough energy to put the spoiled brat in her place .
chelsea could nt let someoneespecially garretttry to take her place as the target of vincents vengeance .
to take the violence that was directed at her , to take it himself in her place .
switch places .
and how do you propose we switch places ?
one touch from the magic girl and everything else fell into place .
i was back in the place that the haughty lawyer had referred to as both menial and insignificant , and though i thought it showed a good deal of consistency and dedication she 'd pretty much said that it was an embarrassment to have it listed on my resume .
the pieces were falling into place of a puzzle he did n't want to be a part of and could n't see a way out of without hurting himself or caroline .
follow your heart and everything will fall into place . ''
maybethey died because there was no musician to take their place .
it all falls into place .
and promote one of the ky clique in my place .
i d have to go back at least until before i told jawbreaker about the neb in the first place .
deep breathing and a steady refrain ofi will not pukekept my stomach contents in place .
a note had been sent in her place , not in her handwriting , and flora had every intention of visiting her friend tomorrow to make sure she was all right .
if you did nt like her , why were you so willing to take her place ?
he frowned slightly , then the grin twisted itself back into place .
finally with an exasperated grimace , lambert offered to let his wife take his place .
i am hoping that you will take my place .
in the second round , davy is awake , julian is feeding him and he and jonathan switch places .
there would nt have been any need to bring david back if she had nt destroyed him in the first place .
i would have died and she could nt live with my death in her place so she tried to right something that i did years ago .
she could nt accept that fate , she could nt allow someone else to die in her place .
i wish i could have traded places with you .
i wish i could have traded places with her .
she did nt tell you because she knew you would have sacrificed yourself for her and she could have never lived with someone else taking her place .
mia loved you and loved the children , but she could nt allow someone else to take her place .
the missing piece slides into place and hits me like a wrecking ball .
i am so sorry that she found out and left in my place .
they would not expect me to take his place .
the girls changed places with tink and nathan , elizabeth and melanie on either side and hayley a few steps behind jason .
cathy and jason 's mom 's switched places before we left , jason 's mom was driving so cathy 's mom could use the phone .
that got philip to do what i suggested in the first place , because no one really wanted to confront pa if they did nt have to .
i think i just took over your place .
in its place shone a glittering spark , those pupils exuding a strong , wicked gleam , like the devil about to play with his toy .
the last time he got on clarices wrong side , he ended up doing his cousins chores for a whole week , and he did nt even know he had agreed to the deal in the first place .
max swapped places with clarice so now she was sitting in front of the screen .
but if he did nt go in antons place , then anton would simply cut off his credit card spending spree , since his dad had given anton full authority over his spending .
he knew ages ago that even if he had been named the ceo of silverton enterprises , achieving so much at this young age , in the not - too - distance future , the new heir would take his place and he would be willing to step down .
in its place were ice and steel and a quiet anger that radiated off him in waves .
it all fell into place .
most of all though , i hate myself for agreeing to come to this party in the first place .
the mouthy part of me wants to gritch about why he asked in the first place , but i refrain .
it does n't take long for everything to click into place .
i d expected it to happen a lot later than it did , after shed had my child , but i was the one who had planned for her to walk away in the first place .
i m seriously framing it and putting it up in my place .
mama would nt be here to see me in my finale , but that loss was lessened knowing that the man i cared for the most would be there in her place .
they were made of cardboard and they had black plastic sheets in the place of the lenses .
when shaun resumed his place lying beside me , i looked into his eyes .
the loneliness seeped into this sandy ground and love for tyler took its place next to the love for my parents .
erin returned to her place .
but i do believe that before healing can take place forgiveness must happen . ''
in place of the sad girl waiting for a father she did nt know , maybe she could build her own family .
a friend happened to have a ticket she could nt use last night and let me go in her place .
i took out my drivers license just because its what he should ve asked for in the first place .
granted our relationship has nt been romantic , but he still sees me as taking his place .
nurse thompson came along and took her place but somehow it was nt quite the same thought alex and fell asleep , dreaming of a young nurse who had nursed him back to consciousness .
ruth finally accused him of wanting to take alexs place in her affections .
perhaps he was hoping to take his place by being nice to you .
the weeks went by and although the pair met every week , sometimes twice a week , ruth knew that fred could never take the place of alex !
he read what was going to take place and called jane to ask if they could go there on saturday .
she called in a nurse to take her place and went in search of her friend , colonel melvyn waldour .
looking back , i could nt believe i d left charleston in the first place .
his anger seemed to wash away , and something warm and fuzzy rose up to take its place .
you should be happy to see them so firmly put in their places .
just beyond her own parking spot , though , an expensive - looking suv was pulling out of a slushy space at the curb and there was another vehicle waiting to take its place , while two or three pedestrians were passing by .
would they ever have gotten together in the first place , if it had nt been for the prom ?
something about the veil and the abaya , the black shape floating from place to place , he finds far more appealing than all the faces he s seen over the years .
this is nt my place , so forgive me for interfering , but i have to , he says , taking a deep breath .
good , it was her stupid idea we played in the first place .
the only thing that was my doing was fixing the code that vinnie sabotaged in the first place .
in their place , red suspenders bulged over a white t - shirt , holding up a pair of cherry - red shorts .
gabriel had laughingly described her as the woman who ruled his life her with an iron fist cleverly disguised inside a hand - knitted tea - cosy , in place of the more usual velvet glove .
as one bus pulled away from the kerb another would promptly take its place .
should he cut himself now , green sap would run from his veins and in place of skin he was covered over with vines and leaves .
then who would take your place in the band ?
and i can never thank you enough for even accepting the open spot in the first place and going with the guys and i on this crazy ride and i ca nt wait to make even more memories along the way .
there was no need to do so ... if a woman could nt wait for him , there d be ten more to take her place .
maisie seemed to realize she was overstepping her place and her face flushed .
i push the papers on his desk aside and hoist myself up to sit in their place .
in its place , i put on a pair of jeans and a black shirt that mentioned that i refused to engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed person .
within a second , a striking phoenix appeared in his place .
when we find more camps of warlocks , we can snatch one of them and send you back in his place .
our last bit of intelligence explains why they re starting the war in the first place .
you ve taken your place as their leader , avery , rick said telepathically .
you took your place and have put into motion a great many events .
i did nt think that shed invited gary in my place .
i loved that color on her though , it was the exact same blue as her eyes and the reason that i d bought it for her in the first place .
a dog barked behind the fence of the matthews home , which used to be a small cottagesimilar to minebut had since been bulldozed and a much larger colonial built in its place .
the kids took my place soaking him while i stepped back , peeled off my wet and clinging t - shirt , heaped it onto the sand , and ran back to join them .
since my boss and mentor , charles ashcroft , died last year , its been down to me to oversee the everyday operations of the companyand guide his daughter , keely , as she takes his place .
when ashcroft died , i was the one to guide her through taking his place at the head of the company .
but over the last few years , we d switched places .
i should nt have punched him in the first place , and i should nt have used him as an excuse to pick a fight with you .
she pulls the tube off and inserts the clear line in its place .
i scan around trying to find some sort of a clue on how i got here in the first place .
when we get there the sun has gone down and a starry night sky is left in its place .
i know it is nt a popular choice , but shell probably kill all of us if she comes to and someone else has taken her place as a sacrifice , kyle said .
i can see more stories in averys future , but i m not sure what kind of villain could take malphas place .
and so ill be taking his place !
hurry up and take your place , dominik .
i wished i could slink right back out without anyone knowing i had come up in the first place .
however he had no problem finding men to fill their places .
i decided to keep the offer to myself because if sarah ever got wind of it shed have her bags packed and ready to go in my place !
i was desperately in love with him and although the voice inside me kept warning me to keep away , for the first time in my life i felt complete , as if all the pieces of the puzzle were now in place .
the last piece of the puzzle was in place now .
tex had always wanted to be in command of the team in my place .
fear had now given its place to anger .
you and your brothers and sister fought to stay strong and help out here despite suffering her loss while your mom saved all those lives and did good work in new york despite not even knowing who she was and would nt let someone else suffer in her place .
first of all , you left to save eva and as awful as it was thinking that you were gone from our life , you re doing the right thing to ensure that she did nt suffer in your place was what gave us a second chance .
looking into his eyes , i know that if i do nt tell him , he will feel like i m shutting him out again , just like i m sure he believes i shut him out of my decision to leave in the first place , despite saying that he understands why .
mia , you did nt chose to leave them , you made a choice not to let eva suffer in your place .
i move as grant comes near , taking my place holding her head .
you are banishing me , you have forsaken father when all he wanted to do was be reunited with you , yet you forever foreclosed his possibility of joining you in any place but hell and you are destroying our mother , leaving her there to be tortured throughout eternity by father .
i know you think you have questions now , but in time , more important ones will fill their place as the night progresses .
i noticed your dancing partner left you hanging , so i figured i d take her place for a second .
if only i could just stay home and watch one of the movies that oliver and i enjoyed during our infamous movie marathon , drink the vintage wine that he used to share with me , and eventually nod off to dream about the man that bought me that wine in the first place .
gwenn , since you claim your people are too frail to fight if you swear to protect our young then the pixie will die in place of your people .
when the contraction passed he swapped places with the husband , and told him he had to do the hand - holding .
look at it this way , if they get too upset , ill work in your place .
afterwards , he and charlotte switched places .
no one had a facejust handsewn stitches in place of eyes and mouths .
riley : nobody 's taking anybody 's place .
lander , who 'd done the de - horning earlier , now took oscar 's place .
ilona had been having her hair done by fiona at buzz cuts for years and was disappointed that shed sent someone else in her place .
shed decided that it was just as well fiona had sent cassy in her place .
there was no strange man in his place as she had expected .
when kira left , she was pleased to see courtney in a very different state than when shed arrived ; the venom dissolved and in its place , she saw a scared woman , but one given the gift of new life , a second chance .
in her place , a bunch of golden flowers tied together with a teal string rested lightly upon the earth .
it was a fluke i d even seen the watch in the first place , and a part of me had been happy when mak said it did nt have anything to do with malphas .
i m not sure that removing the part of him that s a phoenix , if that was possible , would keep the connection dimmed and she has to take her place as the leader .
with george in place , she was vulnerable .
she smiled and winked and i felt like a jerk for groaning in the first place .
surely , though , he had someone to take his place in emergencies ?
once in place , he took her hand , closing his fingers over it , but not too tightly as to convey any enjoyment .
jesse took the place , and he remained poor for a very long time , but with work at a security firm and extreme frugality he was able to pay his way .
the sun watched her work as it crept to its high place in the sky , and then began its journey back down to the western horizon again .
the pieces began to fall in place and matt realized why she had acted so sketchy when she spoke about college on their first date .
` ` i happen to know an incredible woman who took the broken pieces of her life and built a stronger one in its place . ''
was there ever such a joyless speech deploring modern trends in education , stressing the need for discipline in schools and learning by rote , pleas that so - called creativity never take the place of good old - fashioned basics ?
in its place , reality settled in .
and in the end , you two just might find yourselves trading places . ''
then he turned to the pages that dealt with the investigation of otis timson , wishing he 'd been there in the first place .
the camera faded to black and a new scene emerged in its place , one where jonah was opening his gifts .
the will required stavros to stay out of the spotlight and take his proper place as the face of the theoharis corporate empire .
swiftly she glanced at the board , where canceled had been posted in place of the delayed sign .
the tender , teasing lover of the night was gone , and in his place was someone who sounded like a prosecutor .
all traces of innocence had disappeared and in their place was the most sexually provocative female he 'd ever met .
gradually , over the years , the older places had been torn down and a series of two - story houses and trendy ramblers built in their place .
she laughed when we talked about the homecoming dance , and i finally admitted the reason i 'd asked her in the first place .
she went back to the pills again , accepting the dizziness in place of pain .
in his place , eve certainly would .
and when he killed eve 's mother , he expected eve to step in and take her place in his bed . ''
marlene said , pride evident in her voice as travis took his place on the field .
why would gavin 's parents welcome her to their restaurant when she 'd been the one to trash it in the first place ?
the idea of a green associate handling his clients and trying to take his place burned in his gut .
tony put him in his place , but just found him changing the spices on his own .
julia 's fear was ebbing a bit , allowing her anger to swell in its place .
that was gone from her now and in its place had come a restfulness .
if you 'd rather i was n't , i 'll see if someone can take my place . ''
the anger had faded and in its place julia saw a love and devotion so deep it wounded her .
the outdoor christmas decorations were in place .
` ` as best we ' ve been able to learn , the aircraft carrier nimitz and the carl vinson have traded places .
you heard me right , brian and carol , traded places .
i truly hoped one day soon someone would put royce powell in his place .
things began to click into place .
` ` i ' m taking her place , '' the man said , excitement bubbling from him as he fingered the necklace hanging around his neck .
this pregnancy was n't supposed to have happened , and sometimes , in his blackest moods , he found himself wondering whether it was the universe 's way of paying him back for breaking the rules in the first place .
suffering through his deterioration , inheriting his title and eventually taking his place as duke had been far from easy for anthony .
surely she 'd be safer at his side than alone in a hell full of foxed men and loose women , not to mention the unpleasant thought of what else solange might say to her if he was n't there to put her in her place .
hawkins and laura both offered to take her place a few times , but she shooed them away .
there was another show in its place , a syndicated show , where people called in with their love stories , and the host , a woman named alexis , chose the song for them .
i do n't remember giving either of you permission to put one in my place . ''
it fell into place then .
` ` then maybe she should n't have borrowed the money in the first place . ''
then some things fell into place for danielle .
in her place stood a vibrant fifty - year - old woman with a stylishly cut blond bob and clothes to match .
it all fell into place then .
samantha thought about why she 'd accepted the invitation to dinner with joel in the first place .
samantha recognized being put in her place .
and the mike changed places with him .
i should have made him tell you in the first place . ''
and in its place came love , a love he 'd never anticipated or asked for .
in the place of his parents .
as the new people got hired and into place , he was only coming in about one day a week .
she was carrying his child and no other man had a right to take his place .
he was never one to run from a confrontation , so he approached the man , who was trying to take his place .
the three of them relaxed since there was a clear plan of action in place .
if he insisted on her being in his place and treating her like a child then he could wait on her , she thought a bit too smugly .
the unfamiliar taking place in unfamiliar surroundings .
everything would fall into place .
three i 'd had big plans for tonight : make dinner , eat dinner together , finally decide which apartment we were going to rent in new york , discuss what to keep from both his place and mine , figure out when in the hell we 'd find time to pack it all in the first place .
` ` you know , there 's a part of me that wants to say none of this would have happened if you were n't so stubborn , and would have just come with me in the first place . ''
with only the vaguest threads of a plan in place , i grimaced , hunching over and pressing a hand to my stomach .
truthfully , i ' m not sure why he even bothered to open it in the first place .
she produces a medium sized butt plug that quickly takes the place her fingers have previously occupied .
i immediately take her place but instead of concentrating my attention on bella 's br**sts , lovely as they are , i resume thrusting first two , then three fingers into her p**sy .
and the rest made sense in the way of the last pieces of a puzzle game falling into place .
he expects that his needs are met , the obvious as the hidden ones alike ; he expects that the top knows just what to ask of him , how far he 's willing to go , he wants to be entertained , challenged , rewarded , and all of that without feeling like he was actually demanding anything in the first place .
such a shame , because i love watching you like this , '' she purrs into my ear , then resumes her place as a spectator .
considering she could n't have said much in the first place with the gag still firmly lodged between her teeth , too large to make even basic vocalization possible , that 's probably a good move .
while gerard and beth switch places she slumps in her bonds , but tenses a little again when she feels beth 's well - lubricated fingers push into her ass .
my anger dissipated somewhat and in its place came a flare of desire .
` ` so you 're always gon na be there to take his place , '' brand adds .
i was pissed at him for trying to help me , but then i was pissed at myself ... because if i was n't so weak , he would n't have had to save me in the first place . ''
but then there would be another one just like her somewhere waiting to take her place .
the snarl left his face and a concerned frown took its place .
the summer room has been completely emptied of sofas and occasional tables , and in their place are masses of round tables , seating between eight and ten people .
she 'd chosen him in the first place for his unavailability .
the music glides between the pores of your skin to bubble through your veins in place of blood , and you ca n't help but clutch the mic with both trembling hands and let the song flow out of you like blood from a wound .
he parked in his spot , immediately noticing amy 's rig parked in her place .
they 're only wishing they could trade places with me , '' he said , while running his lips back up her neck and across her cheek , to the corner of her mouth , where he flicked his tongue out along her bottom lip .
if any of them flirted a little beyond what she thought was appropriate , she quickly put them in their place and things went back to normal .
the pain was fading as pleasure quickly took its place .
i thought you were the ones who hired chad in the first place , '' bree said , her tone full of irritation .
suddenly the fog in her mind began to lift and color filled its place , bringing her lost memories to life .
the kids looked at her , all of them relieved to see her fear dim as anger took its place .
the board wanted to hear from all the players , all those who were up for taking benjamin 's place .
as she stepped inside the plush lobby of the resort , crew was nowhere to be seen , but that was ok with her , because there were plenty of men to take his place .
she did n't realize it , but the only thing he was teaching her was how to love herself - everything else would easily fall into place for her after that .
i sat there , feeling helpless under his gaze , not knowing what to do or why i 'd started doing this in the first place .
none of that takes place here , mind you .
the villain , some insane man with claws in place of fingernails , would walk down the basement steps any moment and find me sitting on the couch , easy prey for the taking .
` ` i did n't want to lose your place .
in their place lay a remote console .
` ` switch places with me ! ''
you would be doing both of us a service should you take edwith 's place .
the maid rushed forward to take the healer 's place , but it required nell 's added strength to restrain helen enough so that the healer was free to begin mixing her salves and ointments .
helen 's excitement died abruptly at her maid 's horrified expression , and melancholy took its place .
it was more than obvious the girl felt her mother should be here in her place .
the two of them should both be here - the mother to heal and to teach mary to take her place , and mary to assist and learn .
helen 's eyes widened , her breathing becoming shallow as she suddenly imagined his head bent to her br**sts , his lips caressing her in place of his hands .
she did n't realize where he was headed until he was there , and then she did n't care as he pressed her thighs further apart and his mouth took the place of his hand between her legs .
` ` she will take her rightful place again , and i wo n't have to go running to her with questions all the time . ''
since hethe had refused to willingly take any sedatives , she 'd had joan give it to him in place of the potion for his aching head that first morning .
another ritual is already in place . ''
she even briefly considered thanking her sister for coercing her into the game in the first place .
she wore a woven leather belt , a green tartan scarf tied around her shoulders , silver earrings , bracelet , and necklace , and carried a suede backpack in place of her airline flight bag .
i knew that if he could ' ve switched places with me , he would have done it gladly .
besides , she suspected tiffany had taken her place at some of those dinners and parties .
the initial rush of panic had subsided and in its place had come this numb sensation , this chilling certainty .
when anne marie got down from the bed , baxter hopped up to take her place .
he 'd practically snatched the book out of her hands , not giving her the opportunity to explain why she 'd taken it in the first place .
we did n't tell him until we had everything in place . ''
he nodded and silently took his place .
zee was already gone and a new fresh face sat in her place .
i 'd be the one taking the heat for letting him have the evidence in the first place .
in their place . ''
it was like ... something i already knew slipped into place .
and through his smug belief that he 'd known what he was doing , that he could keep her safe , colin was responsible for her coming home in the first place .
the vehicle that had been parked beside her was gone , and a pickup truck had taken its place .
you do n't have to go off the deep end , '' he charged , the charming smile vanishing and a scowl taking its place .
` ` dad has to be in europe for some meetings at the same time , or he 'd go , so i have to go in his place . ''
my reading is that sydney was asked to take her father 's place , and she asked a friend to go along for company .
bridget had other duties to fulfill , but another woman had taken her place .
like everyone else at the fog bank , frank larkin watched the nasty little squabble taking place at the bar .
if ryan and faith had been in place , none of this elaborate charade would be necessary , the kidnapping would n't have been necessary .
the biggest problem was that , at the slightest touch , the audio might fall out of place .
just put her on , and save the bitching , unless you want to swap places with me . ''
the lover she 'd been with last night was gone , and in his place was the man rollie had first met , the dangerous loner who 'd kidnapped her .
and then slowly , as the tears fell and dried up , anger began to take their place .
she wanted to thank the other woman for taking will 's place at the gallery so he could escort charlotte to the wedding .
another smile slipped into place as he slowly straightened and leaned toward his desk .
still , it was n't maryellen 's place to step in , especially since jon 's feelings on the subject were this adamant .
` ` roy said it was another piece of the puzzle falling into place , '' grace told her .
bobby knew - and he 'd put christie in her place .
they were sitting at the kitchen table , trying to make sense of what had taken place , when bruce arrived .
he has gone in jem 's place .
` ` once i send my message , we will have only a short time before the consul comes to relieve me of my place . ''
and we shall be bringing on another maid , to take your place , so that your time will be free to prepare for your ascension . ''
` ` and he has no descendants he can beg the consul to appoint in his place .
` ` i shall change into jessamine and go in her place .
` ` why not just steal the human child and leave nothing in its place ? ''
the man died before the wedding could take place .
` ` we are here , '' said consul wayland when he had taken his place before the lectern with the inquisitor seated to his left , ` ` to determine to what extent charlotte and henry branwel have been of assistance to the clave during the past fortnight in the matter of axel mortmain , and whether , as benedict lightwood has put in a claim , the london institute would be better off in other hands . ''
his place is off the hook . ''
the sun had long since made its descent below the buildings , and a full moon had taken its place .
but still , the image of another woman in her place unsettled her .
liam pushed in , taking noah 's place .
in her place stood a vibrant young woman with love and happiness in her eyes .
ryan took his place and slid his hard c*ck into her quivering p**sy .
ryan stopped all too soon , but adam was there to take his place .
three , four , five thrusts , then another would take his place .
then two took the place of one .
in her place stood a strong , confidant woman .
creed 's subconscious pulled out that second shot he 'd heard , the deep boom , and the pieces fell into place .
all she knew was that shy mr . harris seemed to have disappeared as if he 'd never existed at all , and in his place was cal , a shotgun - toting , wound - suturing stranger who looked at her as if he wanted her naked .
as soon as the word slug formed in his mind , he thought ` ` shotgun '' and the pieces of his memory fell into place .
all the pieces snapped into place , and suddenly everything made sense .
when one died , the other took her place , which explains why folks believed marie had power . ''
until tonight , when another man had taken his place .
amusement fled as wariness took its place .
` ` his place . ''
the crystal ball was carefully placed on the shelf , and the box with the cards inside were put in its place .
i wanted to discover where the boy i 'd loved had gone and when this man had taken his place .
nevertheless , having them take the place that i 'd always wanted in edward 's affections made me a lot less enamored of them than he was .
the languid , peaceful feeling fled , and as i paced the room , dragging the end of the bedspread behind me , a buzzing energy took its place .
for nic , curiosity seemed to be taking the place of concern .
` ` if there 'd been anyone willing to take my place , i would have . ''
more tears slid down to take the place of the ones she 'd removed .
but who in hell had transferred it from his account into hers in the first place ?
to drea it had meant a lot ; the plain andie had been left in the dirt , and the fancy drea had taken her place .
it had huge dagger - like teeth , paws as wide as dinner plates with things that looked suspiciously like swords in place of claws .
it took place in a vineyard not far from venice , outside in the fiery light of the setting sun .
what kind of a life did he have not even to trust someone to take medicine that she 'd asked for in the first place ?
asked david as he moved in to take the colonel 's place .
i 'd have done anything to trade places with her . ''
` ` i ' m sure mary would n't have wanted you to die in her place . ''
she would have done anything to trade places with stacie .
he reached over to taylor and wiped the lipstick off his chubby cheek and smoothed his hair back in place .
one of our teams had taken out the real miles gentry , and i took his place . ''
she was supposed to be taking my place about an hour ago . ''
he 'd paid well for it , hiring a man who looked like him to fly in his place and use his credit cards so there were nice , solid records .
grant would have given anything to take her place right now .
he did n't bother with small talk - not with the guy who would likely take his place in isabelle 's bed once he was gone .
he was n't sure how long he was going to be able to stand feeling the way he did now - suffering through this constant , searing pain , like someone had scooped out a big chunk of him and poured in acid in its place .
the way he kept bending his head to mildrede told her the woman was probably explaining what had taken place and what was still to occur .
my place is with you . ''
` ` he 's a scot , and scatchy is getting old , he 'll need someone to take his place and direct his daughter in the stables . ''
` ` i know you would not abuse a woman , but i was just wondering if - i mean , yer no used to dealing with virgins , cullen , and mayhap you were a little less gentle than you might have been , or she was shocked by what ... er ... takes place . ''
the next thing i knew the rumor returned to me with cullen 's name inserted in place of ' a dark man . '
because most of what 's here in front of me was in that song , leaving me to wonder who the hell he wrote it about in the first place .
` ` that 's a shame they do n't have someone who 's willing to take both your places for a little while . ''
i want to tell him he 's the dumbass who came up with this arrangement in the first place , but i choke back the words .
how was i supposed to know the reservations needed to be made in the first place ? ''
in place of her many treasures stood cardboard boxes .
gone was the bette midler mince - step ; in its place , a flowing gracefulness that suggested at least a few years of dance training .
the board of directors would follow don 's directions until new ones were put in their place .
there was a lot coming up and since she was now expected to take her place in the jarrod family , she might as well get her feet wet right away .
he was n't sure how he felt about this new sister taking up a place at jarrod ridge .
she 'd known this confrontation was coming from the moment he 'd realized she was here to speak in uncle art 's place .
` ` you taking art 's place . ''
art and i discussed this , i 'll do it in his place .
will you be available to take her place or should i cancel the appointments ? ''
there were probably several other townspeople who would readily take their place and reap the rewards of investing in jarrod ridge .
` ` your place , '' she parroted back and then could have kicked herself for sounding like an idiot .
` ` my secretary said you needed to speak with me , '' he said , rounding the desk with every intention of taking her place and relegating her to one of the guest chairs .
it had been heather 's place to find trevor after their one - night stand and tell him she was pregnant .
her place to inform him that he had a son after bradley had been born .
he swapped places with me , sidestepping under the shower spray .
he 'd just stepped in and taken dank 's place .
if they would have gone on in the first place then their souls would have been given another body and another life instead of this pointless existence . ''
if that happened then one of them was going up that aisle in her place , offered as a sacrifice at the wedding altar .
all along , even though we were enemies , no one could take tate 's place .
` ` i would never trade places with you . ''
standing in shelby 's place was the boy she 'd sat next to inside the classroom .
one intimidating demonstration took the place of any real instruction .
but steven and i do n't have a system of punishment in place .
` ` -something snapped into place and she did .
what kind of man had taken the place roland never should have left ?
` ` my father has a thousand knights who can take your place .
why should another man take my place when i am young and able ?
` ` i have been sent here to take your place in the campaign . ''
how could he not sense how close roland had come to killing him and taking his place ?
` ` what do you mean , ' in place ' ? ''
after the first sanctuary was destroyed , several others followed in its place , but the qayom malak always remained within them . ''
she waited to feel awkward , guilty for speaking at the funeral for someone she had slain , but in those emotions ' place sat a sense of honor and awe .
some said that humans would soon take the angels ' place .
woods ' face fell some but i knew he would have no problem finding someone to take my place .
his easy smile disappeared and a serious expression took its place .
no matter what happened in their lives , he 'd assumed each held first place in the other 's heart , that nothing could threaten - much less sever - their tie .
in its place , they 'd reached for something else .
maybe i could ride with you and he could take my place . ''
every girl in the laboratory sat on the edge of her stool , ready to take baz 's place .
and because , for the moment , she would n't trade places with wren , even if it meant getting the better umbilical cord .
they stood in your dad 's place .
but when he remembered how he 'd gotten here , that his best friend had been murdered , and that he had been tapped to take his place , nick 's heart ached .
as if anyone could take john 's place .
it wo n't be your place . ''
all nick could think of in that moment was the far more important deal he had made with sam when he accepted the position in the first place - one year in the senate .
when he opened them , malone was gone and skip holland had taken his place .
he and mia had been solidly glued to one another for the past hour , but he grudgingly took a step back and mia smiled radiantly as jace took gabe 's place .
gone was his playful , flirty demeanor and in its place was something altogether different .
preying on a defenseless woman instead of the prick who borrowed the money in the first place .
not when there were only too many women more than willing to take her place .
gone was the gentleness and in its place was a fire that he had n't let out of control in oh so long .
gone was the man who was usually so patient and gentle with her and in his place was a man bent on possessing and consuming her .
on a laugh that held very little humor he said , ` ` i took his place as the loose cannon .
in her place was a woman who made his dick twitch in renewed interest just minutes after coming harder than he could ever remember .
it took ella a moment for everything to click into place .
on kate 's last night in the hospital , tully convinced johnny to take the kids home , and she took his place in the room 's other bed .
i would n't change places with marah for the world .
she had barely taken her place when the door creaked open and paxton walked in .
beside me , the cameraman takes his place .
he took the silver and black skull earring out of his earlobe and put tully 's diamond in its place .
i will dress up , look good , and retake my place in the spotlight .
` ` for every one we take down , two or more pop up to take their places .
you protected maren , but then you could have damn well prevented her being taken in the first place , so do n't expect my gratitude for the weeks she spent in that bastard 's hands , pregnant and terrified .
the blue ring around his pupils shrank , and taking its place was a vibrant red band .
so i offered up my place .
gone is the friendly smile and in its place is a glower .
if so , you might want to make sure he did n't set the building on fire in the first place . ''
the ceremony took place in the guardians ' building , in a large room they used for meetings and banquets .
in their place was the woman he had met three days ago .
in her place was the lost child he 'd glimpsed only once , the little girl searching for comfort in the middle of a storm .
the ironman was gone , and in his place was a man so in love with his woman that she could melt him with a soft look or light touch .
a short time later she reassumed her place at the counter , next to her father .
lots of women will try to take my place . ''
of her for whom my heart now breaks apace ; and very often when i think of death , such a great inward longing comes to me that it will change the colour of my face ; and , if the idea settles in its place .
rather than let it happen , you took my place .
in its place was a large and impressive oil painting of a man and a woman in a passionate embrace .
i want you to know that when we do that , i wo n't try to take the place of your mama . ''
dirty clothing disappears and clean clothing appears in its place .
` ` it 's not something i 'd put in my place . ''
chad in her place was a line she was n't going to cross .
and his assignment was to warm her up , ingratiate himself into her life , and then learn enough about her to see her hanged in his place .
the viscount has offered an exchange - st . john 's freedom for information that would see you hang in his place .
a man who had sought her out with the express purpose of leading her to the gal ows in his place .
as she politely thanked him for the ride , oscar took her place in the passenger seat - well , his place , she assumed .
a cocky grin slid effortlessly into place .
` ` it 's obvious you never expected me to take the place .
the stern un - yielding look slipped back into place .
it was the first date i ever walked out on , feeling like a failure for even going in the first place .
she wanted me to take his place , but i was in way over my head with her . ''
` ` it was n't your place to interfere .
panic and fury took the place of shock .
i dropped the key ring onto the ground , the loud clash against the pavement making me jump , even though i 'd been the one to drop the thing in the first place .
the snake grew and grew , writhing , expanding ; then , in the blink of an eye , sabina stood in its place .
in their place , bowen would have led the hunt to bring patrick back to face punishment from his own clansmen .
take away all the pain and humiliation and shame and , in their place , give her something beautiful .
i am intrigued by it , and by the droplet that arrives to take its place immediately .
taking out this one transplant surgeon only means that others will take his place .
someone else could take my place , but i 'd need to secure our future .
a single small diamond took the place of the number twelve .
in their place were a four - postered bed covered in denim bedding , an antique yellow dresser with blue knobs , and posters of mop - headed boys from teenybopper bands .
what would smitty give to trade places with her ?
odd , because she was n't aware she knew how , but that was exactly what was taking place .
it was almost uncomfortable how beautiful she looked - like a vision , and nicholas worried if he touched her , the dream would somehow fade , and sara would back away slowly and regret her decision to come in the first place .
would their last words really be that he never wanted her in the first place ?
she only remembered bits and pieces of what took place .
the light in her eyes had dissipated , and in it 's place was darkness and pain .
the gown was completely off her shoulders , leaving creamy soft skin in its place .
it seemed he wanted to say something , when he suddenly froze and , in place of his smile , a cool mask of indifference formed across his face .
in its place stood a man who had seen too much in the world and come out the other end damaged , just like her .
but i do have a delightful game to take its place .
the brilliant sparkle was gone and in its place all that was left was pain .
a sense of emptiness overwhelmed her and then a feeling of burning anticipation took its place .
an unbearable temptation to put the girl in her place washed over abigail .
it seemed , in that moment , that the devil of a man was forever gone , and in his place was a man truly redeemed .
a fiery want washed over her - needing him to possess her , she let out a whimper as his tongue took the place of his hands .
in its place a passion and fervor unlike anything he 'd ever known took hold .
` ` ah yes , i believe the lady mentioned something about using the books for kindling in place of wood .
` ` it sounded a much easier way to turn a coin than my usual employment so i helped him into a rum pot and took his place . ''
kharitonov rolled trevelyn into a bear hug in her place .
` ` by giving your place to your brother , i was assured the opportunity to name the most worthy of the two of you to succeed me .
in its place was pure fury .
before he could question me , i blurted , ` ` why did you use a condom in the first place ? ''
` ` if that 's the case , then why did you use a condom in the first place ? ''
` ` i have to go take my place , '' lindsey said , after a few moments .
it ca n't run away with you , if you keep it in its place . ''
in her place was a woman as sensual and powerful as nature itself .
in his place is someone vibrant and alive , someone who smells delicious and is devastatingly sexy .
and my father is sitting in the front of the church , in place of the caskets .
staring at the ceiling , i took a few deep breaths and reality fell over me like a bucket of ice water , making everything fall into place .
georgia was transmitting irritation and frustration so vividly that it was making my head hurt , even with my shields in place .
a look of disbelief took its place .
in its place , his handsome features arranged into a stony mask .
gone was the shy , somewhat awkward young woman and in her place was a lady with all the bearing of a descendent of royalty .
the state of dazed confusion i 'd been in after he 'd brought me to the brink of an orgasm was fading , and anger was taking its place real fast .
no one else is ever going to take her place .
he turned away , the memory abruptly fading as another took its place : sophie looking up at him , her eyes at half - mast and her face flushed with the crimson tide that foretold her orgasm .
grasping the arms of the cool leather chair , she struggled to recall the details of the story he 'd confessed over too much champagne on their honeymoon , and slowly the pieces fell into place .
as his shock slowly subsided , a completely different emotion took its place .
he and renee had traded places .
though the man had been reputedly killed , someone was riding theoceanwavesand continuingto lootthe spanishin his place .
the man was asbigas bull , with hair asred as valoree'sandawicked grinthat almost distracted her fromthe factthat hewas missingone ear andhad a scar in its place that randown tohis chin .
bythe timeshe had recovered and made herway ondeckagain , it was to find that he had taken her place .
jackson elbowedhim aside to take his place .
being blindsided by this thing is way worse than having come out with it in the first place .
and , honey , any man who comes into my place and orders a single malt scotch straight up is swoon worthy , if you ask me . ''
people had expected him to put petunia in her place .
she took the program and slipped into place .
i got ta tell you , the kids in sunday school were totally impressed with my granddaddy for putting miz bray in her place like that .
saving you from making a life - altering mistake is n't my place .
` ` you need to take your place . '
we were never truly apart with the bond , but it could n't take the place of face - to - face communication .
when he finished , alberta took his place .
in its place was a carefully orchestrated set of instructions from his father 's lawyer .
` ` they 'll fire me in a second if they find out that you went in my place . ''
mrs . duhamel shrugged in place of an apology .
in its place was a deep hunger that mirrored her own .
all stephan had to do was wait , and everything would fall into place .
they quickly traded places .
she puts jake in his place now and then , too . ''
until father announced that i would be the one to take his place and called me home .
proximus is hugely successful , and soon i will take my father 's place as king of najriad .
at least then i have my answer and i can go back to focusing on the real reason i came to the united states in the first place .
in her place , her stone - faced father stood in judgment .
his place was in california with jeisa , but he would miss these men .
taking his place beside dominic as they entered the building , marc smiled for the first time that day as he spoke to abby .
she wo n't realize that you took a soul in her place .
father let out an eery chuckle , ` ` i dinna say who woulda take her place , hmmm . ''
he 'd taken wyatt in pagan 's place .
in their place were two large towels , a pair of sweatpants , a sweatshirt , socks , and slippers .
he wanted to shake the life out of her , but then he 'd be left with a much younger tam in her place , a prospect that was less than appealing .
in their place , old stone and brick buildings rose so high they seemed to go forever into the sky , sealing her into a labyrinth she 'd never find her way out of .
the sudden jerk of his heart at sight of the first shooting star - a brief and silent streak of light , startling as though a star had indeed fallen suddenly from its place .
it was with an aching head and dark circles beneath his eyes , but impeccably attired in blue - striped silk and cambric ruffles , that lord john grey took his place by the baptismal font at st . james church next day and received several yards of white satin and mechlin lace , within which he was assured was his goddaughter , lady dorothea jacqueline benedicta grey .
she wo n't come for the table flowers ' til he 's done , and he 's doing de bello gallico ; he never gets past fere libenter homines i d quod volunt credunt without losing his place and having to start over . ''
` ` glastuig , his place is called , '' sir melchior said , leaning back in his chair and unbuttoning the lower buttons of his waistcoat with an absentmindedness born of long practice .
the servants will be in a great taking , and siverly does - did - have a wife , who presumably inherits the place .
a lot of his jealousy for the boy faded away , and a rather poignant pity took its place .
in her place , i do n't know if i could have managed it . ''
for the first time caroline saw joe with horses , and another element of his character fell into place .
my smiling , playful gabriel was long gone as if he 'd never been - leaving an avenging angel in his place .
i did n't have to read so hard between the lines to know that embry had obviously spent time in his place .
fury appeared in its place .
he sighed and then admitted quietly , ` ` i suspect it was richard who died in the fire and george just took his place . ''
` ` i did wonder , but he gained so much wealth when he got rid of you and took your place that he should n't have needed to marry for more . ''
` ` you do realize that if he is george and has taken his brother 's place ... wel , we simply ca n't al ow him to get away with it , '' she pointed out gently .
it simply had n't occurred to her that george could envy richard so much he might kil him to take his place .
it would be assumed that it was he who was dead and he could simply step into my place and become the earl of radnor .
` ` it is someone who knew what george did last year and that he took richard 's place , '' christiana said , her expression thoughtful .
` ` wel , i 'd like to think georgina knows me wel enough that she would know in an instant if someone tried to take my place , even if they were my twin . ''
` ` i ' m sure grace would realize at once too , if a twin tried to take my place , or at least rather quickly . ''
i knew when george hired those men to kil his brother , i knew he then stepped into his shoes and pretended to be him , enjoying his wealth and title in his place .
for a short time i was quite concerned that he may have drunk the master 's whiskey in his place .
for her friends , for her lover , wondering why she could n't take their place .
she had an instinct that nick ryan believed money took the place of emotion , which was a lesson his parents had delivered on a daily basis .
instead , he had what he 'd wanted in the first place .
` ` you should n't have started in the first place .
the knowledge made perfect sense as the pieces snapped into place .
though i ' m sure you found a decent consolation prize in place of the real thing . ''
a family took the place of the couple and crowded in front of the bench .
` ` besides , mama said you can take my place because you have n't served your husband yet . ''
let 's step back , get our footing , and try to focus on why we did this in the first place .
` ` you told bonnie you were stressed and overworked and needed someone to go in your place .
you patted her on the shoulder , told her you were busy , thanked her for going to the party in your place , and left her with a confused expression on her face .
he remembered the little black dress she wore in place of her usual baggy t - shirts that made his mouth dry up .
commanding and confident , he took max 's place and held his wife 's hands .
but it had been critical teddy stay for at least a couple of months to smooth the transition and to allow lucky to find and train someone to take teddy 's place , as well .
and just think , you 'll have someone already in place when you move to new york . ''
` ` do you really think it 's possible for me to find someone else who 's good enough to take her place ? ''
instead of ripping the adhesive away and taking skin with it , he was careful , and jane was torn between gratitude and indignation , since he 'd taped her mouth in the first place .
then the mist had cleared , and cold contempt had taken its place .
another squirm of her nak*d bottom made him wish he could take the place of her chair .
` ` then we will keep as low a profile as possible and continue as we had originally planned once additional staff is in place . ''
and then the pieces of the puzzle slid into place .
her friend 's radiant smile faded and a worried look took its place .
in his place stood a man sexier than any other in le sun casino .
the seductive playboy had vanished , and in his place sat a sharp , decisive , no - nonsense businessman .
` ` i assume you wish me to go in her place . ''
while lady sybil 's having her second bath , be a love and fetch the eggs in my place , wo n't you ?
he might even trade places with the pigeon .
with a shiver , she drew the woolen blanket she was using in place of a bedshawl tighter around her shoulders .
sybil had decided the best way for her to switch places at the ball was to wear jane 's rags there .
he 'd been a fool to think their nonrelationship would fall neatly back into place after friday night .
the fog parted and a piece of her memory slipped into place .
chapter twelve the wedding ceremony took place friday evening in a small san francisco chapel with the pastor from marilyn fredrickson - morgan 's church .
the minute his feet hit the floor , andy was back to whatever it was that had captured his attention in the first place .
the last thing she wanted was for her pragmatic husband to pretend to be mary sunshine , especially when she was fully aware of the fact he did n't want her to take the job in the first place .
the cultured tone was gone , and in its place was something right out of the dukes of hazzard .
` ` picture a barefoot little kid in place of the old guy with the beard , and you ' ve painted it just about right .
` ` matt , maybe you 'd better take the wheel while mom and me are switching places . ''
and do n't forget , i ' m the one who brought you the moose meat in the first place . ''
all that had taken place pre - madeline jarrett .
finally he came up with the story he should have gone with in the first place , if he 'd been thinking straight .
because she 'd expect the relationship to be short - lived , she could prepare for that - assuming she could get charlie to have sex with her in the first place .
he could sure use the scarf right now , but he 'd left it to hold his place .
he said ' t is obvious you have no knowledge of such , and now that you are wife to the laird ' t is time for you to take your place . ''
she quickly dispatched him by thrusting her sword in his chest , then yanked it away and turned , only to find another soldier in his place .
a wife 's place was with her husband .
so much was falling into place for graeme .
father drummond would occupy a place of honor at graeme 's table this night and she was bedraggled , sweaty , and dirty .
your place is with your wife .
she put her gardening supplies away - everything in its place - and paused in her greenhouse .
in his place stood this paler , injured version of her son .
hanging in its place now is a sheet of white paper with one ragged margin .
in their place was a natural beauty , and despite the heavy jacket she was wearing , paul could sense the warm , feminine body beneath it .
still slightly pale , and uncharacteristically fragile in her demeanour , the dowager duchess had , as she had said she would , rallied from her sickbed in order to take her place as hostess of the royston ball .
as she had told him earlier today , her stepfather had kept a fine stable at the country house where ellie had spent much of the ten years of frederick 's marriage to her mother , and she knew exactly what took place when the stallion was brought to the mare for breeding .
gone was the cocky grin that nick usually wore , in its place was a look of concern .
gone was the quiet , shy person and in her place was a lioness protecting her cub .
her teased beehive hairdo was gone and in its place , her brown hair had been straightened and now hung past her shoulders in waves .
jason said he 's flying out tomorrow to take gray 's place . ''
in her place was a woman with a mission .
in her place was the beautiful , sexy , confident woman that he had fallen in love .
gone was the conniving confident reva and in her place was a clingy , needy , emotional basket - case .
he had expected her to refuse to see him , or to be angry , or to storm off or scream at him , but instead she was doing exactly what he would have done in her place .
by the skin of her teeth she 'd escaped it , this diane taking her place .
` ` pills to take the place of a lover ? ''
in its place was a dull , thudding ache .
she knew that he was thinking about the ring she no longer wore - and about the tiny white tan line that remained to mark its place .
no one can ever take her place for me , except you , annie .
he wanted to guzzle this drink and then order another and another and another , until he could barely remember that he 'd loved her in the first place .
once more , she 'd been put in her place .
would liam be taking his place ?
rowdy cassidy was waiting in the wings , eager to step into his place .
a slow , easy smile slipped into place .
he did n't protest , though , and he met jamie 's eyes straight on , as he took his place at the head of the grave .
lead melts suddenly ; one instant , a deformed bullet or a bent button sits in the ladle , whole and distinct ; the next , it 's gone , a tiny puddle of metal shimmering dully in its place .
` ` i must be going in the morning to the cherokee villages , and there is a thing i 'd ask ye to do in my place . ''
` ` until another comes to take his place . ''
but we can find some excuse to put the wedding off ; i 'll speak to jamie- '' but he was shaking his head , a look of sad determination taking the place of tears .
the bee flew off , and i wished passionately that i could exchange places with it .
both mccorkle and the reverend mcmillan had tried to persuade him to return to them the day before , to take his place at the service of ordination .
whether it took place at all might depend upon the efforts of another young man - jamie fraser .
` ` surely you could send someone to calais in your place , if your time is so valuable ? ''
i would have done the same , in her place .
now , thanks to the duke of sandringham 's intervention , jamie had come to take possession of his birthright , and i , my lawful place beside him as his wife .
i would never try to usurp her place ; she had been the axis of the household since the death of her mother , and it was to her that the servants or tenants most frequently came .
her brother hugh , arriving home belatedly and hearing what had happened , had ridden posthaste to glenfinnan to take the chieftain 's place at the head of his men , but jenny had declined to go home and miss the fun .
that 's your place , sassenach .
too busy to travel all the way to edinburgh to meet his intended , he had agreed to come to bellhurst , where the marriage would take place , all parties being agreeable .
i can see you ' ve a kind face , mum , surely you 'd not want to see me dismissed from my place ?
there was little chance that henry of york , charles 's pious younger brother , already bound by churchly vows , would take his brother 's place to continue the fight for restoration .
jamie had seen the possible need for this ; yet he had not executed the document before we left lallybroch ; he had hoped somehow to return , and claim his own place once again .
blearily assenting , i clambered awkwardly over the seat back , changing places with bonnet , and found a place in the wagonbed next to the slumbering form of young ian .
` ` get rid of one tax , and another pops up in its place directly .
he said that some men there , hurried on by the impulses of depravity , would take advantage of this forced situation of the female , and hunt away the male , whereupon they would take his place and enjoy the inhuman embrace of the reptile , which is said to be a most powerful charm for the procurement of rank and riches . ''
he held the cup for me to drink , the blood - warm liquid sliding soft across my tongue , then taking fire as it slid down my throat , burning away the traces of sickness and tobacco , leaving in their place rum 's lingering taste of burning sugarcane .
` ` -surrounded by hector 's old colleagues and comrades , all eager to welcome their friend 's younger kinsman into his place .
i ' m sure he is an honest man and a faithful servant - but he wouldna be human , to welcome giving up his place to a stranger . ''
` ` she would make me heir , but not owner in her place .
for the first time , i felt some small sympathy for jocasta cameron and her desire for an heir ; someone to remain behind , to take her place ; testimony that her life had not been lived in vain .
of recognition as a tiny piece of her past dropped into place .
` ` you 'll maybe know - maybe not - that your father made a deed of sassine before culloden , to give over the place to young jamie , should it all come to smash and he be killed or condemned as a traitor .
the justice arrived and took his place , and the ceremonies of justice being duly performed , the trial began .
his expression did n't change for a moment ; then the words fell into place .
i smiled to myself and resumed my place , picking up the wounded foot and reaching for my long - nosed forceps .
` ` you pointed out the place on my family tree where the substitution was made ; where geilie duncan 's child by dougal was adopted in place of another child who 'd died , and given his name . ''
be master of horse in my place ; i 'll not last so much longer , and there 's no better hand i ' ve seen wi ' a horse . ''
others in the hall had stories to tell , and gwyllyn rested on his stool to sip wine as one gave place to another by the fireside , telling stories that held the hall rapt .
he sank to his knees and put an arm behind the victim 's shoulders , taking the place of the man who had been supporting him .
but then he thought to make inquiries about how jamie came to escape in the first place . ''
we knelt before the wooden altar , murtagh and dougal took their places as witnesses , and the ceremony began .
` ` if ye ' ve worn jamie out a'ready , i 'll be happy t ' take ' is place ! ''
everything happened so fast i could n't see what actually did take place .
a contraction eased , and all at once , everything slid smoothly into place .
when the fairies steal a human child away , they leave one of their own in its place .
if ye leave a changeling out overnight in such a place , the folk will come and take it back , and leave the human child they ' ve stolen in its place . ''
at the far - off slam of the door , i shook myself and stood up to take my place as the lady of lallybroch .
the corner of his mouth stirred briefly and fell back into place .
the soldier looked startled , but i could n't tell whether the cause was fergus 's unique patois , or the sight of the gleaming hook he wore in place of his missing left hand .
jamie swung the heavy cloak from his shoulders and laid it in marsali 's arms in place of the baby .
when we took roger - and left in his place jamie 's dearly loved nephew ian .
` ` i can leave fergus , because of his hand , and mr . wemyss to look after our place .
magistrates were responsible for appointing sheriffs , which explained the connection with the ` ` nasty fat man '' marsali had described , and why father kenneth was incarcerated here - but that left open the question of whether it was the sheriff or mr . lillywhite who had wanted the priest removed from circulation in the first place .
i was a little surprised , but hastily replaced the cup on ulysses 's tray , smoothed back my hair , tucked in my kerchief , and went to take my place at his side .
each glass bottle had been polished to a jewellike gleam - the sunlight caught them in a blaze of blue and green and crystal - but each had been put back exactly in its place , each neatly written label turned forward .
` ` i said to you , sir , that i would come to your place by the new year , and so i mean to .
it reminded me bizarrely of the scottish tales of changelings ; fairy offspring left in the place of human babies .
` ` i ' ve spent the last month here , up to my eyeballs in laundry and baby shit and screeching women and horrible children while you 're out doing ' important things ' and you come marching in here covered in mud and tromp all over the clean floors without even noticing they were clean in the first place !
then he stood upright , and moved to take his place , standing just above the crossed swords .
that word too evaporated , leaving nothing in its place .
` ` and he sought to shield himself , by having roger mac hanged in his place ?
memory was a chancy thing , though , subject to random losses and unconscious conjectures that took the place of fact .
` ` here , you take my place , '' she offered , grabbing her purse , which she 'd thrown over the back of the chair .
angie 's dad had never been interested in taking her places .
ashton invited the sheriff , but he had to cancel at the last moment , so he asked me to come in his place , '' kade said , trying not to roll his eyes at the two women who had him caught like a mouse between two sparring cats .
i thought for sure when i spooked erik 's team and the wagon crashed , i 'd be able to pick up his place for a song .
it must take place today .
his frown disappeared , and the rakish smile he gave her in its place made him look like a swashbuckling pirate .
if anyone should take the blame , he should , for kissing her in the first place .
after that , the puzzle pieces fell into place . ''
valerie had been so intent on offering the carrot without getting bitten that she 'd temporarily forgotten why she was doing it in the first place .
` ` why did dr . roberts create the formula in the first place ? ''
others had metal plates in place of skin .
` ` i ' m , uh , sort of taking your place . ''
he was kicking himself now for switching places with his friend that one night .
it just was n't fair when i was the one who came up with the treehouse idea in the first place .
leif held out his hands and grinned , ` ` my place .
and leif started to open his mouth again when an angry sneer took its place .
jared stood in his place with a bloody fist .
the window wipers danced back and forth , clearing the rain drops long enough to let the next droplets splash into their place .
in his place was a large woman with long , yel ow hair .
melanie : but will you still be keeping your place in seattle ?
he taps the queen and puts her back in her place .
i desperately want to go with remington , but i ca n't ask riley to trade places with me .
he wrenches free of my grip and releases me , almost as if he 's annoyed he grabbed me in the first place .
' when it has taken place we shall all breathe easier . '
though as one fell , another one swiftly took its place .
he would lead them into this war , he would help to see them established , and then he would disappear with aria leaving jack or even gideon in his place .
he 's stubborn aria , he thinks that the vampire lines will accept one of us in place of him , as will the people , but he 's wrong . ''
leah took her place again , working his tip with her tongue .
i was trying to convince myself another man could take your place .
she wept against him , overcome by physical sensation and emotional flood tide , love for chase pounding through her in place of blood , need for all of him firing in place of synapses .
she wept against him , overcome by physical sensation and emotional flood tide , love for chase pounding through her in place of blood , need for all of him firing in place of synapses .
she 'd been shouldering a huge burden at work , taking the place of two people .
the sweet southern belle act was long gone , and in its place was the true bridezilla candace knew she could be .
i 'd have at least gone straight to the hospital like i wanted to in the first place .
in her place was ... satan .
what if the dream of medical school had to trade places with the dream of having children ?
you were relieved when i moved out in the first place .
` ` back home , '' she said dully , in place of none of your freaking business .
he had n't said my place .
the pain had eased and in its place warm euphoria sludged through her veins .
the initial pain had diminished and in its place , a steady , heated throb had settled in .
custom fragrances made with essential oils had been a major gift item during christmas , but so far the same rush had n't taken place for valentine 's day .
she 'd talk to faith today about getting some new ads in place .
in her place stood a fantasy - the seductive , sultry meg previously hidden within the computers at the red doors .
she would have died in diane 's place , if she could have , but no one had been given a choice .
she 'd outraged the clerk at the hideously expensive department store by having the designer 's insignia removed and substituting rome 's initials in its place .
the ice - queen was gone , and in her place was a woman who glowed from his touch .
he 'd been curtailing his traveling , with max often going in his place , but max was on the east coast already when the emer - gency cropped up in los angeles .
` ` for all the reasons i agreed to the marriage in the first place , '' she murmured .
` ` edmund was groomed for his place .
sebastian shot a look at her , saw her blanched features , and felt his mouth fall open as the pieces fell into place .
` ` you are welcome to stay in my home if you like , mr . lambert , but olivia 's place is with her husband .
at least , she 'd know that she was simply taking the place of which ever groupie or groupies who would have been the ones lucky to be alone with gage right now .
kate whispered , staring up at gage as the anger left her , despair taking its place .
she had already found her mate in the form of beowulf , the one he had chosen to take his place as pack leader .
he had n't wanted to find another to take her place , and he never had been one for casual sex .
i 'll gladly do what roxie should have done in the first place .
he did n't want another mate to take alicia 's place .
i thought you were resisting me because you did n't want another to take alicia 's place ? ''
then i 'll return for a time before the marriage takes place and i reside permanently at mcdonald keep . ''
as laird of the mcdonalds , he would take his place alongside ewan in the defense of the throne - and of their own clans .
but even as she spoke , she knew that no one would ever take the place of alaric in her heart .
rionna and maddie took alaric 's place as the men ushered alaric outside the keep .
she has to take her rightful place . ''
she 'd never known him , but she could feel the deep , grinding ache of loss drake felt over his death , the sense of guilt that drake had n't been able to save him - that he had n't taken kevin 's place .
that oddly shaped piece of the puzzle that had never quite fit suddenly fell into place .
he 'd never once shirked his duties or tried to avoid the more dangerous missions so someone else would have to take his place .
in its place was a burning ball of shame and humiliation he could not escape .
she 'd run into his arms and claimed her place beside him willingly .
he had no idea how much sleep she 'd gotten last night , so he did n't want to wake her , but she did n't look comfortable , so he eased the book out from under her cheek and tucked a pillow in its place .
in its place he felt a sense of contentment and purpose .
regardless of whether or not she stayed with him , she 'd wear the luceria and keep him alive until it was her turn to go , or until he found another woman to take her place .
maybe it was time to go to sleep in the chambers beneath dabyr , let another take his place , just for a few years .
slowly , the anger faded and in its place was bleak acceptance .
gone was the frail girl he remembered , and in her place was a healthy , curvy woman .
i 'll send someone to take your place .
i realize this means my life is forfeit , but i ask that you let me help nika find another theronai to take my place before you carry out my sentence . ''
the cold was gone now , and left in its place was a fiery rage .
the manufacturing facility could n't have stayed open without a manager , and there was an endless list of people eager to take her place .
krag could return home and take his rightful place as his father 's heir .
` ` and i will take my place in the war .
whatever had happened to her in those caves had left deep scars , and joseph had no idea if or when they would heal enough for her to take her rightful place in the war against the synestryn .
in its place he planted a false memory of another battle , one in which leonard shot them all down .
he lashed out with his booted feet , but no matter how many he sent flying , there were more to take their place .
as the momentary shock of seeing this creature faded , rage took its place .
and then that sadness disappeared and in its place was anger , rebellion .
the only thing that stopped it all was his touch , and she really doubted that whoever he 'd send to take his place as her guardian would have the same soothing effect .
` ` your place is by my side . ''
toss in the dukedom and there is n't a woman alive who would not kill to trade places with you . ''
in those few seconds their entire relationship had changed , the casually close ties of kinship and childhood becoming the past , while the more intricate , volatile passions of male and female took their place .
in her place was a cool , remote young woman who never hurried , never lost her temper , and seldom even smiled , much less laughed aloud .
it was as if someone had stolen roanna and left a doll in her place .
` ` and let 's get one thing straight right now : i ' m not taking your place , i ' m taking lucinda 's .
now that he knew exactly how it felt to make love to her , now that reality had taken the place of imagination , the temptation was a constant , gnawing hunger that threatened to shred his self - control .
dolphin motioned cole away and then took cole 's place in front of p.j . , talking nonsense and bullshit like it was any other day in the field .
baker also offered his place .
she asked , knowing that something was up for them to switch places so thoroughly .
` ` your place , then .
` ` it 's why i left in the first place . ''
another took his place , and as i moved toward that one , flames lit up around him , making him an easy mark for my stake .
the trouble with women is they never have their priorities in place . ''
they had all the technology available to them , but it would never take the place of their belief in themselves .
my father was giving a speech , and i ' m going to give it in his place .
he was willing to sell the information , but he could n't have had that many men in place so quickly unless he 's been up and running for some time .
vampire representative aron benedek famously described the final document as a ` ` compromise of compromises , '' but in truth the skeleton of the subsequent accords was fully in place with this first agreement .
why would the outspoken , stubborn , courageous young shadowhunters of the mortal instruments series - and the readers who 'd happily switch places with them - so unquestioningly buy into the clave 's brand of absolute authority and the omnipotence of its law ?
i put in place those who are close to me .
one would take her place soon .
i loved della and i knew no one would ever take her place in my heart .
even if we kill him , another will take his place . ''
` ` i was n't slammed with orders in the first place . ''
had he not been here , he would have definitely spent the day with liz 's parents , which was , in all honesty , the main reason he 'd agreed to travis 's request in the first place .
gone was the certainty that had guided them the previous days ; in its place was the reality of what lay ahead for her .
and why in god 's name had gabby wanted them drawn up in the first place ?
he could n't begin to take gabby 's place , and he did n't try ; what that left , however , was a hole where gabby used to be , an emptiness he did n't know how to fill .
it was n't like a new leapster or a dollhouse could take her place .
they always made a special point to mention that chicken was always used in place of red meat , to ensure that travis would eat it .
would she have made the same decision if she 'd known that he would cause her coma in the first place ?
maybe she woke for an instant and was in a coma again ; maybe someone had gotten the information wrong in the first place .
i mean , i leave town for a few days , and the next thing i know , it 's over between us and mike has taken my place . ''
in its place , there was a numbness ; she was n't sure what it meant until she saw the winged angel etched above his name , the one that always reminded her of the letter that had come with singer .
modern forensics had improved to the point where experts could identify minute traces of blood or strands from her hair , and that was the reason he had n't bothered to hide andrea 's body in the first place .
teaches them that even though people are left behind , new ones will inevitably take their place ; that every place has something good - and bad - to offer .
and nothing had been missing , so why would thigh - bolt even have suspected someone had been inside in the first place ?
the scary part was that he could imagine clayton doing any of those things , which was why he 'd gone to see clayton and told him about both the disk and the videotape in the first place .
his mind began to click quickly as the puzzle pieces slid into place .
when he marched through the living room , beth felt some ' thing give way inside her ; fear filled its place .
the compulsion that had driven her here was gone now - she was glad of this - but she worried about the feelings that had taken its place , the stirrings that had begun to sift and swirl in her pores like gold dust in river pans .
passion would fade in time and things like companionship and compatibility would take its place .
she walked back to taylor 's side and took her place , praying that kyle would listen to her .
he knew he could n't take mitch 's place and did n't intend to .
jane and i used to walk and talk for hours , but now there were others who seemed to have taken my place .
` ` then why did she leave in the first place ? ''
soon , everyone was seated and the minister was in place .
the trees grow , mature , die and new ones grow in their place .
instead of reworking the novel , i began writing nights in rodanthe , to be published that fall in its place .
in place of boarded storefronts , he saw sidewalks crowded with women wearing scarves and men wearing hats and children pointing upward at an icicle hanging from a signpost .
sometimes he found it hard to believe that he was really here with her ; on the other hand , it was hard to believe that he 'd ever left in the first place .
the rain had finally stopped , and in its place i could hear the sounds of the radio next door again .
i witnessed the buildings ' collapse and the massive cloud of dust and debris that rose in their place .
gone was the suntanned girl from my wild years ; in her place was a woman dressed in a dark , expensive pantsuit and a silk blouse .
she let the hoof drop , and i took her place , trying again .
we 'd met at a carefree time , a moment full of promise ; in its place now were the harsh lessons of the real world .
he about fell out of his chair when i said i 'd take the place . ''
` ` then why catch them in the first place ? ''
they switched places .
it breaks my heart to know that i ' m going to cause you all such grief , but i do n't know what i can do , other than to remind you of the reasons i fell in love with you in the first place and express my sorrow at hurting you and our beautiful children .
yes , she was upset about the feldmans , but for thelife of her , she could n't remember how the argument had started in the first place .
now , my life is almost over and you are going to take my place .
not because of the letter , she thought , but because she knew that in some inexplicable way , jo was the onewho 'd gently urged her to give alex a chance in the first place .
` ` i ' ve already got people in place . ''
it just kept reminding me of victor 's trial , and the idea that i was now in his place was almost too weird to comprehend .
the woodsman had disappeared , and in his place sat prince charming .
` ` allow me to take the place of your submissive tonight in the public scene .
nora 's irritation vanished ; regret swooped in to take its place .
she was wearing her old apron - the one that said a woman 's place is in the very house ... and the senate .
after all , that was what he would do in his place .
she could n't quite believe that even though he 'd just been struck by a bullet , michael put her in her place .
he had a job to do : that was the only reason why he was even sitting there talking to her in the first place .
you 'll never be able to take her place , but that does n't mean that there is n't space in his heart for you as well .
forcing back the fear and allowing her six - year - long hatred for the man to settle in its place , she made her decision .
he will not dare defy my wishes , and besides , he already knows he 's in trouble for not inviting me to partake in the auction in the first place .
nobody will ever be able to take her place .
after a few moments he carefully withdrew and before she could protest the loss of his warmth and possession , cole was there to take his place , his body blanketing hers as he pushed inside her .
` ` hop up and i 'll get the blindfold in place .
his anger seemed to have faded , and in its place a wary unease shadowed his face .
her legs went limp , and she lay there as chris took rick 's place .
fatigue was gone , and in its place arousal hummed through her body .
his mind tended to wander to more interesting matters , and he soon lost track of what he was supposed to be doing , which led to losing his place in the dance , or worse , trampling on osgoode 's toes .
' t is a wife 's place to please her husband . ''
hisgrin was backin place by the time he stopped before her .
then he had returned as a stranger , and took the place of her spouse .
he was positive that if another female were to take pel 's place he would be laughing now .
when radcliffe turned on her questioningly , she added , ` ` i was recalling on the way here how charlie and i used to switch places all the time .
` ` i did in your place . ''
` ` and charlie went in my place , '' he guessed , taking the note to read it .
this perfect little preacher 's daughter who took her place sucks . ''
i ' m glad you 're here to take my place , '' ashton said , breaking the tense silence .
it would n't take much for them to realize beau had been parked there earlier and now my empty car was in its place .
i remember wishing i could switch places with you when we were kids because you got to play with him and his cousin all the time .
anger suddenly took the place of disappointment and i snatched up the remaining bags and followed him .
because no one would have been able to take amanda 's place , and no one ever would .
the grim expression was gone , and in its place was concern - and love .
he 'd gone away again , leaving a polite stranger in nil place .
jenny wondered vaguely why they were whispering , then saw the bundle of blankets on the floor in tom 's place .
now that duncan had married connor 's sister and been made keeper of dunscaith , ilysa had lost her place .
every day at dunscaith he lived in the shadow of two men - his father , whom he had never been able to please , and his older brother , whose place he had taken .
` ` as ye say , ' t is not my place . ''
thanks to his uncle hugh 's efforts to take his place and tear the clan apart , however , connor understood that he had to earn his men 's loyalty .
` ` i am sorely tempted to toss ye in that cell in my place and throw away the key , '' connor said with such venom that a shiver went up her back .
his anger drained out of him , leaving only emptiness in its place .
` ` pull one and two more appear in its place . ''
but worse than her fear of being without ethan was her fear of him finding out why she was finally agreeing to go to the therapist in the first place .
i pushed myself up , thinking he wanted a hug or something , but then he just spun around , like he could n't remember why he 'd stood up in the first place , and then augustus and i both saw this rage settle into his face .
cassie and brandon flanked them and the beaming minister took his place and launched into the vows .
he was as at home in brandon 's place as brandon was in his .
maybe he was going to boot your sister out of that house in the suburbs , and you 're planning to take her place . ''
summer was cowering by the spindly - legged table that had taken the place of jenny 's mother 's coffee table .
she said , sitting up straight and finally asking the question she should have asked in the first place .
` ` someone must take her place . ''
but the poem was running through her mind , like the tinkling of icy music far away , and the last words fell into place .
the old train ride roller coaster was gone , and there was a mine ride called the pit in its place .
about how her grandfather had been taken in her place .
` ` i ' m so sorry , i ' m so sorry ... . '' it was her fault - he 'd gone in her place .
the mask of icy control was broken , but there was something frightening in its place .
` ` nothing can stop us from taking her - unless someone else is willing to go in her place . ''
someone must go in her place .
` ` well , by all means then , let 's blow this pop stand before mrs . hamilton - reis hangs her bra in place of the flag . ''
she could n't have withstood hearing him say he wanted to stay married for the baby , especially since he 'd only married her in the first place because of an unplanned pregnancy .
but still , eloisa was tossing her clothes into her little bag a lot faster than she 'd put them in there in the first place .
and yeah , he could n't stop the sting of guilt from being here in place of his friend .
` ` what difference does it make where she got off , '' ollie asked , ` ` if she did n't get on in the first place ? ''
gone was the all - american girl he remembered , and in her place was a young woman with a purple streak in her long brown hair , black fingernail polish , and dark clothing .
in her place stood jonah .
in its place was something like a scrawl .
the new crop of sophomore girls fretted endlessly about what everyone else thought of them and how best to fit in as they vied for a higher place in the pecking order .
if it had n't been for marcia , she was n't sure how she could have gotten through last semester at all , and that was reason enough to be grateful she 'd joined chi omega in the first place .
he spins and kicks and shifts direction , and if he throws you , he tries to hook you for even trying to ride him in the first place .
gone were the sewing machines ; in their place were racks of suits , and to someone walking past the shop , it probably looked the same as it did before the war .
it 's easier that way , but i frequently wonder whether i should have ever talked to the journalist in the first place .
gone would be the little girl they remembered ; in her place would be not only their daughter , but perhaps a friend as well .
but every now and then , she had a student who made her realize again why she 'd wanted to be a teacher in the first place .
instead , as if realizing he was free of his rider but angry that luke had even attempted to sit astride him in the first place , the bull turned around , oblivious to the others who were trying to distract him .
the mechanical bull in the barn stayed covered , and another rider went on to the big tour in his place , no doubt dreaming of winning it all .
nonetheless , even she was amazed at how quickly their travel plans fell into place .
gone was the unsure girl , in her place was : ` ` the future duchess of wyndham , or so i ' m told . ''
but i do n't care about everything being in place , and how the hell can anybody know , especially us , if the time 's right ?
the challenge would be to con her into making those moves so she believed it was her idea in the first place .
everything should be in place by then . ''
i hug her and am surprised by how good it feels ... like a puzzle piece falling into place , somehow .
as if to prove her point , the bell chimed twice more in quick succession.no doubt she 'd find another developer on the other side of the door , one who wanted to buy her lot , demolish her old house and build a minimansion in its place as had happened with so many of the neighborhood properties .
the crisp aroma of his cologne had faded and a more masculine , more alluring scent had taken its place .
like her , he jogged in place .
but none of those men had ever been able to take lucas 's place or make the numbness go away .
his fingertips found her entrance , stroked , readied her , and then his blunt tip took their place .
cassie was n't about to be lured away from her duty station until the next person was firmly in place .
it was strange to see faye in diana 's place , standing in front of the group with all eyes on her .
and he killed mr . fogle , the old principal , because he wanted to take his place .
the red candles were gone from the dresser tops ; in their place were stacks of paperwork .
i got my hair wet and switched places with tre so he was beneath the water jet , and i admired the way his muscles moved as he lathered his hair .
the adrenaline washes out of me and leaves a numb feeling in its place .
left in its place is a hole , which is bleeding down his arm and shirt , but he 's alive and breathing and that 's all that matters .
but now i ' m starting to think maybe it was never there in the first place .
that 's probably why he asked me to dance in the first place .
i thought we were heading more in the direction of doing what created our baby in the first place . ''
i ' m glad someone finally put that arrogant wall in its place .
she could very well be scared off by the enormity of taking her place at his side to run a country .
the orgasm sizzled like a flash fire through her system , burning away the mouse she 'd been before and leaving a woman in her place .
she was cool and competent , that flustery feminine energy from before fleeing , leaving a somber woman in its place .
and the pieces fell into place .
he took dane 's place , but leaned toward her , pressing their lips together .
dane had taken lan 's place , and he pushed the plug right against her tight hole .
in the meantime , we want you to look into everyone who knew she would be on that plane , starting with that british a**hole who let her take his place . ''
panic got shoved down in the place of anger .
he got up and allowed cooper to take his place .
the vulnerable girl was gone in a heartbeat , righteously angry female taking her place .
cole stared down at her p**sy , his fingers taking the place of burke 's .
she took her place at the hot dog stand , where the annual staff was already hard at work .
she almost said , you be careful , lauren , but it was n't her place .
the interrogation vanished , leaving in its place a mini - party .
instead , they 'd gotten into a shouting match during which she 'd repeatedly reminded him that she had n't wanted to marry him in the first place .
` ` i should ' ve asked him in the first place . ''
i did n't really notice at the time because her hair was n't as long as mine ; it was only later when all the little details started falling into place that i realized her hair was the same color as mine .
i opened the truck door and slid behind the steering wheel ... and just kept on sliding , pushed by his big body as he forcibly took my place behind the wheel .
i was ready to go back to rosemary and i was ready to have my rush back instead of this angry uptight one that had taken his place .
i need it harder , '' i begged and i watched as the controlled pleasure in his eyes snapped and a wild look took its place .
the pieces mentally clicked into place .
` ` i have no idea how you received another woman 's photograph and resume in place of what i sent .
tony 's motorcycle was gone , and a red mercedes was parked in its place .
knowing how upset catherine had been to have lost so many of her mother 's fragile glass balls , the children had spent the next several days making things to hang on the tree to take the place of those that had shattered .
having taken his place as a philadelphia dunham , robert had refused to permit the moving of their father 's body from the cemetery in the city stephen had never really known , and surely had never loved as he had loved the montana wilderness .
quinn was at once dying to know and sick with the thought of meeting the woman who had , after all , taken her place in cale 's life .
` ` that 's so difficult to understand , why a woman would leave her children _ _ _ '' ` ` it 's probably a lot easier when you never wanted them in the first place , '' he said , his eyes turning grim .
he got a towel from the bathroom , and draped it over her in place of the t - shirt .
the anger fades and misery takes its place .
margie is retiring and a new manager will take her place .
margie confided to me that it would be a proud moment to see ethan take her place .
there seemed to be a collective sigh of relief that a plan was in place .
near the end of the flight , dimitri walked back to where i sat and traded places with the guardian beside me .
after his death , lissa had felt it was her family duty to take his place .
with her pale hair woven into a neat french braid and a suede blazer over her dress , she looked like she could have taken her family 's place on the council right now .
my place was by her side , '' he said simply .
my brain flashed like channels through pigeon porn , and then the whole system crashed , and an infomercial about nobility and not wanting to screw up this weird friendship we 'd just begun appeared in its place .
i suggest you take his place , make my bankroll for me , and i 'll forgive the remaining fifty - one hundred of mick 's debt . ''
` ` i ' m taking his place and in return benny will forgive the last five k mick owes . ''
she 'd put jason in his place today ; maybe it was time to do the same with billy .
after that , she refused to have playmates again lest someone else be accidentally killed in her place . ''
` ` baldulf will take my place briefly , but i shall return to guard you the moment my task is finished , '' he assured her as if she might be concerned about that .
the mother of luvena , the dear childhood friend who had died in her place .
and each time i read that she had died in your place and he was grateful for it , i - ` ` she paused and took a deep breath , then gave her head a shake as if to clear away her anger .
but i set her to work in the kitchen and went in her place .
she died in my place and i have borne the guilt of that for more than ten years .
then , quite suddenly , she learned that i lived , her daughter had died in my place , and i was to marry and be her mistress .
the next you announced you were marrying and hoping to raise a son to take your place .
even at five years old , i knew there 'd never be a girl that could take your place in my heart .
if she could have , she would have suffered the pain in his place .
and this man in his place was a stranger .
the momentary banter drifted away , leaving a tense silence in its place .
knowledge , rightness , and a plan clicked into place in that moment , like the piece of a puzzle that had been hovering just out of reach .
someone who would take her places far beyond the norm , into a realm that would horrify her mother and sicken men like andrew .
before the echo of the last click finished resounding in the room , the sound of his hearty smack on her ass took its place .
not my place to do it . ''
and let him call jack to come and get her and probably spank her ass for running off in the first place ?
fullness took its place .
of course , i would n't have invited some other schmuck to help me f**k her in the first place . ''
he 'd even put gordon in his place .
for putting gordon in his place .
` ` why not find someone else to take his place ? ''
unless , of course , you 'd like to quit the mission and send a more experienced agent in your place . ''
in its place , his fingers slid through the slippery flesh between her legs , hovering near her clit , rubbing all around it , but never over it , never giving her enough stimulation to do anything but make her aware that they held her body - and her pleasure - in their hands .
then came the biggest question : what motive would adam have for killing his mother in the first place ?
the last puzzle piece snapped into place .
a new clawfoot sat in its place .
somewhere between fed up and worried , he 'd climbed into the car and driven across the city through rush hour and road construction to her house - only to find that she 'd moved out months ago and new owners had taken her place .
she loved them both , and having them with her , wanting her , working together to give her pleasure ... the rightness clicked into place .
` ` when you leave chicago on sunday , you'l be in the seat jenny reserved in the first place . ''
if she 'd ranted and raved about her ruined outfit , or if she 'd blamed him for coming up with the stupid cake plan in the first place , he 'd have been able to bury his cravings under the weight of her anger .
maybe it was a good sign that theo had n't come to the store but had sent someone in his place .
she tasted its salty goodness , and another appeared to take its place .
standing in his place , with bits of black fabric clinging to its black fur , was a large wolf .
` ` why were you looking in the first place ? ''
in his place stood a guy who would make any woman 's heart beat faster .
if this had been a movie , roarke would have arrived just at that moment to save the day and put the intruders , whoever they were , in their place .
he was feeling guilty about grandpa earl , so i convinced him to take me in grandpa earl 's place . ''
` ` i ' ve never done it , either , obviously , but as teens we all learned what takes place , so we 'd be ready .
colin took hector 's place on the stone bench .
he could n't decide whether to be flattered that she liked the book so much or depressed because the book seemed to be taking his place very nicely .
you 'll lose my place . ''
she 'd taken her response down but had n't decided what to put in its place .
now that she was bringing in the big bucks , he kept expecting her to tear down that cabin and build a mcmansion in its place .
now she wanted to act as if a bowl of chocolate ice cream would suit her in place of a mind - blowing cli**x .
` ` so it all falls into place . ''
especially 'cause you know that he 's making it sound all wink - nudge when the truth is he 'll probably get home and the two of them will watch a tom hanks movie and then one of them will lie in bed listening to the other one pee and then they 'll switch places and then when the second person is done in the bathroom , the lights will go off and they 'll go to sleep .
i am genuinely sorry that she went to such insane lengths to get me to tell her the truth - we would have been better off if we 'd never been friends in the first place .
meredith 's resolve slipped ; doubt surged up in its place .
mrs . mcgutcheon is taking her place .
` ` my place , '' he said smoothly , having the grace not to gloat .
now liam had stolen her away and taken his place .
` ` oh , quit your bellyaching about how i stole raine from you when you were too daft to make her yours in the first place . ''
hammer 's commanding dom face took its place .
he pointed at an irregular natural path that i recognized as being the one we used to get into the forest in the first place .
` ` what were you doing with the gun in the first place ? ''
although it looked like that might not happen - the roanoke council did remove john and jane from their posts once they revealed where they had sent me and who i was supposed to see , and had appointed gretchen 's dad manfred in their place .
` ` trade places with me , elise .
` ` why are you wearing gladiator sandals in my place ?
do it or we can find someone else to take your place . ''
gone was the seductress , and in her place was the whining woman .
` ` that 's not your place any more . ''
` ` whose place is it , kent ?
your place is by my side . ''
kent 's help and support finally gave her a place .
if this was some kind of act to pay him back for insisting on the fake engagement in the first place ... then he looked into lauren 's eyes .
once in place , aries operatives fulfilled the legacy of their mythological namesake who rescued the persecuted greek twins phryxius and helle .
ethan , your social connections make you the obvious operative to slide in place . ''
the flight back from north carolina with hatch the evening before had been blessedly short and filled with discussion of the security measures in place for the ball .
he scrambled for something to say to give her more of the flowers and stars kind of affirmation he should have offered in the first place .
and no matter how many kingpins conrad took out , another would slide into place .
and in place of the gold lame gown was a little black dress that fairly shrieked , va - va - va - voooom .
tonight , in place of the cool feelings of dejection and abandonment , there was a warm fizzy sensation bubbling up inside her .
because you 're about to take miss january 's place .
immediately , however , two more took their place .
and except for passing out on her in the first place .
in place of gingham , she was wrapped in a snug , sapphire - colored dress and wearing mile - high heels that click - click - clicked on the tile floor as she approached them .
the two of them really had switched places .
she snatched grinning , tawny - haired , totally harmless ken away and settled intense , stoic , facially wounded gi joe in his place .
because where before chloe had been a surly , snide nymphet of indeterminate criminal potential , there was now a quiet , unassuming young woman of almost startling beauty and grace in her place .
as she had done then , however , she immediately masked the fear , injecting in its place a fair amount of adolescent insolence .
` ` in fact , if you want to sit right down at the computer and keep going , i 'll just turn right around and leave , and pretend i never caught you doing something so sneaky and underhanded in the first place .
and instead of some colorless , shapeless dress , she was wearing what lily had always referred to as ` ` leggings '' -and what schuyler had always referred to as ` ` those incredibly erotic things women wear in place of pants '' -and a longish shirt - whose top two buttons were n't fastened , he noted with due interest - in a color reminiscent of a ripe strawberry .
he asked , his sarcasm dying a quick death , his concern rousing completely to take its place .
you 'll find someone to take my place .
in its place burst a bubble of delight that tingled and traveled to fill every empty place inside her .
with another glance at marcus - whose place in this night , in this moment , she still had n't determined - she rose from her chair and moved to the french doors to watch the snow .
there was so little fanfare , in fact , that most of us figured the charges were bogus , just the government flexing its muscle to keep wall street in its place , or that it would turn out with one or two guys getting a slap on the wrist for some minor infractions .
nothing pressing that whoever you hire to take my place wo n't have plenty of time to prepare for .
none of her business if whoever he 'd hired to take her place was n't keeping him on track the way she had .
because by then , he was enjoying himself so much with kendall that he could n't even remember why he 'd wanted a blackberry in the first place .
she 'd drunk a little too much , but it was giving her the courage to do what she wanted to do in the first place .
her belief that he was crazy was beginning to lessen as horror took its place .
they 're all going to be wishing they could switch places with him .
if she 'd known the desperate sound of her voice , she would have put her armor back in place .
he tried telling himself he was only concerned since he was the one who 'd led her to the cafeteria in the first place , but he knew it was a lie .
` ` i was the one who insisted she go there in the first place , '' he replied guiltily .
it took her a moment , but his words finally registered and she stiffened as her satisfied smile fell away and hatred glowed in her eyes before she managed to control it , and plaster a devastated expression in its place .
he would take the failing apartment complex his father had bought and he would rip it down and put in its place something so beautiful , so amazing , so profitable , that his father would have to admit he 'd been wrong about his son .
and in its place was a deep longing in the pit of her stomach .
when she finally let go , the tears were gone , and a watery smile was in their place .
it had a tangy , zestful flavor , and before she knew it , the first one was gone and another one was in its place .
` ` i would trade places with her in a heartbeat if she were injured , and , yes , i would jump onto the course and catch her if i could .
yes , any thoughts of laughter had evaporated - moaning had taken its place .
a distressed look took the place of her curious expression .
now all he had to do was explain why he 'd kissed her in the first place .