as she chewed , she closed her eyes at the delicious combination of chocolate and strawberries danced along her taste buds .
unlike noah 's strawberry blond hair , hers was a deep auburn .
licking across her lips , i found the taste of strawberries suddenly intoxicating .
by midnight , she had the cake frosted and decorated with a raspberry cream filling , a spinach salad with strawberries and warm roasted nuts topped with goat cheese and a zesty dressing , stuffed chicken breasts , a spicy jambalaya with shrimp and sausage and a pasta dish with a vodka cream sauce .
he popped a strawberry in his mouth and chewed , watching her the whole time .
dani only smiled and ate more strawberries , uncaring of the agenda as long as she could eat strawberries for the rest of the day .
dani only smiled and ate more strawberries , uncaring of the agenda as long as she could eat strawberries for the rest of the day .
` ` thank you , '' was all she said , slicing another strawberry to eat .
dani smiled and ate another strawberry .
she said , a strawberry suspended halfway to her mouth .
of all the wonderful scents that arrived , dani was more thrilled than anything when a bowl of strawberries was placed in front of her plate .
the craving for strawberries was too intense .
` ` for instance , i noticed that you were very quiet all through the lunch and only ate strawberries while pretending to pick at your other food .
` ` i 'll have the strawberry salad , '' she said , her mouth watering at the idea of the strawberries and blue cheese on a bed of greens described in the menu .
` ` i 'll have the strawberry salad , '' she said , her mouth watering at the idea of the strawberries and blue cheese on a bed of greens described in the menu .
she looked like an angel with a head full of long strawberry blonde curls and round cherub cheeks .
thinking about the hospital brought my thoughts circling back to the little girl with the strawberry curls and her beautiful mother , clare .
she cried , zeroing in on the chocolate covered strawberries and profiteroles before noticing the best part .
maddie giggled at our childish behavior before digging out an enormous bit of strawberry ice cream and shoveling it into her mouth .
her strawberry blonde curls cascaded down her back in a fiery display , mimicking her mother 's .
there was a bucket of champagne chilling in the corner , and chocolate covered strawberries on the windowsill .
he had woken me up with breakfast in bed , bringing me an omelet with fresh avocado and a side of strawberries from a local farm .
i asked as we roamed around the streets filled with vendors selling everything from kale to nuts to strawberries .
half an hour later celine and kylie were in the kitchen having a breakfast of pancakes , eggs , strawberries and yogurt .
she smelled of strawberries and peaches .
dessert was her favorite - strawberry shortcake .
when storm told us he was bringing a special friend to meet us he demanded that we have strawberry shortcake for dessert . ''
she walked over and laid a bottle of strawberry kiwi juice blend on the table .
it smells like strawberries . ''
` ` oh , a strawberry blonde .
even as he sat staring at the computer screen he could taste the strawberry tips- ridge jumped .
she was pretty , with strawberry blonde hair and green eyes and a smattering of freckles across her cheeks .
she tasted like strawberries and cream , with just a hint of salt from her time in the ocean .
my strawberry blonde hair was pulled back in a neat ponytail but with cute little tendrils that framed my face .
` ` i thought we were saving the private villa with champagne and strawberries for later , but if you want to skip the reception and go do that , i do n't mind , '' he teases .
i could see platters of chocolate strawberries , fresh fruit , finger sandwiches , cheese and crackers , and even what looked like fresh sushi .
an elegant woman with strawberry blonde hair was walking toward the three of us with a big smile across her face .
a tall man with dark hair trailed behind her , stopping to pop a strawberry in his mouth before catching up .
lorelei plucked a strawberry off the table , rolling the fruit on her tongue before taking a bite .
for desert , there was a platter of chocolate covered strawberries ; each hand dipped just minutes earlier and all delightful with the wine .
i said that i was and offered to save a glass of the wine and strawberries for him when he returned .
the strawberry blonde in tight jeans , a small apron , and white t - shirt caught his attention more than anything else .
what he was fantasizing about doing to the pretty strawberry blonde was mind blowing .
her hair was loose , and her strawberry blonde curls flowed down the back of her little black dress .
her strawberry blonde curls were a little untamed , as katherine played with her hair when she was worried or nervous .
the strawberry blonde curls , the green eyes ... ` ` daniel , is it katherine ? ''
her strawberry blonde hair on the baby blue coat , her green eyes ... daniel 's breath caught in his throat .
katherine 's strawberry blonde hair was loose and flowed down her pretty baby blue coat .
she found herself at a vendor buying a strawberry italian ice , and continued on her way down seventh avenue .
she never thought she 'd actually see strawberry fields or all the wonders around central park .
the servant arrived with buttered toast and a bowl filled with blueberries , raspberries , strawberries and several other berries she did n't recognize .
it helped that he liked her soft perfume and the strawberry smell of her shampoo .
` ` three cheeseburgers , three strawberry shakes and extra fries as soon as you can get them here , '' she said , adding a smile and a nod towards emma 's blatantly sad features .
manuel was right behind her with two different pitchers of freshly squeezed juice , explaining one was strawberry juice and the other tangerine .
she was focusing on the strawberries , savoring their tart sweetness when she felt something strange and opened her eyes .
she asked , swallowing the strawberry .
he laughed and picked up his fork , stabbing a bright , red strawberry and bringing it to his mouth .
he stabbed another strawberry and brought it to her lips , watching as her pretty , white teeth bit down on the succulent fruit .
for dessert , he pulled out strawberries but he would n't let her eat them alone .
he fed her the strawberries and made her feed them to him , then sucked her fingers of all the juice , making her mouth fall open with her need .
` ` how about a daring strawberry ?
boy can make some mean strawberry and cream crepes . ''
` ` chocolate covered strawberry ? ''
he ate the rest of her strawberry , his lips in the exact spot hers had been .
` ` by the intertwined dogwoods at strawberry grove . ''
local legend claimed that in 1795 , poppy holland had bewitched a visiting preacher with her violet eyes and special brew of strawberry wine .
so , i told him- '' ` ` please say you didn't- '' ` ` we had a furnished room available at strawberry grove - and it included meals , '' her sister finished with a satisfied smile .
she turned left onto strawberry grove lane , the long winding drive welcoming her home .
` ` at strawberry grove , we 're ready twenty - four - seven , three hundred - sixty five days a year , '' she said .
a note partly hidden by a crystal bowl full of strawberries greeted him on the badly cracked kitchen table .
taking a bite of a particularly juicy strawberry , he turned the note over , searching for what he was n't sure .
eating the last bite of strawberry , he threw the cap away and grimaced .
no , she loved all the animals that lived at strawberry grove .
he scanned the road , looking for the small green sign that marked strawberry grove 's gravel path .
` ` the hollands wo n't sell strawberry grove , '' harrison said , his gray eyes emotionless in the candlelight as sasha and jason sat down at the table .
when he got to the strawberry plants , he turned to her .
` ` the witch of strawberry grove .
the cheery home with its white picket fence and carefully tended flowerbeds were the exact opposite of strawberry grove .
no one was at strawberry grove but blackbeard .
` ` an explosion from your greenhouse made strawberry grove catch on fire .
he nodded once and applied the brake as the patrol car slowed and made a left at the intertwined dogwoods that stood behind the strawberry grove street sign .
flames licked at strawberry grove , ravenous as it ate the almost three hundred year old structure .
barbara 's bugs has decided to invest in carolina dreams by providing you with capital to get strawberry grove 's forcing house rebuilt and the plants growing again .
` ` would n't you know it , but the owner of strawberry grove finally got word what was going on , and paid off the back taxes early this morning . ''
she 'd spent the afternoon digging through the charred remains of strawberry grove , hoping to find something worth salvaging .
` ` i know , but she paid off the back taxes , and gave us strawberry grove . ''
` ` we 'll rebuild strawberry grove - so long as you let me do all the decorating . ''
all in honor of mother 's day and ripe strawberries .
there was a strawberry queen , a pie - eating contest , and a strawberry - picking contest .
there was a strawberry queen , a pie - eating contest , and a strawberry - picking contest .
he speared some helpless strawberries .
most likely , this was how strawberry grove had looked when it was first built , before the civil war , by her great - great - great - great grandmother 's lover .
they practically beat down the front door of strawberry grove .
and ... strawberries .
burning down strawberry grove had made summer 's heart dance and sing .
maybe he should take a quick ride down the road , toward strawberry grove , to make sure summer was okay .
rose had n't known the exact day summer would appear at strawberry grove .
` ` i thought you were staying at strawberry grove . ''
only the promise of enough money to live on for years to come had given her extra incentive to burn down strawberry grove and take back the baby she 'd left in her sister 's temporary care .
* * * gabriel squeezed summer 's hand as they stood on the front porch of strawberry grove .
letting out a loud sigh , katrina made her way over to the bar and ordered a strawberry daiquiri .
she did n't add anything after that as she focused on dipping a strawberry in the cream bowl before bringing it in between her lips and taking half a bite .
one waiter left and another appeared with her drink , topped off with fresh strawberries , pineapple and maraschino cherries .
she went for the fruit , devouring the strawberry and savoring every morsel .
an hour later , julian and camille were finishing dessert dishes of chocolate mousse and fresh strawberries .
tasha picked up a few pieces of fruit , mostly watermelon , peaches , kiwi and strawberries , and nibbled on them between sips of the soup .
they feasted on sydney rock oysters , tasmanian salmon and chocolate coated strawberries with king island cream , and were entertained by a live band backing a great singer .
jake waited until the final piece de resistance - dishes of chocolate coated strawberries with clotted cream - had been served before excusing himself from the table and using his cell - phone to give the ' go ' command to the stage - hands whose job was to wheel in the birthday cake .
' hmm ... i think i like the strawberries and cream best . '
then he was back , striding past the chinese screen to the living area , returning a few minutes later carrying a silver tray loaded with an ice bucket containing a bottle of champagne , two flute glasses and a dish of strawberries with what had to be fancy chocolates wrapped in coloured cellophane .
' let me add to the feeling , ' he said , crushing a strawberry into each of the flute glasses , pouring champagne over them , handing her one of the glasses with a very sensual smile .
she nodded agreement , biting into the chocolate filled with strawberry cream .
help yourself to a pastry or a scone with strawberry jam and cream .
having cut the scone in half , liz was conscientiously spooning strawberry jam and cream onto her plate when her ragged nerves received another jolt .
it was teamed with white pants printed with lime green pears , strawberries and mangos - the kind of fun item she 'd never indulged in .
he 'd placed a bottle of champagne and a dish of strawberries in the refrigerator on thursday night , planning ahead to this move with daisy , intending to take her to bed with him after she 'd looked through the apartment .
still smiling , he loaded the bottle of champagne and glasses into an ice bucket , grabbed the dish of strawberries , and carried the lot into the master suite .
a waiter came around with a tray offering replenishments but they shook their heads , knowing there was so much more to taste - fruit cake , scones with and without raisins and an assortment of spreads ; strawberry and rose petal jam , clotted cream , a strawberry mousse and tangy passionfruit .
they were then presented with another plate of wicked temptations : a strawberry dipped in white chocolate and decorated with a gold leaf , a meringue lemon tart , a passionfruit ball with an oozing liquid centre ... more , more , more , and she had to pretend to enjoy it all while her stomach was in knots over ari 's presence behind her .
she twists her body and reaches out to the little cupboard under the drawers of her bedside cabinet and takes out a jar of strawberry jam and a spoon .
he orders the macerated strawberries for dessert .
` ` the last time i was in a play , i was a strawberry in the fourth grade pageant . ''
` ` tell your grandfather i 'll have those strawberries he likes by next weekend . ''
nodding , nicole leaned over connor and dropped a few sliced strawberries onto his high - chair tray .
` ` absolutely , '' griffin said , dropping a couple of spoonfuls of whipped cream onto his own bowl of strawberries .
` ` thanks , '' he said , swallowing the knot of guilt in his throat along with a mouthful of strawberries .
she gave him some strawberries and a small cup of yogurt .
the remnants of their shared feast of strawberry crepes and eggs benedict were on the coffee table .
she glanced at the plump red strawberries in her bowl and set her spoon down , her stomach churning with tension over what she knew would be happening to her an hour from now .
elizabeth handed her basket to her footman and said cheerfully , ` ` instead of tarts i bought strawberries .
chapter 2 charlie took the last bite of the strawberry cereal bar she 'd snagged from the pantry and hightailed it out of the kitchen before her mom could rope her into helping cook dinner .
charlie spread a thin layer of her mom 's homemade strawberry jam on jake 's sandwich then added a handful of chips to both plates before carrying them over to the table .
her mouth tasted like the strawberries she 'd had for dessert .
your mom 's entire strawberry shortcake landed on the dog 's head . ''
he flipped my omelet deftly onto a plate already containing sliced melon and strawberries and set it on the counter .
then he pulled out a bowl of strawberries from the cooler along with a bottle of chocolate syrup .
` ` chocolate - covered strawberries are always a good choice . ''
then i felt the strawberry enter my mouth and i bit into the soft flesh .
we took turns feeding one another with strawberries and before long , we had finished the batch .
the smell of her strawberry shampoo filled the air as he began working it through her tresses .
they spent the next forty minutes in easy conversation as seth grilled chicken and vegetables and sliced strawberries .
i brushed my teeth and applied a thin layer of strawberry lip gloss .
it took me a while to find anyone i knew in the crowd , but eventually i spotted adam sampling - or stealing rather- a chocolate - covered strawberry from a saran - wrapped food tray .
we were going to dip strawberries in melted chocolate , which seemed to be easy enough even for people with our limited cooking experience .
we sat down at the table with a couple of plates , bowl of strawberries and a pan of melted chocolate .
i went first and dipped my strawberry but i got chocolate on my fingers .
he dipped his own strawberry and bit into it while giving me a really hot look .
i picked up another strawberry , dipped it in the chocolate and bit into it .
elizabeth rolled her eyes and slapped his hand as he tried to steal some of madison 's strawberries , then she left the room in search of her granddaughter .
` ` it 's called strawberry fields in memory of john lennon .
ian nodded his head as he bit into a strawberry .
` ` ah well , '' gage said , ` ` i had an allergic reaction to a strawberry i ate earlier this afternoon at the plaza .
i went there for strawberries and cream at lunchtime .
a fresh organic fruit salad and tasty yogurt dip with fresh organic strawberries would have been so much better .
the moment lei 's town car pulled up out front , we were ushered inside a showroom of quiet luxury and served champagne with ripe strawberries .
that mans selling strawberries .
so that he could spoil her with strawberries instead .
early though it was , nicole sat at a veranda table under falling cherry blossoms , absently tapping the tip of a strawberry against her bottom lip and ignoring the steaming tea service and newspaper in front of her .
but here , max slid a strawberry over my chin , sucked off the juices .
we bought fresh ravioli for dinner , as well as plenty of greens , and a strawberry - rhubarb pie for dessert .
i poked at my strawberry basil ice cream while she considered her wasabi / honey longer than she might have a week ago .
now that he was close , he realized she even smelled innocent , like fresh strawberries in a sunny field , or some shit like that .
she dug her spoon into the strawberry scoop at the end of the dish and amended her reply to , ` ` i did so much research before i began to interview you and you ' ve given me so much great stuff ... it should be coming together much more quickly than it is . ''
i needed a strawberry cheesecake ice cream fix .
he tasted like scotch and strawberries and pad thai .
tamara rammed a strawberry into her mouth .
` ` when we get to vegas can you make sure there 's champagne and chocolate covered strawberries in the room for thursday ?
there 's champagne , strawberries , and whipped cream waiting for us upstairs .
` ` so are there really strawberries and whipped cream or did you make that up to lure me to your room and have your wicked way with me ? ''
` ` there are strawberries and whipped cream .
suzanne did , but as she was complying and stepping out of them , she watched him studying the bowl of strawberries and the little fondue pot that she presumed had melted chocolate in it .
` ` i want a strawberry , '' he murmured .
even though she dug strawberries herself , she had no need for one right at the moment .
half sitting up , she watched as he lifted the strawberry he had just dipped into her up to his mouth and bit it , his eyes so dark they were almost black .
he tossed the stem and got another strawberry .
after popping the second strawberry in his mouth , he reached back and dipped his hand in the chocolate .
then she stood up and wrapped her arms around him and kissed him , their mouths a blend of strawberry , chocolate , whipped cream , and sex , a hot rich kiss that made him want to get even closer to her , to get inside her .
and strawberries .
i sit impatiently through three more tastings of mango , strawberries , and more champagne .
when she dug out the strawberry frosted donut , it was like kismet .
i allowed myself a few tears , but i wiped them away as quick as i could , blew my nose and then ate my strawberry frosted donut .
he picked up a strawberry and mashed it in my face .
he kissed me and licked the smashed strawberry from my jaw .
` ` cheese danish , cherry danish , croissant and donut with strawberry frosting and sprinkles .
i was an equal opportunity pastry eater , but the strawberry donut was my first choice , though i was n't going to tell lucas that .
your strawberry donut and coffee are right there and i ' ve already gone through and flagged your important emails . ''
he buried his face in her soft , silky hair , loving the scent of her strawberry shampoo .
there 's a strawberry on that buffet that 's got my name on it . ''
i ' m going to ride the mule so i can save my energy for strawberry murdering . ''
` ` get me some strawberries !
` ` maybe we should go to tony 's room , '' said tim , munching on a strawberry seed .
i hope they have strawberries on the buffet tonight .
if you do this , i ' m going to get you a big , fat strawberry . ''
` ` he 's doing his war cry right now , getting ready to fly right at that key and bring it back to me so we can open this cage and get him some yummy strawberries , right baby bee ? ''
that 's what i ' m talking about , '' i said , bending down to scoop up three strawberries off the floor .
i also transferred the strawberries to spike 's shirt pocket , hoping they would n't get too squished .
after he ate one of the strawberries i found for him , he was fat and happy , his yawns so big they nearly swallowed his face .
cara asks and nibbles a strawberry .
i laughed at her smug little face , smudged with strawberry ice cream , and tackling a new angle on her melting cone .
zara gave me a look of censure and went back to her strawberry ice cream .
robbie 's wife , ellen , had made the prettiest spread for them , iced cupcakes and strawberries , and tea , of course , with milk and sugar .
he moved closer , and i could see that he was holding a bowl full of strawberries .
then he took a strawberry and fed it to me .
i obeyed and felt every tiny sensation as he took a single strawberry , then rubbed it over my cream - covered breast before popping it in his mouth .
` ` but try the strawberry . ''
i squirt some of jamie 's strawberry scented bodywash into my hand and rub it all over myself , including my inner thighs .
another waiter has a basket of all sorts of dippables , ranging from juicy strawberries to tiny squares of cheesecake .
as if to prove the point , i reach for a strawberry , but he gently smacks my hand .
` ` now bite , '' he says , and when i do , i moan with pleasure as the sweet strawberry bursts in my mouth .
i spread some strawberry jam on the croissant and take a bite , surprised to find that it 's warm and flaky and just about melts in my mouth .
i took a moment to compose myself as i shoved the kale , carrots , white tea , cucumber , strawberries , ginger , and spinach into my vitamix , filling it to the top .
she came back with a strawberry popsicle .
she tasted like strawberries , her mouth still cold from the popsicle .
i bet it smells like strawberries .
they had her in an outfit i 'd sent her , a little dress with strawberries all over it .
her nipples looked lividly red in comparison to her white breasts , like juicy , sweet strawberries topping the two mounds of creamy flesh .
he 'd left the kitchen early that night , surprising meg when he turned down a serving of her homemade strawberry shortcake .
she was clean and delicious , tasting of strawberries and champagne ... and elise .
at the back of the plane , a metallic bar boasted sleek bottles of vodka , scotch and other liquors , sturdy tumblers , and a bowl of fresh , ripe strawberries , courtesy of his clients .
` ` we 'll just have to see about that , '' she said , then walked across the plush carpeting to the bar , reached for a strawberry and popped a particularly red and juicy - looking one into her mouth , her lush lips closing around it .
as i crawled into the king size bed , tristan popped a strawberry from his plate into my mouth and followed it with a kiss .
` ` i guess i should have asked if you liked strawberries . ''
making my voice hoarse , i croaked out , ` ` actually , i ' m allergic to strawberries .
a tray of fruit sat next to them filled with every fruit i 'd ever heard of , except strawberries .
she was too excited to eat so we had tropical salads with grilled pineapple and strawberries tossed in romaine with pineapple vinaigrette , topped with blackened mahi mahi .
she watched him open the fridge , fumble inside and when he emerged he was holding strawberries and whipped cream in one hand and a bottle of wine in the other .
coating her nipples a second time , he removed a strawberry from the box and swiped the end of the berry in the cream and held it to her mouth .
gabriel told her the night before he wanted something nice and simple so she was to prepare eggs over - easy , toast with strawberry jam and bacon .
` ` i do n't know if i ' m ready for anything like that yet , '' i said as i stirred my alcohol - free strawberry iced tea .
she was sipping her strawberry champagne , oblivious to the fact that i was only a few feet away , as she listened to the man whispering into her ear .
` ` no strawberries ? ''
` ` strawberries and what else ?
i was cutting her strawberries in halves when she broke into my thoughts .
she looked so smug , so i threw her a piece of strawberry , and much to my awe , the woman caught it with her mouth .
i plucked a strawberry from the top and popped it in my mouth .
in fact , as the night progressed , my focus gradually shifted from the company of friends to the enticing dessert menu , and when the waiter asked if we wanted dessert , i ordered a chocolate and vanilla parfait topped off with strawberries .
` ` berries , '' he pronounce and lifted the dome on a dish full of strawberries and raspberries .
tristan took one of the biggest strawberries and ran it between my legs , popping it in his mouth .
he flicked at the tip of the strawberry with the same rhythm as his tongue would dance on my little erection .
when we make it up to the suite , there are chocolate covered strawberries waiting on the table and a bottle of champagne chilling in a fresh bucket of ice .
as soon as we reach the room and naz opens the door , i see a bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice sitting on the table , a platter of chocolate covered strawberries beside it .
smiling , i stroll over to the table , plucking a strawberry from the platter and holding it up , waving it toward naz as he approaches .
he holds one out to me , keeping the other , as i take a bite of my strawberry .
he steps toward me and i instinctively tense , glass of champagne in one hand and half - eaten strawberry in the other , as he grasps my chin , pulling my face up toward him , his thumb tracing my bottom lip .
` ` enjoy your strawberries , '' he says .
i gape at him until he disappears before eating the rest of my strawberry .
i should drink all the champagne and eat all the strawberries and just say fuck him , the teasing bastard .
she tastes like wine and strawberries .
amery scooped strawberries , honeydew melon , and cantaloupe onto her plate .
` ` because a true strawberry blond is such a unique color .
` ` average - height strawberry blondes of nordic descent with small br**sts and pasty white skin ? ''
or in my case , a curvy strawberry blonde . ''
i do n't know why , but he tasted sweet , like strawberries and wood smoke .
if it did n't , the plate of chocolate covered strawberries we finished our dinner with definitely did .
he set out a container of strawberries , whipped cream , and a small glass jar of gourmet chocolate sauce .
` ` do you like strawberries ? ''
the fresh aroma of strawberries mingled with the chocolate as he rested a piece of fruit on my lower lip .
she just hoped he would n't eat dairy , or shellfish , or strawberries .
her strawberry blonde waves hung down her spine , brushing the dimples above her bare ass when she bobbed her head .
he pressed kisses around the triangle of strawberry blonde hair at the juncture of her thighs .
back at the house , he shoveled in a piece of strawberry shortcake and knocked back a shot of whiskey with cash and colby before returning to the bunkhouse .
the fruit does n't get big , and it tastes like a cross between a blueberry and a strawberry . ''
gavin was back in his seat by the time rory and sierra returned with the strawberry lemon shortcake .
he wrapped his lips around a strawberry on the end of his fork and sucked it into his mouth .
three liters of strawberry soda .
the following night carolyn showed up on time , looking as tempting as strawberry ice cream in a pale pink dress , her hair swirled on top of her head .
she adds a tall glass of orange juice and a jar of strawberry jelly .
even after all these years , she recognized the strawberry bubblegum voice .
oh , the double entendre was thick and made grace want to wrench the strawberry - blond hair out by its roots .
she wrinkled her nose at him as she munched another strawberry .
sunshine laughed again as she leaned over to feed him a strawberry .
` ` you know , talon , '' she said , picking through the strawberries .
if she only knew ... ` ` now , '' she continued , ` ` why do n't you bring ash over to sanctuary tonight and let me make him some strawberry shortcake and cajun hash browns to put some meat on those lean bones of his ?
i do n't know if you like them , but i have blueberry and maple syrup or fresh strawberries if you 'd rather . ''
phoebe 's was golden blond and straight and cassandra had tight strawberry blond curls .
his hair was damp as if he 'd recently bathed and he smelled like strawberries .
` ` the strawberry are the best , though my herbert liked the lemon - flavored . ''
` ` you said to try the strawberry ? ''
one was a chocolate mountain of steaming deliciousness for maris and a strawberry and cream parfait for anachelle whose entire face came alight when she saw it .
kasen 's strawberry blond hair was pulled back into a tight ponytail that curled around the nape of her neck .
` ` for the record , unlike artemis , freya happens to be a strawberry blonde .
kizira put down a strawberry and interrupted .
i think it 's strawberry juice , '' isabelle said .
she wore rainbow - stripe arm warmers and a short - sleeved white t - shirt with a screen print of strawberry shortcake on it .
but isabelle was looking up at him , and her eyes were big and dark , and her lips were slightly parted and the color of strawberries .
he wondered if they would taste like strawberries if he kissed her .
jace shrugged , reached for a strawberry , popped it into his mouth , and sucked the juice off his fingers .
i bet their souls tasted like watered - down strawberry juice - tainted .
a bruise the color of a strawberry circled my throat .
` ` it 's vanilla with strawberry icing .
she smells like strawberries and cream .
i wonder if she tastes like strawberries and cream .
leaning in close to her ear - she smells like strawberries and cream again today - i whisper , ` ` the one on the left may be more your type , though . ''
breaking free of her mouth to shift my attention to her neck , i take my time inhaling that strawberries - and - cream scent as my tongue trails the curves of her collarbone .
she patted my chest with a little smile and left quietly , leaving me to bury my face in reese 's pillow to inhale the scent of strawberries and cream .
` ` two flutes , strawberries , and whipped cream .
we went for a walk , and he held my hand as i devoured a strawberry ice - cream cone .
bow in hair , fresh and fragrant as warm bread , fresh milk , strawberries .
i ate some yogurt and granola and strawberries , drank some coffee , and put on some extra makeup since i was still feeling unhappy in general .
his heart thumped so hard he did n't hear lexi set down the bowl of strawberries at his elbow .
grabbing a towel from one of the patio chairs , he watched rubi fix an empty plate with pound cake , strawberries , vanilla ice cream , and whipped cream , then slide it toward the spot next to her before putting a few strawberries and a dollop of whipped cream on a plate for herself .
grabbing a towel from one of the patio chairs , he watched rubi fix an empty plate with pound cake , strawberries , vanilla ice cream , and whipped cream , then slide it toward the spot next to her before putting a few strawberries and a dollop of whipped cream on a plate for herself .
she put a strawberry in her mouth as she listened , and wes cut into the shortcake she 'd made for him with the side of his own fork .
` ` because that dick made you waste a perfect strawberry shortcake , that 's why . ''
the cup was topped with a layer of granola beneath bright blueberries , strawberries , and mango pieces .
` ` then you 'll love this , '' he rasped before he lost himself in licking strawberry blond curls .
fortunately i had some of my own shampoo and detangler , and i was again smelling like strawberries and oranges .
` ` do we have any more strawberries ?
` ` have strawberries for breakfast , lay out on the beach , maybe do some bikini shopping .
we 'd been here all day , not even breaking for a real meal , though trent had raided the kitchen to bring up cider , sliced apples , and more strawberries .
her mass of strawberry hair was pulled into a high ponytail , the ends curling all the way to her elbow .
surely her hair was n't the sweet color of strawberries .
that fall of strawberry curls was once again in a ponytail , the thick length tumbling over one shoulder .
there was a plate piled high with oranges , strawberries , bananas and melon .
she selected a strawberry and bit into the center , the juice running down her throat and making her moan .
he reached up , tore the elastic from her hair and watched as strawberry curls tumbled over the pillow , spilling around her .
she gathered dishes and cutlery and the appropriate ingredients for an avocado - and - strawberry salad , and all the while she could feel koldo 's gaze on her , two white - hot pings drilling into her back .
beautiful strawberry curls fell in tangles , shielding her br**sts .
he looked down , and saw the spread of nicola 's strawberry curls over his chest .
chocolate truffles , strawberries dipped in cream , peaches , all sprinkled with sugar .
her strawberry blonde hair was splayed over the pillows , a silky , decadent frame of femininity .
her strawberry tresses tumbled to his chest in absolute disarray .
she gripped his shoulders , her strawberry tresses falling like a curtain around them .
i knew i should n't have eaten those strawberries . ''
his decadent flavor instantly consumed her ; he was the finest aged wine , strawberries dipped in the richest chocolate , and as fresh as a newly sprung river .
even laced with anger and annoyance , the sent one 's voice elicited images of strawberries dipped in warm , rich chocolate .
he grinned as he recalled the shock of having salted strawberries , eggshell , and an overload of vanilla on his tongue .
maddox thought anya might have been sucking on a piece of candy , for there was a slurp and a pop and a strawberry and cream breeze .
` ` you smell like strawberries and cream . ''
she had not revealed her luscious beauty then , but her strawberry scent had branded him all the way to the bone .
the thought of being in anya 's presence once more , of smelling her strawberry scent , of caressing her soft skin , both tantalized and tormented him .
the sweetness of her voice blended with the strawberries - and - cream scent she emitted .
she moved her gaze to his massive chest and considered what to do next , all the while sucking on her favorite strawberry lollipop .
but he 'd spun her around , seen the way her glistening red lips parted on a gasp , felt her warm breath on his skin , smelled strawberries and cream , heard his demon purr and had been consumed by the greatest surge of lust he 'd ever experienced .
instant arousal obliterated his anger as strawberry fragrance filled his nose .
he was instantly enveloped by that strawberries - and - cream scent .
she disappeared a moment later , leaving only a cloud of strawberries , cream and smug fury .
something soft brushed his shoulder blades and the scent of strawberries became stronger , filling his nostrils , tantalizing him ; he did n't turn , did n't acknowledge the sensation .
with the sun hitting just behind her , he could see the outline of her strawberry ni**les .
she did n't face him , but withdrew a strawberry lollipop from the link of her belt , unwrapped it and ran her tongue over the tip .
nor did he smell her enticing strawberry scent .
she disappeared , leaving a trace of her strawberry scent .
he could feel her body heat and smell her strawberry scent - his two favorite things , he realized .
i ' ve tried to resist you since the moment i first smelled your strawberry scent , '' he said .
she smelled like strawberries and cream - he recognized that fragrance .
think about the key later , when you are alone and not consumed by the scents of strawberries and destruction .
she still smelled of strawberries and cream , though he had n't seen her with a lollipop .
as he tasted her strawberry flavor , a sense of urgency bloomed .
lowering again , he sampled one strawberry nipple , then the other .
but he did n't think she left right away , because he could still smell strawberries , could still feel her gaze burning into him .
he loved holding her close , her strawberry scent enveloping him .
he buried his head in her neck , inhaling her strawberry scent .
the white - haired goddess of anarchy rushed through the doorway and threw herself into lucien 's now - open arms , her strawberry fragrance drifting on the ever - increasing wind .
nike 's hand fluttered over her heart , her gaze glued to the plate of strawberries and feta .
her strawberry curls were half up , half down , diamonds glittering through the strands .
with that wild fall of strawberry curls ... those take - me - to - bed lips ... she was utter perfection .
and that strawberry hair was a miracle all its own .
she gave a violent shake of her head , those strawberry curls flying .
her strawberry scent wafted to his nose as she tugged him upright , and he nearly toppled .
she hopped from the top of one ice - covered tree to another , strawberry - blond locks blowing behind her .
she nibbled on the end of a strawberry he 'd given her , licked the juice from her fingers .
bottles of flavoring spilled , scenting the air with strawberries and vanilla .
he even smelled like blue , champagne and fresh - plucked strawberries .
of his scent in her nose , champagne and strawberries .
with the threat of dr . roberts looming , john had instructed us to stay alert and not drink anything with alcohol , so jean - luc had ordered me a virgin strawberry margarita .
his notebook had reminded him that my favorite fruit was strawberry .
the liquid is pink - red , like strawberries .
she glanced up from slicing strawberries and set bright green eyes on ryker .
` ` welcome to the family , army , '' she said , then added , ` ` think fast , '' and threw a fat strawberry at him .
the strawberry 's sweet tang burst on his tongue as he surveyed the soaring ceilings , the warm wood flooring .
he slid his arms around lexi 's waist and opened his mouth for the strawberry she offered him over her shoulder .
she offered jax another strawberry .
rubi picked up two handfuls of strawberries and added them to the colorful fruit salad .
rubi glanced outside and slipped a piece of strawberry into her mouth .
` ` where 'd you put- '' his hand appeared in front of her at eye level , holding a perfect , chocolate - dipped strawberry in his palm .
the chocolate shell cracked , and the strawberry burst .
his erection pressed a hard line up the small of her back , and he lifted another chocolate strawberry to her lips .
but she closed her lips around the plump strawberry .
with nathan 's chin on her shoulder , watching her , rachel was hyperaware of every move of her lips , her tongue , her teeth , and simply eating a strawberry had never been so erotic .
there were big tubs of ice cream - chocolate , vanilla , and strawberry - and every topping imaginable .
my real favorite was strawberry , but mint sounded nice .
she scooped the green ball onto a cone and topped it with a pink ball of strawberry , to my surprise .
she says strawberries taste better , even those pale ones you get in the dead of winter .
my strawberry curls hung past my shoulders in perfect spirals .
a young woman with short strawberry blond hair stood behind the counter .
even stranger than the time cimil threw a chocolate fondue party - for the record , there were no strawberries or cake for dipping ; there was only ... cimil .
my mind saw strawberry - blonde hair , angry green eyes , flushed skin , and perfectly pursed lips .
her strawberry blonde hair and smattering of freckles across her face gave her a look that hinted at innocence , but the fire roaring behind her icy blue eyes and the way she held her impeccable body told you she was anything but .
` ` i hope they have a teenage son , '' says caroline , who 's gone back to scraping the seeds off of her strawberries .
` ` strawberry would look rather fetching on me , i think . ''
` ` your hair smells like strawberries , '' he said , and i wondered quietly how he could smell that .
i mean , i knew you fazed out , but it was actually your strawberry shampoo that reminded me i had something to do . ''
` ` so , that was the reason you left school that day - not because of my strawberry shampoo ? ''
it was like hugging myself , with her small frame , skinny arms and the strawberry shampoo she 'd started using since she fell in love with mine .
` ` you smell like strawberries , '' he said , kissing my neck ; his lips were so warm , so wet and so foreign , his breath hot down the curve of my tight shoulder - his teeth grazing the flesh above my artery .
but i was still in gersday , eating strawberry ice cream and walking down a happy street in a city neighborhood where none of the kids did things that made me want to beat them up .
we went to blue marsh dairy and i got a big cone of strawberry and dad talked on his cell phone to a client about a bi - level he was trying to sell .
i am eating a strawberry soft - serve ice - cream cone .
i 'll eat real strawberry ice cream .
an hour later , dee is washing and prepping the strawberries and cherries while jorge melts dark chocolate in a double boiler .
i find myself wishing i were a strawberry .
she popped a fresh strawberry between glossed lips and put on a pair of huge designer sunglasses .
my thin strawberry - blond hair is now definitely more blond than strawberry ; blow - dried out in a full , straight mass .
selecting a small brioche loaf from flora 's bounty , alice cut a few slices and opened a glossy jar of strawberry jam , adorned with a sheet of red - polka - dot paper and a matching ribbon .
and you need someone who can keep you organized , '' she added , playfully tossing a strawberry at him .
alice ate another strawberry .
she was a natural blonde with hints of strawberry and darker tones in her long hair , and it was split into two messy ties just behind her ears .
i take in the sweet strawberry scent from her hair and pat her small back while trying desperately to ignore the hiccup of pain searing through me .
kenny tastes like sugared strawberries , and my dick starts knocking at my jeans .
kenny hikes up on her elbows , her face brightened strawberry red while her teeth tug over her bottom lip .
damn , she smells good - vanilla and strawberries , my favorite combo .
she holds the scent of strawberries , and her neck tastes like cotton candy .
instead , i drop to my knees at the side of her bed like i ' m about to say my prayers and land a series of soft kisses across the back of her neck - her skin tastes sweet like strawberries .
her strawberry blonde hair is rumpled , her mascara is running down her cheeks , but she 's glowing , and that can only mean one thing , she slept with my stepbrother last night .
skyla tastes like strawberries dipped in sugar .
but in minutes gage and i will be perfuming the air with our love - an entire spring meadow , chocolate and strawberries , aloe and tropical sunsets .
i glance up at the strawberry pink sky , the clouds heavy , pregnant with our next storm .
she bites down on her strawberry smile .
he 'll feed her strawberries dipped in chocolate , and they 'll sip champagne .
a strawberry blonde , with her lips painted a cool fuchsia , steps forward .
the strawberry blonde crouches toward me , choking the handle of a frying pan as if she were about to knock me out of the park with it .
so far i have a chocolate cake with the bottom burned and the inside raw with pudding which is technically raw batter , one marble cake with extra crispy crust all the way around , and one strawberry cake that turned out just right - sort of .
i frost and sprinkle the strawberry cake until i ' m about to pass out .
she holds the scent of strawberries and springtime , her bright orange hair hangs almost to her waist .
i head to a table with a row of miniature palm trees set upon it with overgrown strawberries speared into their trunks by way of colorful toothpicks .
i pluck three giant strawberries off the miniature tree in front of me and violently jab the toothpicks back into the trunk .
` ` looks like i just found someone i 'd rather hang out with , '' i say , abandoning the strawberries and walking away .
brielle does her lips , then passes me her strawberry gloss .
` ` i wanted a strawberry lemonade . ''
i live for the trattoria 's fresh squeezed lemonade with tiny bits of strawberry pinched into the glass .
i give a dull smile and smell her pillow , strawberries and a hint of perfume just like her hair .
she pulls me close , and i take in the sweet scent of her perfume , strawberries mixed with sugar .
she lands her soft lips over mine and indulges in a kiss that tastes like cotton candy and strawberries .
just a strawberry daiquiri for me .
` ` a strawberry daiquiri .
it feels smooth , slippery , and i bury my face in it for a minute , taking in its strawberry scent .
the two skanks from ridgewood grab a bunch of bananas and strawberries respectively .
she purses her strawberry red lips , just begging me to take a bite .
i run my tongue over the concoction , and the happy taste of artificially flavored strawberries greets me - not that i 'd know what vodka tastes like .
baya tastes like strawberries dipped in sugar and every good dream i ' ve ever had rolled into one .
my stomach grumbled slightly as i scanned the contents of the cupboards , before walking over to fridge and pulling out the loaf of bread that was sitting in the corner of the top shelf , along with 4 eggs and the jar of strawberry jam .
her hair smells like strawberries and her skin is soft .
` ` strawberries , '' he replies with a straight face .
` ` my turn , '' i whisper , and reach into the basket for another strawberry and offer it to his mouth .
i pull away from him and munch on chocolate strawberries as he pours me a glass of sweet white wine .
she smells like strawberries and cara , her own soft , sweet scent mingling with the berries .
he pops a strawberry in his mouth .
he shrugs and reaches for another strawberry .
her hair smells of her usual strawberries and it 's soft against my lips .
i eat a strawberry .
the waiter reappears with our dessert of strawberry creme brulee tart , on one plate , and two glasses of the eroica ice wine .
i hold a strawberry up to his mouth and he takes a bite , then i pop the rest in my own mouth .
he pulls melons , strawberries , grapes and peaches out of the fridge and i grab a cutting board and sharp knife and get started with my task .
i smirk and begin pulling stems off the strawberries .
he flips the pancakes and i wander over to him with a strawberry , holding it up to this lips .
he lifts me up onto the counter so my feet are dangling , steps between my legs , and puts another strawberry against my lips .
he tastes of strawberries and luke and i moan against his mouth .
grabbing another strawberry , i look in his eyes , bite my lip , and swirl the red fruit around my nipples , making them pucker .
i pull the strawberry up my chest , against my skin , over my chin and push it into my mouth , enjoying the sweet juiciness of the fruit .
i finish stemming the strawberries and move on to the peaches .
he placed an order for a dozen strawberry shortcake cupcakes for saturday .
` ` mmm ... '' sam sighs as she bites into a strawberry cupcake .
* * * ` ` you 'll love the strawberry ones , '' casey assures a customer , carefully placing four of the cupcakes in a white box , her tongue held between her pink lips in concentration .
she shrugs and eyes the strawberry cupcakes .
` ` you can take all of the strawberry ones that are left home with you today , '' i say , earning a big smile .
and '' -i hand casey her box full of leftover strawberry cupcakes- '' she works for cupcakes .
` ` you 're awfully possessive , '' stacy says to mark while nibbling on a strawberry .
` ` strawberries ? ''
` ` do you enjoy strawberries , sweetheart ? ''
` ` just that , '' i reply , and spread strawberry jam on a toasted english muffin .
i add cheese , salami , and strawberries , then shimmy over to my wine rack and choose a bottle of dom 's red , two glasses , and then bounce around the kitchen , singing along with matt .
it was still golden with strands of white but also , unusually , had strands of strawberry blond as well as copper .
this was accompanied by a toast caddy of four half - diamonds of perfectly toasted toast and three small bowls , one of butter , one of strawberry jam and one of orange marmalade .
lots of whipped cream with a hint of strawberries and chunks of moist , rich yellow cake .
her long mane of strawberry blonde hair was out to there and she had more makeup on than i wore on my date with mike .
lorraine was n't a drinker at all , when she came to jandj 's she ordered strawberry daiquiris which was mildly annoying , they were a pain in the ass to make .
meringue , cream and strawberries .
there were strawberries , a bowl of whipped cream and chocolates , as he 'd ordered .
this table was laid with ornate silver , china , a crystal vase holding a single , perfect peach rose and it also held my breakfast which appeared to be french toast dusted with powdered sugar and covered in sliced strawberries , something rich , creamy and yummy - looking oozing out of the middle , coffee , orange juice and a jug of water with actual ice .
it was filled with plates carrying plain , almond and chocolate croissants , a selection of marmalades and jams sitting in little china bowls , a piece of butter moulded into a fleur de lis , a crystal bowl filled with sliced melon and strawberries , a silver coffeepot and two delicate china cups , two stemmed glasses filled with orange juice , a folded newspaper and even a slim crystal vase holding a single red rose .
in a gesture toward confidence - building , she pulled on her favourite nightie , a short , spaghetti - strapped , strawberry - coloured cotton wisp of material with little embroidered peach flowers and peach lace around the hem and neckline .
chapter twenty - five the curse ` ` the royal crescent hotel has confirmed , of course , '' sam was saying , ` ` you 'll arrive in the suite greeted by champagne and strawberries - '' ` ` is n't that a bit trite ? ''
patty says julia loves champagne and strawberries . ''
she was a resolute vegetarian and the first morning she 'd presented him with a breakfast bowl filled with a hideous concoction of organic wheatabix mixed with yogurt , honey and strawberries , he 'd known she was likely not the type to start drinking or taking drugs .
` ` what the - '' gary started to say , stunned immobile , what looked like liks famous strawberry cheesecake ice cream dripping off his cheek and chin .
regardless of the fact that i was wearing nothing but a pair of pajamas ( strawberry colored bottoms with cute powder blue and turquoise retro stars printed on them and a strawberry camisole with turquoise lace ) , i threw open the door and ran , barefoot , to the sidewalk .
regardless of the fact that i was wearing nothing but a pair of pajamas ( strawberry colored bottoms with cute powder blue and turquoise retro stars printed on them and a strawberry camisole with turquoise lace ) , i threw open the door and ran , barefoot , to the sidewalk .
i could make mace breakfasts of eggs benedict and belgian waffles topped with strawberries and whipped cream and homemade blueberry pancakes smothered in warm maple syrup and apple coffeecake with a thick crust of brown sugar crumble ( or whatever ) every morning for the rest of his effing life and it would never make him happy enough to let this shit go .
that got another lip quirk before he answered , ` ` i was thinking croissants , eggs whatever way you want 'em , fresh strawberries , bacon and tater tots . ''
i 'd also fried up some smoky links and cut up some strawberries with the stem still on so i could fan them on the plates , two of which , with mugs of steaming coffee , were on the tray .
after i ate my final strawberry , he took mine and it joined his .
` ` just tell me , my dear , that it does not involve strawberries , and i shall do exactly as you bid . ''
` ` you slipped on a strawberry . ''
` ` i hate blasted strawberries , of course that would be the culprit .
he had been sitting in the corner stewing since daybreak over that wretched strawberry while ambrose and wilde pretended to be helpful .
` ` one can hardly fault the strawberry , '' ambrose argued further .
if she would have merely eaten more strawberries , anthony would n't find the fruit so offensive , and that same fruit would n't have skittered about his boots seeking revenge . ''
` ` has he ever tried a strawberry ? ''
` ` and if i find any sort of strawberry , or heaven forbid , lady burnside in my room when i get there , there will be the devil to pay , i assure you . ''
the only comfort he found was in imagining what would have happened had he avoided that cursed strawberry .
unfortunately , when he thought of her lush red lips , his mind immediately conjured up the image of a lush red strawberry , making his backside throb with pain once more .
perhaps the main character would slip on a strawberry .
` ` may i suggest pelting her with strawberries ? ''
` ` even when it comes in the form of strawberries ? ''
she only wished she had a handful of strawberries to add to the humiliation .
` ` or perhaps after you slipped on an innocent strawberry ? ''
` ` it might be best if i think of you as a strawberry . ''
` ` a bowl of strawberries ? ''
` ` the woman standing next to me who threw the strawberry , perpetuating the entire tragic sequence of events . ''
and if you start disrobing again , i ' m going to paint you with strawberries . ''
death by strawberry .
bridget glanced around the room in scheming defiance until her gaze came to rest on the bowl of strawberries sitting on the table behind him .
then a wonderfully evil thought occurred to her , and she spritzed the envelope with her favorite bottle of strawberry - scented perfume , sealed it , and handed it to the maid with a wide grin .
with the other hand , she reached to his chest to grasp one plump red strawberry and lifted it to her mouth .
somehow , though anthony had hated strawberries all his life , in that moment he was certain- he would never satisfy his craving for them .
boldly , his eyes caressed her body , and with one last show of passion , he leaned in and kissed her roughly on the mouth , sucking the sweetness of the strawberry directly from her flesh as his tongue traced her lips .
` ` it 's possible he thought he saw a strawberry and had a fit of the vapors , '' wilde concurred .
if anthony had any strength left he would have punched wilde in the eye or perhaps pelted him with a strawberry , the deadly fruit .
` ` i 'd wager he 'd do anything to take yesterday back , even if it meant eating a carriage full of strawberries , '' ambrose said .
when the tea was served , bridget studied the bowl of fresh strawberries and sighed .
and then there was the strawberry he held in his hand , elevated as though presenting her with a gift .
the strawberry was shaped as a perfect heart .
` ` obviously , '' anthony muttered as a squashed strawberry fell out of his jacket and tumbled onto the floor .
` ` i thought he did n't like strawberries , '' wilde said to ambrose .
` ` it is by my calculations , '' anthony sat on a nearby chair and cringed when the sticky juice of the strawberry ran down his legs , ` ` that when the lady could find no daggers , swords , or pistols , she became desperate and decided to torture me with my favorite fruit . ''
but i will promise to honor and cherish you , to love you even when you pelt me with strawberries .
uh , i think we know they 're strawberries . ''
just like her favorite ice cream was strawberry , and her favorite books all had creepy vampires and zombies .
i was n't sure if it was because of sexual excitement or just being excited about chocolate - covered strawberries .
luckily , it was a strawberry .
we have strawberry salad , baked potatoes , asparagus , and butter rolls .
` ` she can eat the spinach leaves out of the strawberry salad .
i missed the smell of that strawberry shampoo you always used .
beside the plate was a tiny jug of maple syrup and on the other side a bowl of ripe , red strawberries .
she grabbed a strawberry and pressed it to his lips .
firmly settling her back against the headboard , duncan reached for a strawberry and held it to her mouth .
` ` whipping cream , strawberries ...
perhaps even lead her over to the bed and press one of the ripe strawberries between her lips before urging her back onto the mattress and- there .
he had n't , however , agreed to watching the two painting one another 's toenails while they gorged on chocolate - covered strawberries .
his skin was unblemished and so silky smooth it did n't look real , while his lips were sensuously carved and tinted the shade of ripe strawberries .
` ` i just feel so fortunate for this opportunity , '' karen says as she slices strawberries .
death was something vampires got used to , the scent becoming as familiar as the smell of strawberries or freshly baked bread .
lifting the silver lid , i was greeted with a platter of fresh strawberries and hot muffins .
she retrieved a bottle of strawberry jam and a slab of butter from the ` ` two - door refrigerator , '' which was apparently a cooling closet for food .
his favorite was actually strawberry , something he never admitted until high school , because as a boy , he always ordered rocky road .
he thought strawberry was too girly because it was pink .
by the time she was done lighting the candles , i had already taken out the champagne , the bowl of strawberries and the melted chocolate .
two bottles - one containing champagne , the other containing blood - two glasses , a sandwich , strawberries and a container containing some melted white chocolate .
of course , he could n't really partake of anything but the blood , but that did n't stop him from amusing himself by shoving strawberries coated in sticky white chocolate into my mouth .
` ` you 're so into me ... '' ` ` well , i married you ... '' i shoved a chocolate - covered strawberry into his mouth .
i taste strawberry lip gloss .
instead , they 'd gotten strawberry shortcake .
grayson was about a hundred feet away from the pigpen when he saw something big and pink out of the corner of his eye down by his strawberry patch .
he ran over to the big sow , hollering at her to get out of his strawberries , but the pig was too busy mowing down the neat and flourishing rows of fruit to look up in his direction .
it was as if a rototiller had been driven over his strawberry plants , the very ones he 'd been planning to load into boxes this week for his customers .
he pointed to his obliterated strawberry crop .
she quickly picked up on his plan for that week 's box and they worked silently together to pick the remaining strawberries , artichokes , asparagus , peas , and squash .
even meaner than he 'd been when she 'd accidentally let the pig she 'd nicknamed sophie decimate his strawberries .
` ` you have some strawberry right here . ''
there was a bottle of champagne , two flutes , and a tray of chocolate - covered strawberries .
god , she was so sweet , from the surprise in her big blue eyes when she realized she 'd called his mother , to the fresh scent of strawberries in her hair , to her soft curves in his arms .
` ` my first memories are of digging in the dirt beside him as he planted tomatoes and strawberries . ''
although i ' ve tried the strawberry infusion and it 's awesome . ''
some little chippie with strawberry lip gloss and hello , kitty sneakers really , totally was n't going to fucking do it for him .
when it turned out the vanilla was mia , she had to settle for a trio 'd half gallon that was polluted with strawberry and chocolate .
` ` hey , can you go and get more of those strawberries ?
seventy - one as wrath saw the first of his appointments , beth snuck out into the kitchen and snagged a bowl of fresh strawberries that fritz had bought for her at the local hannaford .
i made him a simple strawberry dip cone - extra tall , because i knew that was his favorite - took his money , and watched him drop his change in my plastic tip jar .
she blew a strawberry , and her bangs blew upward .
` ` what about strawberry ? ''
` ` you like strawberry jam , do n't you ? ''
` ` i love strawberry jam . ''
` ` then you 're my strawberry jammy . ''
` ` i 'll have a strawberry margarita please , '' brigetta laughed .
` ` shall we bring strawberries or grapes ? ''
then i grabbed the strawberry kiwi capri sun packs and some oreo cookies .
` ` and let me recommend the strawberry mule to drink , it is delicious . ''
` ` alcohol and strawberries sound good to me . ''
` ` and by the way , your lip gloss tastes like strawberry milkshake . ''
i sucked on my strawberry lollipop with relish , as only a 6 - year - old could do , anxious for her to let me go and ride my bicycle outside with my friends .
and strawberries , if you want some . ''
i grabbed a wine bottle , opener , and some strawberries from the fridge .
` ` i think mine is chocolate , but i love strawberry cheesecake and mint choc chip as well .
then maybe i 'd buy some chocolate - covered strawberries as well , but i 'd hide them until later on the date . ''
i slurped up the rest of my strawberry shake and she laughed .
xavier was kissing me all over and feeding me grapes and strawberries from his mouth .
the next morning i was too nervous to eat , but calliope made me swallow a piece of toast covered in strawberry jam anyhow .
instead of nougat or strawberry filling , there was green liquid inside , and as it dripped onto the pink tissue , it made a hissing noise i could hear from several feet away .
despite her instructions , preston had brought back doughnuts and waffles , with strawberries and whipped cream , and no sugar - free syrup .
` ` i could get some strawberries to go with it . ''
` ` i like strawberries , '' he said , somewhat mollified .
with strawberry blond hair and hazel eyes , brent was n't quite as handsome as his darker sibling .
he rolled her garbage can to the curb if she forgot to set it out , mowed her lawn when he mowed his , bought enough fresh strawberries to share ( he 'd once overheard her telling her son that she loved fresh strawberries ) .
he rolled her garbage can to the curb if she forgot to set it out , mowed her lawn when he mowed his , bought enough fresh strawberries to share ( he 'd once overheard her telling her son that she loved fresh strawberries ) .
her kids were always excited to see him , but other than those strawberries or something as small as that , she politely declined every gift or invitation .
tomatoes , eggplant , zucchini , watermelon , strawberries .
built in the strawberry hill gothic style , with a little palladian thrown in , its gray stone walls rose several stories high , extending along cliffs that fronted the ocean .
just because someone has never tasted a strawberry does n't mean they wo n't enjoy that first sweet bite . ''
she nibbled on a strawberry from a bowl of strawberries she 'd rinsed earlier .
she nibbled on a strawberry from a bowl of strawberries she 'd rinsed earlier .
the drink looked and smelled like a strawberry smoothie .
` ` can we get a strawberry shake ? ''
david looked in his rearview mirror at jeremy , who was finishing his strawberry shake .
` ` i like champagne , caviar , bacon - wrapped filet mignon , garlic mashed potatoes , maybe some chocolate - covered strawberries for dessert , '' she said , going all out to get back at him for seeing through her so easily .
what about chocolate - covered strawberries ?
` ` well , i ' m afraid we do n't have any chocolate - covered strawberries , either .
and , considering the level of difficulty involved in some of the furniture he made , gabe thought he could handle a few chocolate - dipped strawberries .
it certainly looked that way , but when she moved closer , she could see that he 'd actually been dipping strawberries .
she nodded , grabbed one of his chocolate - covered strawberries , and rushed out the door .
` ` something tells me you 're not talking about chocolate - covered strawberries . ''
` ` i need someone to come over and help me eat all these strawberries . ''
marge over at finley 's said you bought champagne , chocolate - covered strawberries and flowers .
i think there were strawberries in it - my mouth is all tingly . ''
` ` no , the strawberries , '' he said , sticking out his tongue and trying to talk around it .
it did n't taste like tree nuts or strawberries or kiwi fruit or shellfish .
` ` my lips are going numb - were you eating strawberries ? ''
the leg cracked , and the punch bowl went over , spilling a fizzing frozen strawberry and booze tide onto all the food , soaking the cheese and crackers , splashing into the hummus and onion dip , ruining the quiches .
the waffles were crisp on the outside , fluffy on the inside , with a nutella filling and sliced strawberries on top .
it was her strawberry pot from cayn . ''
he 's left notes on napkins , coffee cups , straw wrappers and he even tried to win me over with delivering chocolate covered strawberries one afternoon .
i do n't know if it was the fact that we were exhausting the alphabetically early boys , or whether it was because eve knew my name since i was friends with rachel , but whatever the case , when the rope started turning for me , the strawberry shortcake was sent back to the kitchen , and miss lucy sailed right in .
and for spring , i have to go with strawberry shortcake .
it was n't fancy , no adorable strawberry roses and hotcakes shaped like hearts , but the smile that bloomed made me feel like i 'd accomplished something awesome .
roast beef sandwiches , salad , strawberries , and champagne .
she tasted like fresh strawberries and purity , and good god , that mouth , i could press my own to it forever and never get tired of it .
her cheeks - her perfect cheeks - pinked up like two bowls of strawberry ice cream .
at least the strawberries do a pretty good job of hiding the spinach taste , but i ca n't turn a steak into a drink for her .
the blender whirls , mixing up the banana , strawberries , and protein powder that will be mom 's breakfast .
then i catch the faintest scent of strawberries and relax .
her hair smells amazing , like strawberries with a hint of perfume .
she leans over me to set the soda on the nightstand and i breathe in the scent of her hair , strawberries with a hint of vanilla .
as if they somehow knew that a brief makeup - related thought had crossed my mind , the twins whipped out tubes of lip gloss in synchronized motions , and before i could so much as threaten bodily harm , my lips were pink and shiny and tasted vaguely like strawberries .
that was until he brought out a bag of chocolate covered strawberries .
he grabbed another strawberry and took a bite before feeding me the rest .
i licked my own and tasted the flavor of strawberry .
i want pancakes with whip cream and strawberries . ''
our pancakes came with a mountain of whipped cream , strawberries and blueberries .
he had cut up bananas and strawberries and even had blueberries and cool whip .
he sat down on the edge of the bed and fed me a strawberry .
a strawberry was fed to me , and as i took a bite , the remainder of it slid down between my br**sts and was stuck in my belly button .
the largest strawberry on the tray of fruit was picked up and slowly drug over my hot sex .
i was too big to see what ty was doing , but as i closed my eyes , i could picture how the point of the strawberry spread my lips apart and teased my clit .
a deep moan vibrated off of my sex and the cold strawberry , now filled with whipped cream , entered between my lips again , this time teasing the entrance before coming out and tracing over either side of my lips again .
i was n't sure if it was the texture , but as he drug the strawberry over my clit , i felt like i could explode .
he removed the strawberry and took a bite himself , before lifting it up to my mouth .
i let my tongue slide out of my mouth enough to taste the strawberry , before taking a bite .
he climbed up to my chest and sucked one of my banana covered ni**les into his mouth , while he fed me another strawberry .
a bottle of wine was chilling and chocolate covered strawberries were on the nightstand .
i grabbed a strawberry and fed it to her .
she kissed me with her strawberry lips .
he grabbed the wine and worked to get it open , while i reached over for the tray of strawberries .
she was a nice girl , and with her strawberry blonde hair and pretty blue eyes , she was always getting compliments .
when i was done with lacey , she 'd taste like fresh strawberries and cream and i could n't wait to lick all that flavor off of her .
i climbed back on the bed , eager to spread fresh strawberries in between those sweet pu**y lips .
then i rubbed the strawberry over it again .
i pulled her hand away and looked between her legs while pulling out another strawberry from the bag .
i kept taking turns rubbing the strawberry over her clit and licking it until she cried out loudly in the bedroom .
i f**ked her sweet pu**y with that strawberry and made sure she was watching as i ate it whole .
her skin smelled like strawberries and it made my mouth water .
upon further observation , i realized it was a frozen strawberry .
i opened my eyes and watched joey bringing the strawberry up to my lips .
he pulled another strawberry out of the bag and showed it to me as he focused on my pu**y . i knew it was going to be intense , so i clenched the sheets beneath me as it made contact with my clit .
when i watched him eat that strawberry , i thought i was about to scream out his name .
others clustered around the food table , dipping strawberries and other fresh fruits into a dark chocolate fountain that spewed out a never - ending stream of warm , gooey goodness .
grandma frost stood in front of one of the counters , chopping up dried strawberries and dropping the ruby red pieces into a bowl of cookie dough .
the smel s of melted sugar , sweet strawberries , and dark chocolate blasted into the kitchen , making everything feel warm , safe , and cozy .
instead , the valkyrie stabbed another heart - shaped strawberry on her plate , although she did n't actually eat it .
i did n't have much of an appetite so i just picked at my ambrosia fruit salad drizzled with honey - lime dressing , moving strawberries and kiwis from one side of my bowl to the other , even though it was one of my favorite items on the breakfast menu .
the rich color of the fabric made me long for some of grandma frost 's homemade strawberry ice cream .
arilyn shook her strawberry hip - length hair in mock seriousness .
she stuck with her original order and picked at a ripe strawberry , wondering why she suddenly felt cranky after experiencing a million orgasms .
she 'd dyed her hair from platinum to soft strawberry blond , and it fell in ringlets over her shoulders .
i remember it perfectly , bobby - o : goat cheese omelets and a green salad with preserved pears in balsamic vinegar , strawberries and slivered almonds .
for a few awkward moments , we did n't say anything and i think it struck me then how strange this was , like i 'd slipped into an alternative universe or something , a place where people called mr . anderson by his first name and knew what he liked to eat ( pancakes with strawberries and link sausage ) without having to ask .
one was obviously a grocery list : eggs , strawberries , milk , flour , everything he 'd need for pancakes .
the red would clash horribly with her strawberry blond hair , but she slammed it onto her head anyway .
his eyes landed on a strawberry blonde facing away from him .
he did love strawberry blondes , after all .
her long strawberry blonde hair trailed down the side of the couch , almost touching the floor .
` ` we got some strawberry blonde ale in the back , '' annie said .
a bag of apples and a plastic container of strawberries came up missing .
the smell of strawberries transported him to the happy days when he 'd first met kirsten , his mate , passed long ago now .
after the meal , daniel ordered up hothouse strawberries , which were served alongside a bowl of sweet cream .
daniel plucked up a strawberry , dipped it into the cream , and tilted his head back to bring the confection to his mouth .
he closed his lips over the strawberry , tongue coming out to lick the cream .
he swallowed the strawberry , looked over at violet , and laughed .
daniel dipped another strawberry into the cream .
he held the strawberry out to violet , its peak plump with soft cream .
daniel fed violet another strawberry .
feeling bolder , violet finished her strawberry , picked up another , slid it though the cream , and fed it to daniel .
violet was feeling it now , in the middle of a restaurant , in the middle of a crowd , with she and daniel doing nothing more than feeding each other strawberries .
more strawberries . ''
in a short time , another footman wheeled in a cart with a carafe of clear water and goblets , a bowl of cut strawberries , and another silver bowl kept warm over a tiny flame .
` ` i hope that is n't cream , '' violet said , sitting down to dish out the strawberries .
daniel speared a cut strawberry with one of the tiny forks on the tray , dipped the strawberry into the bowl of glistening , warm chocolate , and lifted the result to violet 's lips .
daniel speared a cut strawberry with one of the tiny forks on the tray , dipped the strawberry into the bowl of glistening , warm chocolate , and lifted the result to violet 's lips .
he speared another strawberry , dipped it in chocolate , and let the chocolate run in a ribbon back into the bowl .
the room was already warm , and violet leaning forward in pursuit of the strawberry made daniel break into a sweat .
violet closed her mouth around the strawberry , her eyes drifting shut .
she finished the strawberry , a drop of chocolate falling to her chin .
violet 's look was still shy , but she forked up a strawberry , covered it in chocolate , and offered it to daniel .
he smiled at violet as he chewed , tasting sweet , bright strawberry and smooth , rich chocolate .
daniel prepared another strawberry , but he held it away as violet reached for it with her mouth .
he let the chocolate snake across her collarbone before he tucked the strawberry between her lips .
as she feasted on the strawberry , daniel leaned down and licked her collarbone clean .
she 'd plucked up another strawberry with her fork while he 'd savored her , and now she loaded it with chocolate .
daniel asked when violet sat back and ate the strawberry herself .
he fed violet the strawberry before he gently lowered her to the sofa and started savoring her .
he tasted the strawberries on her tongue , the dark tang of chocolate .
it came from a strawberry blonde across the room .
sandra laughed , finger - combing her strawberry blonde hair .
the strawberry blonde introduced as sandra asked .
i choked on a strawberry and glared at josh , who shrugged .
molly went back inside to grab a strawberry daiquiri using her cousin 's old i d .
my dad made a strawberry danish for you , the kind with the hawaiian raw sugar on top . ''
i walked into the darkness and feasted on strawberry danish and eggs and ham , stuffing food into my mouth like a starving dog now that nobody was watching .
his friend tending bar had reported that the girl had downed three strawberry daiquiris already .
after all his tough talk when he arrested me about how he wanted me to see something , this is what i had seen : i had seen a city cop herding cows out of the mayor 's strawberry fields and back into the pasture next door .
i did not have time to dry my hair , so i ran a wide - spaced comb through my short riot of strawberry blonde curls and added mousse so it did not frizz too badly in the humidity here .
i had a mass of strawberry blonde curls that the humidity was taking delight in torturing .
` ` it 's strawberry blonde , '' i muttered grumpily , swatting his hand away when he went to touch it again like a little kid .
roshan found a table in the corner and he ordered drinks , a strawberry daiquiri for brenna , wine for himself .
i liked it that the first few pages of the newspaper reported on what was happening in oak hollow - daisy parker delivered a healthy , seven - pound baby boy on sunday ; jeffrey madden pitched a no - hitter at the high school softball game saturday night ; emma watson 's strawberry preserves won first prize at the river 's edge country fair ; ed stefan and laura peterson were engaged .
savanah had ordered a strawberry daiquiri .
rane found a table for two near the back , and after seating savanah , he went to the bar to order their drinks - a strawberry daiquiri for her , a dry red wine for himself .
her hair was soft and smelled of strawberries .
` ` yes , there are some chocolate - covered strawberries for dessert too . ''
i reached over him and found the strawberries .
i took a bite of one of the chocolate - covered strawberries .
the milk chocolate melted in my mouth and mixed in with the juice from the strawberry , creating one of my all - time favorite flavor combinations .
i set aside the stem of the first strawberry .
he handed me another strawberry without taking his eyes off my lips .
wine and chocolate - covered strawberries are great and all , but there 's plenty more . ''
` ` are those chocolate - covered strawberries ? ''
i took a strawberry , more excited about the decadent fruit than the champagne waiting for us .
carly read it over my shoulder , giving me a whiff of her strawberry scent .
the top of the bar was covered with red roses , and in the center was a large plate of chocolate covered strawberries .
if you 're worried about my weight , how about giving me one of those strawberry danishes of yours ? ''
` ` all we need is a bottle of strawberry boone 's , and we could reenact it . ''
i picked up a strawberry .
at molly 's suggestion , i tried the french toast and ordered mine with strawberries .
i already knew i wanted the strawberry french toast again .
brody walked out , taking a bite out of a strawberry pop tart .
` ` they 're chocolate covered strawberries .
after eating three strawberries , i noticed a familiar face heading our way .
she dropped a strawberry from her fruit salad back onto her plate .
my subject was a barmaid , dressed in trailing black with lots of cle**age on display , her ragged strawberry blond hair straggling down her back .
he 's a strawberry blond with blue eyes , and he 's maybe three years older than my twenty - six .
ginger , a pretty strawberry blonde , as dumb as a rock , was still there .
even his tangled halo of strawberry blond hair somehow fit in .
his hair was even more tangled than usual , its strawberry waves standing out in a halo around his narrow face .
she was a thin strawberry blonde with such large boobs that i suspected she 'd had a little augmentation before she was brought over .
remembering kevin 's sage words about beer and wine being considered mighty fine , i unscrewed the cap off a bottle of boone 's farm strawberry hill and started guzzling .
hacking and coughing and choking , i ignored kevin 's laughs and took another sip of that horrible strawberry wine , grimaced , and tried again .
he enjoyed his hamburger helper and green beans and strawberries .
she 's securing felted green leaves around the bun on top of her head , wearing a puffy red strawberry costume with green tights .
it was a short trip , but candace had fun with the kids , and i had fun watching my strawberry go door to door with bailey , helping her fill her bag with candy .
sarcasm drips off drew 's words like chocolate on a strawberry .
like finding your old strawberry shortcake house in your parents ' attic .
her strawberry blond hair is down , curled under at the ends , pulled back from her face with a thick black hair band .
and in my imaginings , the infant is the perfect blend of us : dee 's strawberry blond locks , my hazel eyes .
her strawberry - blond hair is pulled up at the sides , and a shoulder - length veil cascades over her hair like a halo , held in place by a small diamond tiara that sits atop her head .
and i taste strawberry .
the bed is covered in rose petals - that may be overkill , but there is also a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries .
his strawberry blond happy trail was calling out to me .
the smattering of strawberry blond - colored hair tickled my nose as i pressed myself closer to him , snuggling into his chest .
it was everything i 'd be missing every single sunday , and somewhere between the scalloped potatoes and the triple - layer strawberry shortcake , my heart was full to bursting .
` ` i 'll do the egg - white omelet with spinach , tomatoes , and feta , no toast , and the strawberry smoothie , please . ''
her strawberry blond hair was twisted and pinned back , although one solitary piece had marched away from her sisters and now hung in her face .
when she was done with the ice , she went straight for the strawberry soda , and the process started again .
scout , who 'd taken a heartening sip of strawberry - flavored sugar water after relaying derek 's history , released the straw just long enough to snark .
i followed her through it , the smell of chocolate and strawberries and sugar giving way to savory smells .
` ` parker , parker , parker , i love you almost as much as i love strawberry soda .
i stood in front of my open closet in a robe , but glanced back at lindsey , who sat cross - legged on my bed , a bag of strawberry licorice sticks in her lap .
the wals were hung with old - fashioned walpaper bearing cartoonish strawberries .
the hem was dirty , and the hood was puled over her head , but tendrils of strawberry blond escaped .
he 'd left me a second bottle and pastry , and a trio of lusciously red strawberries that made me glad spring was on its way .
she revealed two plump red strawberries , sliced into fans , and placed one atop each ramekin of custard .
` ` a strawberry smoothie .
gran paused and looked up , a strawberry plopping onto the mountain of already cut fruit .
gran had logan busy chopping up strawberries for a strawberry pie , so i figured it was a good time to get away .
gran had logan busy chopping up strawberries for a strawberry pie , so i figured it was a good time to get away .
she winked as she poured what looked like a strawberry mixture into the pie shells .
she smelled good ... like strawberries .
it was sweet and creamy , tasting of strawberry .
yours is strawberry flavored .
i brushed my lips across hers and caught a hint of strawberry .
it was meant to be an innocent , quick touch of lips , but the second i came into contact with her soft mouth and tasted the strawberry on her tongue , everything else fell away .
it was filled with scrambled eggs , bacon , and ruby - red strawberries .
she sat down to a lovely bowl of melon pieces , cantaloupe and honeydew , a few strawberries thrown in .
he rinsed a container of strawberries in a stainless - steel colander .
other smaller strawberries he cut in half , while still others he left whole .
the largest strawberry , the size of a small fist , he left whole as well .
then he thought of the strawberries and champagne and he headed back to the kitchen , even though his mind felt full of clouds .
she leaned to look at the platter and stared at the prettiest arrangement of ... strawberries .
he had prepared her a meal of champagne and strawberries .
he sat down as he had before but this time he scrutinized the platter and picked up a small strawberry , one free of the leaves .
he turned to her and held the strawberry for her to see .
he moved in slowly and as the strawberry touched her lips , he did n't just let it hang there but he held it while she took a bite .
the strawberry was just as he had described , succulent and sweet .
then she saw the strawberry , this one cut in half .
the strawberry was cold and the sensation drew more little ripples down deep inside her .
he rubbed the strawberry well over her nipple then outward to let the juice cover her .
then he put the strawberry to her lips .
she 'd eaten two strawberries , sipped her champagne three times , and the man had made her come .
but will the strawberries be enough ?
you will soon see just how much the strawberries will sustain me .
` ` i 'd like one of the strawberry halves , please . ''
she rubbed the strawberry over the tip of his c**k and then the crown .
afterward , she put the strawberry to her lips and with her tongue pulled it into her mouth .
` ` and i do n't mean another strawberry . ''
thank you for this , for the strawberries and the champagne .
he folded one of the large strawberries into his hand .
she looked down at him wild - eyed , and when he held the strawberry up she gave a little cry .
he removed the strawberry .
he held the strawberry in his left hand high enough that she could see it .
he then he put his mouth around the strawberry .
when he bit the strawberry , the juice flowing down his chin , as he held her gaze and drove into her with his fingers , she came screaming for him , writhing as he pistoned his hand and brought her .
he crossed to the kitchen and washed all the sweet juices , hers and the strawberry , from his hands and his lips .
he knew elise had arrived because the air in the hot , sweaty club suddenly smelled of strawberries , ripe , lush , sweet , juicy strawberries .
he knew elise had arrived because the air in the hot , sweaty club suddenly smelled of strawberries , ripe , lush , sweet , juicy strawberries .
when elise 's strawberry scent once more rolled in his direction , his body reacted , as it always did , as though her scent punched into all his pheromone receptors at exactly the same moment .
by the strawberry wave that hit him , damn , it would n't take much to get her where he wanted her to be .
his body was on fire and her blood tasted of strawberries and wine and woman .
i just wish you did n't smell like strawberries . ''
in addition , her strawberry scent was an olfactory nightmare that kept on giving .
so who the hell was she , this powerful ascendiate , sitting with damp hair , a thin , strappy shirt over her full br**sts , ni**les peaked , her arms clasped around her knees , loosely , like she was doing okay , and shedding strawberry scent ?
hey , what 's with the strawberries ? ''
` ` strawberries , '' he murmured .
` ` sweet , ripe , luscious strawberries , sweet enough to eat .
until he took a breath and a whiff of strawberry scent drove through his nose , straight into his brain , and sent desire once more through his veins and into his groin .
the strawberry scent grew stronger until finally he sat up , then stood up .
when a wave of strawberry flowed over him , he staggered , righted himself , then caught her chin in his hand .
he leaned closed to her neck and sniffed , dragging her scent into his nose , more female this time , less strawberry .
a long ` ` ooooh '' came out of her mouth and her scent rolled now , a heavy strawberry - woman cloud that flooded him and took his mind deeper into an ancient primordial world .
the answering scent of strawberries told the rest of the story .
even though she was drawn to him like cream to strawberries , and wanted to get a fold straight back to second earth ... like now ... she moved forward and extended her hand .
when the subject wore itself out , when there were no more comments to be made , pro or con , medichi served up a massive strawberry cake as well as glasses of dom perignon .
* * * * * * * * * samantha held the fresh , sliced strawberries to her lips , carried there by a fork , and stared at ethan .
she let the strawberries slide into her mouth then chewed , but she 'd lost the ability to taste what had begun as a promising bowl of ripe fruit .
she took her time and placed a slice of strawberry on his tongue .
he could smell her skin , the strawberry lotion she used on her hands , and he could hear her heart pounding anxiously .
the last guy to ask her out was hansen.at the bagel shop , who had expressed interest in her unique mind and her love of strawberry cream cheese .
ethan took a sip of his drink , which looked remarkably like a strawberry daiquiri , minus the cherry .
` ` so cutting the stems off strawberries is more time - consuming than opening up a can of sugary cranberries ? ''
* * * ` ` like this , '' i told tyler and his brothers , showing them how to bring down the knife at an angle to pop the stem off each strawberry .
the strawberries were supposed to be for dessert , served with the shortcakes i had bought .
i popped a strawberry in my mouth .
i have strawberry , too .
` ` warm puppies , strawberry smoothies , rainstorms , warm breezes , pedicures , hot fudge sundaes , good music , laughing , riding a bike without hands , christmas morning ... believe , believe . ''
she grinned at him and pulled out some strawberry jam and darjeeling tea .
sara leaned on the wooden railing and blinked at him , a strawberry smoothie in her hand that she was n't drinking .
swiping her hands across her skin , she took a few cautious steps toward her shorts , hoping she was n't going to inadvertently walk into strawberry .
he could smell her body wash , a fruity strawberry mix that amanda had gotten in their wal - mart spree .
she looked soft and ripe and delicious , like a strawberry straight off the vine .
but her grandmother willie was an excellent baker , and one time when piper was about twelve , she had made a strawberry pie with the fruit from her garden .
all morning piper had been smelling the thick scent of ripe strawberries and sugar .
i can see strawberries ready to ripen , blueberries nearly ready for picking , and a lavender plant blooming .
i think it smells like strawberries .
the ends of her hair flick over my arm and i know she 's real and she smells like strawberries .
licking strawberries and cream off her lightly tanned skin as she writhes beneath me ...
her hair still smells of strawberries and i squeeze her hand and smile to myself .
she asks , putting a strawberry ice cream and a chocolate one in front of us .
` ` i really miss cara 's strawberry ice cream . ''
i breathe in that strawberries and cream scent that 's so lexy .
` ` a strawberry milkshake . ''
i guess that 's why he 's the cream to my strawberries .
i smile as he pulls out the strawberries .
` ` i hope you do n't think i ' m feeding you , '' he mutters , biting into his own strawberry .
i pout , looking at the other strawberry in his hand .
have the huge strawberry . ''
the other is a mix of what looks like every color ice cream holly has in the freezers , layered with strawberry and toffee sauce and topped with biscuit pieces , chocolate chips , and a whole pot of sprinkles .
` ` hi , can i have a large big mac meal with a coke and a quarter pounder bacon cheeseburger but without all the gherkins and onions and a strawberry milkshake ? ''
courtney 's long strawberry blonde hair contrasted with erin 's sleek brown bob .
* * * sunday morning , sophie finished loading the last of the breakfast dishes after the pancakes nanny made for everyone - which translated into a lot of pancakes , topped with bananas and fat strawberries .
madison sealed away the leftover strawberries in a container .
had it only been this morning that they 'd all eaten pancakes with strawberries ?
she scraped back her strawberry blond hair , staring in the gilded mirror .
she forked a strawberry with mangling force , and when he did n't speak , she finally continued , ` ` actually , my mother was an opera singer . ''
something that made him want to share the jacuzzi with her for more than sex , but with champagne and strawberries while her laughter rolled with the bubbles .
she scooped the strawberry shake from the bucket , lounged back and enjoyed the view along with a few memories from their night together that she could n't wait to repeat .
leaning forward , she traded the strawberry shake for the green .
she kicked off her strawberry shortcake tennis shoes , jammed them into an empty cubby and disappeared inside the red , green and blue inflated cavern .
the last of the children dispersed , the storage cubbies holding only a lone pair of strawberry shortcake shoes , specialty laces sporting little green ks , chapter 3 kirstie plopped onto the grass behind the moonwalk , scratching the sore spot on her head .
now she just had to find a way back to her mama and captain bo without getting her favorite strawberry shortcake socks dirty on all the greasy cords and junk .
paige nudged tiny glasses to the center of the end table , right beneath the strawberry shortcake nightlight , and swung her feet up onto the giving comforter .
he slung the strawberry shortcake backpack over his shoulder , and why he managed to make that look sexy , she would never know .
perched on the edge of kirstie 's bed while her daughter snuggled under her strawberry shortcake quilt , paige listened to bo 's guitar through the open window .
kirstie fished under the covers and pulled out her strawberry shortcake rag doll .
tiny arms wrapped around her neck while the sweet scent of strawberry shampoo and healthy little girl swelled her heart .
by the bed , bottled water perched in an ice bucket beside a plate of strawberries and grapes .
his hand rested on her side , his thumb tracing a small strawberry birthmark on the right side of her flat stomach .
a woman with a strawberry birthmark right over the small , undeniable bulge of her belly .
instead , he nudged the open jar of strawberry preserves toward her on the counter .
he watched , could n't take his eyes off her as she savored the simplicity of strawberry preserves with a sensualist 's delight .
laughing , she popped the last corner of her sandwich into her mouth , her tongue swiping a hint of strawberry from her lips .
she dipped two fingers into the strawberry preserves .
brushed her lips once , twice , found more strawberry preserves on the corner of her lips .
mary elise arched on her toes to taste fully of daniel and strawberries and a passion just as vibrantly red .
a warm tickle teased along her stomach , whisper thin and ... smelling of strawberries ?
he 'd vowed no way would he be able to drift off in the water bed scented with strawberries and sex .
she was officially a strawberry addict.the computers hummed reassurance beside her with video views of sunrise filtering over the trees , the marshy beach clear except for the occasional pelican or egret scrounging for breakfast .
the past and present merged in a blaze of reds - her hair , strawberries , blood .
he could hold on to that - especially if she let him keep slathering strawberry preserves and anything else he could scavenge out of the cabinets all over her delicious body .
he breathed in the mix of strawberry shampoo , baby lotion and chocolate .
he rested his cheek on her hair , inhaling the mix of strawberry shampoo , fresh night air and julia .
she twisted to retrieve the toy , pausing to straighten magda 's strawberry jumper and blow a kiss .
magda bolted forward , arms pumping , her strawberry jumper a blur as she sprinted toward gray .
she picked up a strawberry from the side dish of fresh fruit .
` ` hello , '' nicole said , not recognizing the older strawberry blonde with teased hair and wrists covered with bracelets .
the sweet scent of strawberry soap prickled her senses .
he 'd already gotten close enough to smell the lingering fragrance of strawberry in her hair .
hell , he 'd already caught the fragrant strawberry scent he associated with this woman - the one that turned him inside out and made him want more than he could put into words .
she sighed and seemed to go boneless beside him , her hair tickling his nose and the scent of strawberries lingering in the air .
her strawberry scent hit him like a punch in the gut .
he asked , his voice thick thanks to both the womanly feel of her in his arms and the faint scent of strawberry teasing him with every breath he took .
while leaning close and inhaling a fragrant scent that smelled suspiciously like strawberries .
unbidden , he was treated to visions of eating strawberries and champagne directly off her porcelain skin .
i went with a strawberry walnut salad and picked at it .
she 'd never been one of those fairylike girls , the ones who lived on marzipan and the odd strawberry here and there .
he spooned out a huge blob of strawberry jam from an earthen jar , plopping it on a slice of already buttered bread , and folded the bread around the gooey middle .
each had a strawberry on top and they looked quite appealing .
` ` remember when we stole those strawberry tarts from the cook at my father 's house ? ''
a footman brought in a tray of cheeses and fresh strawberries and set it between them .
she still had n't taken a strawberry .
she selected one strawberry and transferred it to her plate .
she turned the strawberry on the plate .
` ` poor man , '' she said , and bit into the strawberry .
he took a strawberry and twirled the stem between his fingers .
he set his elbows on the table , still holding the strawberry , and assumed a solemn expression .
he reached across the table and pressed the strawberry he held against that smiling mouth .
he tossed aside the strawberry stem and folded his arms on the table .
surprisingly sweet , with a hint of lemon and quite possibly strawberries .
he liked being near her , and her bedroom smelled so damn good , like the sweet lemony scent of her hair and the strawberry stuff she lathered on her body .
yep , he 'd fully peeked into her bathroom for confirmation on the strawberry situation .
a short distance away is zoe and the strawberry blonde i saw on the first day of auditions .
her strawberry hair curled around her petite face in delicate ringlets that emphasized her beauty .
in school she 'd smelled of strawberries or apples , depending on which shampoo she was using at the time .
the white of the dress emphasized her creamy complexion , reddened cheeks , and silky strawberry hair .
she sat silently for a long moment , her strawberry colored hair blowing lightly in the breeze .
the picture was a good ten years old , but i had known her then , and the strawberry colored pigtails and bright smile were instantly recognizable .
her rosebud mouth trembled with the force of her exhales , her pale cheeks were flushed with exertion , and her strawberry colored hair was a disheveled mess around her heart shaped face .
jenna 's strawberry hair was also far darker ; she 'd placed it into a braid before going into the dump so it was n't the tangled mess that abby 's and mine was .
she was so beautiful with her hair coming out of that knot , spilling everywhere , her eyes glazed with pleasure , and the marks of his mouth , small strawberry brands , all over her body .
the faint teeth marks and numerous strawberries standing out starkly against her pale skin .
he damn well was n't going to lie to her - not with her stretched out on a table and some son of a bitch photographing the strawberries he 'd put on her inner thighs .
close - ups of the inside of mari 's thighs revealed strawberries and faint teeth marks , marks ken had put there when he was making love to her .
he could see the marks on her br**sts , her throat , even on her hip , strawberries that proclaimed she belonged to him .
he crouched down beside the edge of the pool and offered her a glass of strawberry lemonade .
he took a sip of the strawberry lemonade and ran his tongue over his bottom lip to catch every drop .
he touched a thumbprint on her skin , a bite mark and two strawberries .
her breasts were covered with small strawberries , marks of his possession , tiny little nips , and most of all her nipples were hard peaks .
gwen asked as she leaned a slender hip on the center island , picked a fresh chocolate - covered strawberry from a tray , and nibbled on the ripe fruit .
karen plucked a strawberry off the tray and joined gwen in her snack .
dip the strawberries in chocolate and leave fresh ones alongside them , and they all disappear . ''
eliza checked off a couple of vanilla combinations ... one with strawberry filling , another with cream .
her strawberry blonde hair looked as if she spent time every month in a stylist 's chair .
he detected the fresh smell of strawberries and cream from the shampoo she 'd used in her hair .
she smelled of the strawberry shampoo she used in her hair .
the cloud caught him and smelled of strawberries as it held him close and brought him slowly down to earth .
as the steaming water cascaded off her skin and the strawberry scent of the shampoo penetrated into her scalp , liz wondered about the words left in her own handwriting to a person she did n't even know .
her hair was shorter than the photos he 'd seen of tara , and liz 's was strawberry blonde .
dipping my head , i rake one of her strawberry ni**les in my mouth .
her br**sts were sweet , the tips like ripe strawberries - a new temptation he 'd discovered .
sweet , like strawberries .
but the woman - no , no sign of claws or fangs from her , and she smelled ... like strawberries .
the scent of strawberries was stronger , and a strange ache burned in his chest even as a rough tightness filled his body .
she crept closer , bringing that light scent of strawberries to him .
` ` i do n't wish to smell like strawberries . ''
she tasted sweeter than strawberries .
he could still smell the scent of strawberries .
az entered a cavernous room and , even with the cluster of bodies , he caught the scent of strawberries .
those strawberries again .
that sweet scent of strawberries filled his nose as she leaned in even closer .
she tasted better than strawberries .
after the hell she 'd been through , how did she still smell of strawberries ?
sweeter than strawberries .
like strawberries .
fresh strawberries .
he 'd always enjoyed the taste of strawberries .
she inhaled , actually trying to smell herself and , yeah , okay , she could smell her strawberry body lotion , but that was it .
i do n't care if she smells like strawberries and sex ... do n't ever stalk her again .
she looks like strawberry shortcake .
` ` my mom had these dolls in plastic containers in her closet from when she was younger , and one of them had this reddish pink hair that smelled like strawberries .
what used to be a frizzy , puffy , dried mess of , yes , straw - like hair , was now a mass of strawberry blond curls , falling gracefully around her face , surrounding her beautiful , sparkling green eyes that had been perfectly highlighted by sarah 's expert makeup job .
her scent , light , sweet strawberries , wrapped around him .
because of tina , he 'd developed one serious addiction to strawberries over the past year .
he inhaled her sweet scent - still strawberries .
the scent of strawberries drifted in the air .
he forced his hand away from her and took a step back so the scent of strawberries would n't be so tempting .
` ` strawberries ... '' he whispered .
he made a mental note to buy her a case of strawberry lotion .
strawberries should n't make a man feel drunk , but her scent worked better than wine on him .
the scent was so ripe and rich , better than the strawberries she 'd always loved and dee wanted to slither closer , to taste .
the scent of strawberries was stronger there .
her body was soft and sensual , she smelled lightly of strawberries , and her head was tucked onto his shoulder .
without it , her strawberry blonde hair would be like a beacon for anyone to see .
once they reached his office she tugged the cap off her head and al those gorgeous strawberry blonde waves fel around her face and shoulders .
` ` never understood why you liked that kind , '' aiden said , biting into the top of his strawberry swirl as we sat just outside the ben and jerry 's in the food court , the smells of hamburgers and panda express filling the space between us ` ` and i never understood how you could bite ice cream .
his eyes were glassy even though he continued to bite at his strawberry swirl as if the answer did n't matter .
i dashed to the bathroom and rummaged through the medicine cabinet until i found my favorite pink band - aids with the strawberries .
if someone was in my room , they 'd need more than a strawberry band - aid once aiden got done with them .
you two are so strawberry smoothie . ''
the smell of her strawberry shampoo filled my nose and set me at ease .
there was even a tray of strawberries and nibbles .
i watched absently while he manhandled a strawberry on the table , using his tiny pixie knife to cut parts of it out and eat it .
` ` no , you goof , no strawberry wine here .
i wanted to go see if they have strawberries on the buffet anyway .
chapter 13 i went to the dining hall and loaded up my plate with salad , a piece of chicken , and two strawberries .
tim flew down to the table and attacked the first strawberry , making a few preliminary slashes in the air first , dancing around a bit , and then stabbing it mercilessly in the center , sending juice down to stain the table cloth .
` ` and you realize , i could cut you up like a big fat strawberry , right ? ''
then badass tim swooped down and tried to grab a strawberry from my plate .
i did n't need to worry though , since the strawberry was obviously too heavy for him .
` ` here , try these strawberry tarts , '' radolf handed a saucer to wyatt , along with a fork .
lissa shoved her strawberry blonde hair behind an ear and went back to sorting through other messages she 'd received .
in his hands he holds a bowl of strawberries .
holding up a plump ripe strawberry , he extends his hand through the bars .
he stretches a little further , and the strawberry is at my lips .
` ` trying to feed me strawberries . ''
i shake my head at his lar - gesse , and i frown as a scene from tess crosses my mind : the strawberry scene .
you talked about cages and strawberries ... that you wanted more ... and that you missed me . ''
as we finish our dessert of strawberries and cream , the heavens open and unexpectedly soak us .
i ask , taking a sip of my second strawberry mojito .
it 's ten fifteen and i have downed my fourth strawberry mojito .
once back at the house , kate decides we deserve cocktails after our shopping extravaganza and whips up some strawberry daiquiris for us .
` ` three glasses of white wine at dinner and two of champagne , after a strawberry daiquiri and two glasses of frascati at lunchtime .
he feeds me another strawberry , and i chew and suck it gratefully , gazing at his darkening eyes .
` ` of strawberries , yes . ''
her strawberry blonde hair fought for attention in the glow of the morning sun .
` ` luke , will you get the strawberries out and start washing them and cutting them please . ''
i carefully balanced the tray that carried two plates of french toast , bacon , fresh strawberries , two orange juices , and two cups of coffee .
the top of the crepes had a scoop of vanilla yogurt with a strawberry and a mint leaf .
ellie leaned into me and whispered , ` ` holy hell ... you have cake , cupcakes , cake pops , brownies , cookies , candied and caramel apples , and i ' m pretty sure i saw chocolate - covered strawberries . ''
i turned around , only to see emma 's back was still facing me as she played with the straw in her strawberry milkshake .
` ` that 's what you were drinking when i first met you - a strawberry milkshake . ''
we order our food , and then alice asks for a strawberry margarita with a shot of tequila .
even though she filled it with the perfect amount of ice cream and then tossed in the precise amount of strawberry sauce and bananas , she was absently chatting away about her kids and their weekend .
` ` you tasted like strawberries .
i bought you some cheap strawberry lip balm for your birthday that year and you wore it every day until the tin ran out . ''
he had messy strawberry blond hair that his sister was always nagging at him to cut , gorgeous green eyes , and a handsome face that was usually scruffy and in need of a shave .
his strawberry blond hair was slightly too long and disheveled , but he worked it because ...
i ' m a fan of strawberry shortcake .
` ` i remind you of strawberry shortcake ? ''
` ` sweet strawberries , whipped cream , and sugary biscuit .
she put it up to my face , showing me a photograph of cole laughing as he held a stunning little girl with a mass of strawberry blond curls in his arms .
` ` try the strawberry . ''
she was genuinely nice and as sweet as a strawberry dipped in sugar .
her mouth tasted like rum and strawberries , and her teeth nipped at his lips .
the rattle and bustle of the tea tray 's arrival gave her the opportunity to drop her cloth facade , and she meekly accepted a slice of toast spread with a thin scrape of margarine and a delectable spoonful of the strawberry jam .
miss lillian bell had granted him a kiss among the fireflies at the end of the evening , chaste and fleeting , but upon the lips , and the thick summer air seemed to taste of coffee and ripe strawberries , despite the pervasive dank smell of the harbor .
` ` we 'll go round to the crofts nearby , '' fraser had told him over breakfast , spooning strawberry preserves onto a bannock .
miss peggy endicott , aged nine , went pink as a young strawberry at being singled out , and her elder sisters exchanged raised brows over her head .
the shield - shaped green leaves and arching stems of the wild strawberries were everywhere , spattering the hillside with tiny , sour - sweet red hearts .
` ` do you remember when we found the strawberries ? ''
i 'd spoken in complete seriousness , but he laughed and took a few more strawberries .
she smells sweet , like strawberries .
you taste like candy , like strawberries and sugar .
` ` i just made a strawberry colada smoothie .
flopping my purse up on the bar , i walked to the fridge and pulled out the pitcher of strawberry colada that sebastian made .
you taste like candy , like strawberries and sugar . ''
a few seconds later , a broad , ruddy face topped with a clump of thick strawberry hair appears beside jet 's head .
although not one short , strawberry hair is out of place and her clothes and makeup look like she has just come to work , there 's a frazzled look about her i ' m not used to seeing .
it feels like silk and smells like strawberries .
i try not to notice how it smells nothing like fresh strawberries .
until the breeze carries in the faint scent of strawberry .
` ` and sometimes there 's a hint of strawberry in the air .
something that smells like strawberries .
she walked into the room , carefully maneuvering a tray full of all the things i had n't eaten in years : poached eggs , croissants , freshly squeezed orange juice , a fruit salad with strawberries , blueberries and yogurt .
her blond hair , hanging in a high ponytail , smelled like overripe strawberries .
brady peeled back the covering to show her a cheese and bread plate , a fruit plate loaded down with fresh strawberries , pineapple , kiwi , and melon , and another tray with finger food that they picked at as the afternoon sun faded into evening .
sitting facing slightly sideways , so i get a profile view of her strawberry blonde hair and the most electric pair of blue eyes i ' ve ever seen .
the girl with the strawberry blonde hair pauses by my desk .
on the red side of strawberry blonde , with the milk - white skin to match , a spattering of freckles across her nose .
all the way home i ' m thinking of a tall girl with strawberry blonde hair and big round tits and a smile i could kill for .
i ' ve tangled one fist in her long strawberry blonde locks , the other still cupping her face with a tenderness and a gentleness i ' ve never showed to another human being in all my life .
i turn back to her , memorize her features , her perfect strawberry blonde hair , her pale skin , her blue eyes , her body .
i miss her strawberry blonde hair and her blue eyes and her laugh .
it 's the strawberry one . '
then i squealed and dropped the strawberry .
with my chest heaving under his intense gaze , i panted , ` ` it must be the chocolate covered strawberries . ''
we were just making a dent in the dessert - my mama 's homemade strawberry shortcake - as the sun began making its decent in the horizon .
her scent of jasmine and vanilla mingled on the sheets while her strawberry shampoo filled the pillow next to me .
` ` does that mean making my favorite meal of fried chicken , fried okra , and homemade cornbread along with a strawberry shortcake from scratch ? ''
she brought a strawberry to my lips , and i took a bite .
turning to her left thigh , i slid the strawberry against her skin .
then i brought my mouth to her center , rubbing the strawberry against her sensitive nub .
all the while , i kept rubbing her clit with the strawberry .
` ` mmm ... champagne and chocolate - covered strawberries . ''
being the perfect little suzy homemaker that she was , she instantly texted back , ` ` strawberries , pound cake and whipped cream .
after getting the cake and whipped cream , i walked to the produce area to get the strawberries and noticed a pretty girl watching nick at the meat counter .
she went on her merry way and i laughed as i searched through the strawberries for the best looking ones .
i washed the potatoes and wrapped them in foil first and then washed and cut the strawberries while nick prepped our steaks .
he went outside to light the grill while i finished cutting the strawberries and i watched him through the window as i stood in front of the kitchen sink .
` ` unfortunately , it 's very true , but i do n't think you 're in any danger with the strawberry shortcake . ''
i cut two slices of pound cake and then topped them with whipped cream and strawberries before i placed his in front of him .
nick 's mouth was still against mine and i could feel the warm rush of his breath against my lips and i suddenly wanted a dessert that did n't include strawberry shortcake .
when our chocolate fondue arrived we both leaned forward to inspect the goods : a couple of long , two - tined forks , bite - sized pieces of angel food cake , luscious ripe red strawberries , sliced bananas , and brownies cut into quarters .
ben grabbed a slice of banana while i went for a strawberry .
while emmy changed i gathered the chilled bottle of champagne , two glasses , and decadent chocolate - covered strawberries i 'd had sent up and brought them all out onto the veranda .
just as i was biting into the biggest chocolate - covered strawberry i 'd ever seen , ben and braydon appeared .
his eyes were trained on what i was doing to the strawberry .
popping a strawberry into my mouth , i smile and raise an eyebrow .
she would always get a scoop of rocky road and a scoop of strawberry ice cream finished off with sliced pineapples .
chapter thirty - seven strawberries and champagne ` ` love , i ' m sending four agents to the spa with you today , '' alexander said the following morning as they sat eating breakfast .
` ` scoop of strawberry , scoop of rocky road with pineapples on top , '' she replied without even thinking about it .
she did n't hold a candle to the beauty sitting across from me destroying my sanity by biting into a cream covered strawberry .
just like vanilla and strawberry are boring .
by the time i was dressed , there was a knock on the door and i opened it to find room service with the champagne and strawberries .
i rolled my eyes at my inner voice and stuffed a strawberry in my mouth , hoping to shut that bitch up before i ended up strangling myself just to keep her quiet .
i was n't one to appreciate another girl 's beauty but this chick was drop - dead gorgeous , with long strawberry and gold hair , and a creamy complexion that was without makeup yet completely perfect .
it smelled like strawberries , mixed with something pungent and native , deep in scent like cardamom .
cherie points to a strawberry milkshake .
her damp raven black hair hung to her shoulders , and mike could smell her strawberry shampoo , as she handed him his cell phone .
a strawberry blond in a cheerleaders uniform got out .
ben and andi spent at least five minutes arguing which was better , frosted brown sugar cinnamon or frosted strawberry and then ate a pop tart each while insulting each other .
i did nt care if they were strawberry or frosted cinnamon .
edmond watched his father and mother walk arm - in - arm past all the best shops on bishopsgate without even lookingfergal omalleys scale models , the sweet shop that sold strawberry bonbons for sixpence a quarter and all those delicious european chocolates , perigores phantasmagoria , even fathers favourite , harrys handy shop , where he bought all those odds and ends for his workshop .
a foxy strawberry blonde in a film - noir fem suit gave him an inviting look .
i munch on some tasty , wild strawberries and wash them down with a velvet drink from the pool , then wonder what to do .
and if her hair were a little more strawberry and a lot less blond , i do n't think that would have mattered in the slightest .
she flushed , and her cheeks more closely resembled the strawberry of her hair .
hardly had he calmed down , when he noticed a pot of strawberry jam standing at the upper shelf .
the girls had been fast at work during the day and had gathered quite the stockpile of wild strawberries , gooseberries , pine nuts , and a number of different tubers .
no , i think you ate a strawberry one . ''
izzian was just about to complain and ask for strawberry instead , when laddie appeared next to the table , carrying two very large cups filled with shaved ice and colorful syrup .
the peanut was old stuff to him , so he opted for the newest fruity flavors , selecting strawberry mary , blueberry billie , and caramel nun .
` ` the strawberry mary . ''
a strawberry mary it is . ''
as the chocolate and strawberry ones were dispersed , the soldier said , ` ` got ta see your pack .
there was wine as well , and chocolate - covered strawberries .
his crimson , silk shirt had voluminous sleeves gathered into embroidered cuffs and the large lawn collar was edged with fine strawberry lace .
they particularly liked strawberries .
wood and strawberries are not the kinds of things that cause illnesses .
he 'd started using strawberries as currency for the rats .
it was tiny alis , in it mostly for the strawberries , who gave sara the idea .
not just the strawberries in the stations ' heart , but their forgotten history and the mosquitoes and the tricks and simy .
fred gave jim a cold strawberry ice cream sandwich .
asked ben sarcastically as he was handed the two strawberry ice cream cones by the yes , its frozen ice cream parlor employee .
drink , why waste a smoothie i say , larry said coyly as he sipped his strawberry smoothie , but his mind was swirling around corrupting jim , and soon .
and everything was alive like a new strawberry after the winter thaw .
he grows beans , peas , tomatoes , cucumbers , corn , potatoes , squash , and next to the apple orchard he has strawberries and raspberry bushes .
i think i remember what strawberries tasted like , dolores said , not looking up as she continued to toy with the colanders handle .
mainly because it looks like a strawberry daiquiri snow - cone .
the space chicken and michael rowland daffodil had a grand compilation of fruits : slices of oranges , apples and pears , some grapes and grapefruits , a lot of peaches , apricots and mangoes , melons of all different shapes , sizes and colours and the finest plums , cherries , berries and strawberries you can think of .
i headed to the salad bar , which never changed , grabbed a bowl and filled it with granola , then two heaping spoonfuls of strawberry yogurt .
today it was a carbonated blue drink that tasted like bananas and strawberries .
her strawberry blond hair was partially covered by a bandage .
archer was behind them , walking with a long haired man with strawberry blonde hair .
mangos , bananas , pears , strawberries , grapes and apples : shed never forgotten those tastes , not even after years of synthetic diluting .
lots of green space , parks , great restaurants , bicycle paths , music festivals , strawberry socials , the annual ribfesti miss all that . ''
wandering though a nearby field we found some that resembled strawberries , and more that we thought were blueberries .
then carefully chose the smallest strawberry and ate it .
well , he picked up a small basket of strawberries , turned it around as he examined it , and set it back on the pile .
for another second , joseph let himself ponder the existence of the red light , which abruptly reminded him of strawberries .
a faint red light lit the base of the room , layering everything with the color of strawberries .
josephs eyes finally chose to focus the strawberry light along the bottom of the door , revealing shapes around him .
back on the highway and heading west , her stomach filled with good steak and strawberries and cream and even a glass of wine , henty burst out in song .
to the astonishment of ryan , jigs handed him a tray that held a container of strawberry yogurt , a black coffee , and buckwheat pancakes covered with strawberry preserves .
pancakes and strawberries .
he decided to reward lacy with some fresh cream and strawberries as a sort of farewell present , after she had provided him with her services .
the prison commander set the cup of cream and bowl of strawberries on her cell table , together with a couple of newspapers he had brought her .
he asked for strawberry cupcake with green sprinkles .
i never thought of it that way , dylan said , taking a lick of his strawberry cupcake .
right now i wish i had a strawberry shake to go with my chicken burger .
and its strawberry ?
she sipped on her own strawberries and cream mocha , frowning slightly as i imagined her contemplating the projected cost of the days shopping spree and the damage she would have to make up .
i had almost caught her when nevada stepped in between us and shoved a strawberries and cream skinny shake into lainies hands , and a double caramel mocha into mine .
i beat him again until his face was soup and his eyes were half - eaten strawberries .
red waves of color , like dark strawberries , flowed through your flesh .
here there were beans and there was a shelf of strawberry preserves .
it was an older - generation , non - violent game she loved to play where a girl character in a strawberry blond pageboy , dressed in medieval garb , must travel through various worlds to save her fiefdom from destruction .
` ` for tonight while we are watching a movie , i was able to trade some seeds for some fresh strawberries .
avon had already prepared a plate of chocolate covered strawberries .
` ` why in the hell would you trade a whole envelope of vegetable seeds for strawberries and more importantly why would you do that for me ? ''
avon sat the plate of strawberries on the sofa between them and then curled up with a pillow .
at the bottom of the globe , on a bed of silky sea foam that moved with the lightest breeze lay an angelic creature whose skin glowed and whose hair was the purest blue , smiling contentedly and snacking on diminutive wild strawberries fed to her one by one by a flock of rainbow lyrebirds .
sister roberta had decided to match their flavors and colors with actual ones and the entire simulation smelled like an ice cream parlor where the delightful scents of chocolate , strawberries , raspberry , mint , vanilla and banana overpowered the more subtle ones - black cherry , rhubarb , caramel , pistachio , watermelon and peach .
this one , for instance , '' sister roberta said , poking a scrumptious pink strawberry flavored quark and straining her neck trying to find its companion .
` ` they 're the strawberry flavored sprinkles , '' sister joseph clarified from the tomato patch .
a couple slices of toasted bread , a pat of butter , and a small pot of ... she sniffed ... strawberry preserves .
shed perfected that look of harmlessness over forty years , and she wore it well under light makeup and a strawberry blonde chignon .
four rushed up in green dresses and varying shades of strawberry chignon .
i personally enjoyed the strawberry rhubarb pie you brought , and was disappointed to see that there was only one .
sexbot patrick quinlan smashwords edition copyright 2014 patrick quinlan all rights reserved www.patrickquinlan.com a strawberry book www.strawberrybooks.com strawberry books is a publishing house that thrills , delights and informs our readers with high - quality e - books , physical books and online content .
people gathered around the chocolate fountain surrounded by pyramids of strawberries , grapes , and mini cupcakes .
i find myself a box of strawberry pop tarts in one of the cupboards and chew on those while i wait .
starra , when i smell the fresh aroma of wild flowers , honeysuckles , and wild strawberries while growing on the side of the cliff .
i ' m young , like about ten , and wearing the bright yellow summer dress with red strawberries that i wore all that last summer at home .
at first i ' m a little kid in a magic garden and skip around popping open giant pea pods and picking strawberries the size of watermelons , then the veges grow up blocking out the sun and i feel like an ant in the amazon rain forest .
yummy things too , like strawberries and raspberries .
i take him to the prairie then he takes me to all his favourite places , we push through dense forest and find a little clearing full of wild strawberries and follow a stream to a gushing waterfall .
i try to spend a couple of hours gardening each morning , weeding , training the beans and bougainvillea and eating strawberries as soon as they turn red .
she lured me with strawberry shortcake as though i were still twelve .
she gave me a box with the rest of the strawberry shortcake .
she said i should return soon , she would bake another strawberry shortcake for me .
it did nt look as if i would be getting strawberry shortcake now .
i heard her voice urging another slice of strawberry shortcake on me .
mummy used to say that boys are shy with girls sometimes and when she saw his reflection in the glass wall , she spun around with a gasp and a muddle of strawberry blond hair over her eyes .
when he turned the corner , a shortened curtain of strawberry blond hair parted over a pair of bright , smiling eyes .
adina giggled while running her fingers through her strawberry coloured hair awkwardly .
the hands dirty with strawberry jam are below their standards !
the wild thyme unseen and the wild strawberry , the laughter in the garden , echoed ecstasy not lost , but requiring , pointing to the agony of death and birth .
did n't you see how they treated me like i was some prized object worth kept contained in some glass prison cell and only given nourishment of strawberry milkshakes through bottles dropped from the ceiling ? ''
i woke up to find myself contained in a glass box like in a zoo wearing only a loin cloth while seeing nothing out of it and feeling myself always watched along with fed nourishment of strawberry milkshakes from bottles dropped from the ceiling .
the wind caught a strand of her strawberry blond hair and forced her to tuck it behind her ear .
` ` we have fresh strawberry pie and fresh peach pie , '' beth said smiling , ` ` that we make here ourselves . ''
in short order , she had followed with the darryl strawberry segment , the montana strip - mining segment , and the iroquois gambling segment .
she picked out a few simple things to put on her tray : a salad of lettuce and strawberries and orange slices , a couple of pieces of rye bread , a small flask of buttermilk .
you say , ' bring me a plate of strawberries , ' and it goes right out and finds you some strawberries somewhere , even if it 's the wrong time of year . ''
you say , ' bring me a plate of strawberries , ' and it goes right out and finds you some strawberries somewhere , even if it 's the wrong time of year . ''
` ` when new yorkers started getting strawberries out of season a couple of years back , those were n't strawberries , fella .
` ` when new yorkers started getting strawberries out of season a couple of years back , those were n't strawberries , fella .
the last thing i thought , before i dropped off to sleep , was that the covers smelled faintly of soap and sunlight and strawberries .
` ` yes , we have , '' deirdre said , reaching out to pluck a strawberry from the breakfast table .
` ` how do you think the strawberry cheesecake would be ? ''
and walked sightlessly back to the booth , where mary anne dominic sat eating her strawberry cheesecake .
the dweller , a surprisingly young man with a wild shock of strawberry hair that reached almost to his waist , was weeding a scrawny stand of corn with zealous abandon .
in an hour or so the first of them began to gather , mostly families who had come in broken - down wagons and shays , carrying their breakfasts with them c hampers of cold pancakes folded over fillings of wild strawberry jam .
` ` my darryl strawberry special . ''
she threw in a few strawberries to lessen the guilt factor .
his father called them the vanchockstraw triplets because their orders never varied : their father always had vanilla , patty chocolate , banning strawberry .
it stung , but i detected a faint whiff of vanilla and strawberries .
got some nice new zealand strawberries coming down on the last sub shuttle .
` ` strawberries make me break out , '' ted said .
levy had made strawberry shortcake for lunch , and nobody had eaten it because of the accident with edmunds .
` ` i only wanted to know where the strawberry shortcake was . ''
he had a double cheeseburger and a strawberry shake .
i ' ve heard that strawberries are very distinctive . ''
she had raised that finger to smell the strawberries .
you did n't know how to re - create strawberry jam , and when you tried , you made that vile concoction .
` ` you turned the strawberry jam into something inedible . ''
creating something as complex as strawberry jam , however - a mush made from a fruit i 'd never before tasted or smelled - was well beyond my abilities . ''
eddie saw the side of his nose had been eaten away by a juicy sore , red as a strawberry .
eleven strawberries are n't out in maine , not this early in the season , but there are raspberries .
i twisted the straw in my strawberry frappuccino to produce that unique straw - in - a - lid squeak .
the girl with the strawberry blond curls who stood a little over five feet four in her bare feet , so young - looking he was surprised to learn she was sixteen .
trusted that when you wanted a f**king strawberry frappuccino you could plop your ass in the car , drive down the street , and get yourself a f**king strawberry frappuccino !
trusted that when you wanted a f**king strawberry frappuccino you could plop your ass in the car , drive down the street , and get yourself a f**king strawberry frappuccino !
and the kids from ms . neyman 's class and ms . neyman and the majewskis and the nice checkout lady at kroger who kept the strawberry suckers beneath her counter .
` ` would you like the ones that taste like strawberries or the ones that taste like chocolate ? ''
so i ordered three cheeseburgers , three bags of fries , and three strawberry shakes .
blood was crusted around her mouth like strawberry sauce .
and order steak and fried onions , with a side of french fries and a big dish of vanilla ice cream with strawberry sauce for dessert .
in the fall of 1984 , a group of hikers found a kid 's plastic record - player in that gazebo , with a 45 - rpm record on the spindle.- '' strawberry field 's forever '' by the beatles , fitting , eh ?
` ` is it a strawberry ? ''
the stuff that had come out of his mother 's head had looked like rjnoldy strawberry jam , and what ollie could n't understand was why she 'd done it that way , and in that place .
the finest strawberries and champagne .
the kitchen filled - almost imperceptibly , magically - with the smell of summer fruit , of raspberries and peaches and strawberries and red currants .
he had a bit of a birthmark in front of his right ear , on the jawline , like a little strawberry .
it 's the hello kitty , the popular kind , not the strawberry flavor or the chocolate flavor somebody 's brother cooks at night in the general sciences building where he works as a janitor .
the rich never come out to the park anymore , could give a shit about strawberry fields , the camps have been here three , four years , long past anyone caring .
the ` ` greenroom '' was actually done in red and ochre , with a black leather couch , a mirrored wall , and a table laid out with hydroponic strawberries and carefully mineralized drinking water .
` ` are those strawberries ? ''
holden had stopped eating the free strawberries .
it tasted like strawberry flavoring and dextrose .
up close , she smelled like strawberries and vanilla .
he 'd known it was bad , but pope had beaten the shit out of him - his upper lip twice the size , his nose giant and bruised like a rotted strawberry , a gash across his right cheek closed with what must have been twenty stitches , and his eyes ... a miracle that he could see at all .
a petite fairy with short hair as red as a ripe strawberry alighted on the edge of a marble birdbath and peered into the water , her translucent dragonfly wings almost invisible in the sunlight .
if a husband proved willing to disassemble the known world to obtain strawberries out of season or strange seafoods normally found only in waters half a world away , it was a sure sign that he still loved his wife , despite her disappearing waistline .
the little man steadfastly refused to look at velvet , who kept her eyes demurely on the bowl of strawberries and cream she was eating .
` ` but my dear fellow , '' she protested , ` ` you have n't eaten your strawberries .
` ` forever , i ' m afraid , lady polgara , '' sadi told her , popping a strawberry into his mouth .
tables and benches had been raised outside the pavilions , piled high with sweetgrass and strawberries and fresh - baked bread .
the kitchen yielded no lemon cakes , but they did find half of a cold strawberry pie , and that was almost as good .
lady tyene 's voice was gentle , and she looked as sweet as summer strawberries .
as he trotted up the column , jaime passed boars , badgers , and beetles , a green arrow and a red ox , crossed halberds , crossed spears , a treecat , a strawberry , a maunch , four sunbursts counterchanged .
two servants bring out trays of food ( a salad with real strawberries , and exquisitely roasted pork belly with hearts of palm ) , while two others place fresh white cloth napkins across our laps and pour champagne into our glasses .
i spear a strawberry , chew it thoughtfully , then swallow .
he brought wine , plump strawberries from the greenhouse , sliced cold peacock , the grease congealed beneath its skin .
lotte plucked a strawberry from the trailing vines and ate half .
she picked another strawberry and gave it to her mother .
madame embraced her daughter and ate the strawberry .
the air around was overhung with smell of strawberries and oriental spices , roasting meats and countless other delicacies ; but a particularly strong frying smell helped jack discover its source .
there a table in front of them with heaps of grapes , strawberries , apples , cherries and other fruits placed on golden plates .
haven filled it to the brim with strawberry ice cream .
she ate her strawberry ice cream while looking out of her window at the countless stars scattered across the night sky .
i sip some brain - freezing strawberry slush through my straw while i think about how to respond .
sorry it took me so long to make the strawberry daiquiris , but i could nt find the blender and then ahem , maia interrupts .
she puts the strawberry daiquiris down and turns to the black widow .
the black widow takes another sip of her strawberry daiquiri .
even the strawberry cream cheese could n't save it .
taffy winks her eyelashes , right at tulu as tulu giggles turning strawberry red on her angel face .
rochelle is fifteen - years old , five feet , and one - inched with black hair and brown eyes baby daughter of almena and fowler , embarrasses in red strawberry jam color as she chin whips her face deep into her chest .
baycliff whispers into rusks eardrum as rusk drops his jaw line then chuckles then rusk whispers the solution into pemonas eardrum as she giggles and turns bright strawberry red in the face even with the pale bite - nats paint .
i flush in a strawberry red color on my face with embarrassment .
i immediate sniff the odors of sweet honeysuckles , ripped strawberries , and fresh flower fragrances , walking down the yellow - colored brick road lining with shaded trees that dance over the zillion flowers of roses , daisies , lilies , marigolds , and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo along our path towards the house .
i back step on sandals and turn bright strawberry red then pace one sandal step forward , standing meekly next bartholomew .
i quickly wipe the mayo upon my t - shirt trying to talk , but burp loudly , turning strawberry red in color on my face .
ya know , thinking it a live rattlesnake in the middle of space station in outer space and then i outer spaced kicked it with my left foot into the opposite wall since that wall currently stops all outer space dead molecules from invading into live molecules needed to survive in a space station as i calmed and realized with strawberry red embarrassment upon my face that the pretend snake was a pretend gift from a pretend somebody that must pretend to like me while i snort like a wild boar .
i stop , whirling my neck muscles around the land mass and dump while a giggle since the island is only 50 feet wide by 50 feet long that covers prettily in white sugar - colored sandkinda like a sand bar in the middle of an ocean than a true island of jet skies , naked guys , and alcoholic strawberry daiquiris .
two , ya know.adam and eve , wife and husband , strawberries and chocolate , peanut butter and jelly .
quanta wipes her wet brow , and comments with a nasty and fixing the bun of her strawberry hair .
i nosily gasp while , chin whipping my chest into my chest and turn the color of bright strawberry red upon my pink skin , embarrassing both for me and him and desires to run into my room to cry , to leave the mansion , to return to heaven , hoping not the failure of the test , the failure of my wings , not the failure of an angel and not the success of a demon .
i shake my strawberry blonde skull side to side , and subject change , grinning and flirting back while holding both palms tightly onto the door handle .
he names as i giggle with a girly tone while turning strawberry red with embarrassment being a part of argus small worldtoday .
he challenges , grinning with a toothy smile as i shake my strawberry blonde hair side to side then argus envelopes my face , kissing tenderly my lips .
the demon eye gleams me from my naked toe bones inside my sandals up to my strawberry - blonde exposed hair roots , jerking his glove from his naked hand , and swiftly grabs my forearm , pulling me toward him while he complexes .
no , the strawberry blonde shell under the maple tree , alonewriting .
every time tina looks into the mirror she sees a female face that counts of 100 angel years old but physical appears like an earth age of seventeen with a round face , apple cheeks , pink lips , naturally wavy waist - length strawberry - blonde hair , and ghostly mint green eyes on a peachy - pale complexion at five feet and eleven and a half inches , just shine of six feet on her thin frame .
morgan sways on her tippy toes in the four - inched designer shoes , popping a series of tiny explosions of pink strawberry bubble gum from her lips as tina smells the sweet taste of strawberry that lingers in air .
morgan sways on her tippy toes in the four - inched designer shoes , popping a series of tiny explosions of pink strawberry bubble gum from her lips as tina smells the sweet taste of strawberry that lingers in air .
tina puffs musically , shaking her strawberry blonde skull side to side .
dallas colors in bright strawberry red upon his stoic face then cautiously warns .
i like the strawberry jam .
where your daddy works i grin with a toothy smile then blink my eyelashes once , twice then thrice and chin whip my face into my chest turning a colorful strawberry red with innocence for the silly flirting by the hunky teen then edgar orders while eye burning me .
i told ya hey , argus , lithany , messenger - angel greets sweetly in her smooth alto oboe while tenderly patting her soft furry red - skulled persian as kitty purrs between her arms walking casually into the lounge area with her cute strawberry blonde bobbed hair , glowing pale skin over ruby red lips and big aqua doe eyes inside her oval face on her slender six feet even angel frame .
bo touches her soft hair stoking the long strawberry blonde curls then pecks a light kiss onto her peachy - beige cheekbone and finally softly comments while staring into the side of her lovely profile face while she eye burns dallas .
jamher nickname is jam ... .like in strawberry jelly .
tina inquires , sucking on the strawberry juice .
beside that is a crate , holding smaller boxes full of what must have been strawberries ; however now they contain a red goo - like substance barely recognisable as food .
she took out two strawberry pies and two waffles with cream and put them on the tablecloth .
they managed to save the strawberries covered in yellow caramel and some of the meringues .
electra brought one of the chocolate strawberries to erics mouth , who eagerly bit into the berry .
i d kill for a piece of strawberry cake , eric said , and holding electra by the hand , climbed the five wide stairs and entered the shop .
rosy - cheeked and good - natured mrs . rose began telling about the ingredients of the muffins and cakes , how much cream was in the clairs , how juicy were the blackberries that they had put in the fruitcake , how delicious the cake had turned out , and how many layers of chocolate were in the strawberry - chocolate cake .
we have come for a strawberry cake , mrs . rose , electra said , looking at the cakes under the glass stand .
you wanted a strawberry cake , did nt you ?
left alone , dinah , disappointed and furious , took a big strawberry from the bowl with fruits and angrily squeezed it in her palm .
her strawberry blonde hair and big blue eyes danced as she giggled to herself .
i managed to eat several pieces of honeydew melon and three strawberries .
he chose fluffy pancakes , pouring pure maple syrup over them , topped them with crispy bacon and finished off with bananas , blueberries and strawberries .
i hope you like strawberry rhubarb pie ; i made it fresh , early this morning !
and let me tell you , it was the best strawberry rhubarb pie i d ever tasted .
it was a curly mess of bright red and almost white blonde strands that mixed to create a sort of strawberry blonde with a punch .
she still did nt understand , thinking of her own strawberry blonde .
she was used to the stares she got because of her voluminous strawberry blonde hair , but she had never felt so exposed .
if delmari needed help , i could nt waste time talking to the old - school strawberry shortcake .
even after she disentangled her fingers , several strawberry scented strands were still wound around them .
unrelenting , he began to play with my strawberry blonde hair , twirling it and twisting it into a pony , then fluffing it back down to my shoulders .
our immaturity could have been cut with a knife , and served with sides of narcissistic whipped cream and stubborn strawberries .
do you ever buy any of mr . johnsons strawberries ?
ya know , a little bit of everything , and those strawberries will knock you on your ass after while !
you ve got a lovely strawberry plant right in front of you .
the big ripe red strawberries were the best i ever tasted .
knowing benzea had been trying to make me quit was enough to keep me angry , but after the therapy of growing the strawberries i just could nt be .
a strawberry bush .
did you get any strawberries ?
it did nt occur to me that all i d had for dinner was strawberries until i had the big book open on my bed and my stomach grumbled .
isabeau held a silver platter with a delicious smelling chicken breast , a green leafy salad and a dozen or so beautiful red strawberries .
brea and seraph said congrats about the strawberries and missed you at dinner .
on the table in front of her is a selection of her favorite breakfast essentialsdrip brewed coffee , scones with clotted cream , and strawberries .
megan floods my nostril with the scent of strawberry shampoo from her jet - black curls as she hugs me .
thick carpets of strawberry anemones covered the bottom , and jurassic - sized sea fans swayed in the current , like branches in the wind .
he could feel the rapid beat of her heart , taste the sweetness of strawberry lip gloss on her mouth .
dean pulled out a zip lock bag with strawberries in it .
he set the plate down , dipped a strawberry in the chocolate , and placed it on the plate .
he continued with the rest of the strawberries and finally looked up at me when he was finished .
as i chewed on the first bite , the melted chocolate swirled with the juice of the strawberry , taking over my mouth .
to change the subject , so , are you going to eat some strawberries ?
before i placed the strawberry in my mouth i continued , you better eat one before i start asking questions about your special diet .
i bit half of the strawberry and chewed roughly as i dared him with my eyes .
without breaking gaze with me , he grabbed a strawberry and plopped the whole thing in his mouth .
the smacking of bubble gum followed by the delicious smell of strawberry flavor caught my attention .
he s liable to be sitting on his front porch right about noweating that after - lunch good humor strawberry shortcake he loves so much .
that sucks , aria agreed , wrapping her lips around a straw and slurped from a strawberry juice box .
the guys were piling their plates with waffles , eggs , and more eggs , and cantaloupe , and strawberries .
a large waffle , topped with a generous helping of whipped cream , strawberries , and almond slices steamed from the center of the plate .
the first royal match is to prepare and cook a strawberry pie .
i scan with eyeballs the food ingredients on top of the island top , two cups of strawberries .
i reach and grab a strawberry eating it whole with chomping lips and tongue .
i pour the whipped yellow contents into the pie pan and then dump a cup of the strawberries in the yellow liquid .
i m being a good sport for just attempting to bake a strawberry pie .
i hunger , grabbing the last strawberry in the cup .
in the middle of the pie , the red strawberries are bubbling on top of a whitish - black with gold streaks batter like an active volcano beginning to spew red magna into the air .
lovely , viscountess rita , dirk sings and smile in tenor saxophone while eyelids observe a golden brown with red peek - a - boo strawberries on the top of the good smelling pie .
he replaces a knife with a spoon and then gingerly tosses two bubbling hot steamy red strawberries and a tablespoon of white boiling batter , mixing the contents , together on the plate as i smile then giggle then smile then giggle .
she lied on the couch in her strawberry pee - jays forced to watch tom and jerry reruns and game shows .
even in the dimly lit street , i must have glowed like an overripe strawberry with the heat shooting across my face .
albert nudged the glass of strawberry jam toward me then laced his fingers on the table .
hi , i blurted , feeling my face turn red like a strawberry .
she greedily devoured the strawberries , hungry from her days work .
she was also running the story of her great - grandmother over and over again in her head as she chewed slowly on a strawberry .
her patch of strawberries lay in the middle .
i did nt know strawberries were still in season , navadar commented , in attempt to make conversation .
so , then , i bet you re just dying to have a strawberry , she said , desperately trying to lighten the suddenly tense moment .
her crystals brightened slightly as , with a wave of her hands , more strawberries shot out of the ground .
he was staring at the patch of strawberries as though he had never seen anything like it in his life .
kiethara , her eyes on navadars expression , slowly brought her hand forward to pick a strawberry .
the succulent strawberry released fresh juice on her taste buds , and she could not help but praying that it tasted as good to navadar as it did to her .
they were laughing and giggling like naughty school children and i watched as bast speared a plump strawberry with her fork and raised it to her rose - petal lips .
she had a perfect straight nose , and full lips the color of strawberries .
i sat beside sarah at lunchtime , and she commented on my socks , which were covered in brightly - colored strawberries .
are you sure what you want to express is best conveyed through day - glo strawberries ?
maybe ill make my living selling strawberry milkshakes and french fries at a drive - through thanks to my plummeting grades .
i know they re great for potassium intake and they re berries by technical definition because its a fleshy fruit produced from a single seed , while a strawberry is covered in seeds , so it is nt a berry .
she smells like lavender , floral and heavenly , with a flip of her hair , the scent is drowned out by strawberry and vanilla , her shampoo .
i stop briefly to correct a tiny strawberry blonde girl who is twirling her knife so exuberantly , i m afraid it will go flying out of her small hand .
only the strange ones , felicia said , with a toss of her strawberry blonde hair .
behind them , looking down from the clouds was a shadowy pony , a faded strawberry roan .
they headed out of the shopping centre and walked to a caf , where they ordered milkshakes , devons chocolate and itzys strawberry .
her stomach twanged with a reminder that she had nt eaten anything more than a strawberry shake on her break all day .
gabriel stepped forward , brushed her curly strawberry hair out of her eyes , and placed his thumb on her forehead .
i ca nt imagine what i m going to tell the castillos , she said and grabbed a strawberry off the plate .
antony took another bite of his strawberry strudel .
gavin asked as andi handed ronnie a strawberry yogurt parfait and a spoon .
his scavenging produced nothing he wanted , so he settled on a snack of fresh strawberries .
it has all my favorites grapes , strawberries , and blueberries .
he pulled out a pack of strawberry gum and set it on the table in front of roger .
fancy a little strawberry tart today , boys ?
they walked into the back entrance of the pizza star and stopped when a teenager with strawberry blond hair and a mild acne condition froze and looked them over .
you want a piece of strawberry pie or something ?
this place makes an amazing strawberry pie .
can i get a piece of strawberry pie , please , connie ?
she slid the plate of flakey crust packed with bright red strawberries in front of bloom .
he asked , his mouth full of strawberry .
he was sitting on a bench with his bag beside him and the bottle of strawberry juice on his hands .
her olive skin looks as white as a sheet ; even her red strawberry lips are pale .
i m getting the same , except i want a strawberry shake , mama replies .
to start , i d like to put a strawberry frapp on it , please .
as they go , vera presses a huge container of waffles on them , loaded with strawberries , maple syrup and just a dusting of icing sugar .
but she also takes the time to crack open the lid of the container and fish out a strawberry .
they sat , sucking on strawberry laces and liquorice allsorts , haribo and pear drops .
charlie paused mid chew and glanced at charlotte , who had the tail of a strawberry lace hanging from her mouth like the disappearing flash of a mouses tail .
can i have a strawberry lace ?
its only a strawberry lace , charlie said .
rosie , now sucking on the strawberry lace very loudly , blinked up at her brother and smiled .
they re ross sweets anyway , she said as the strawberry laces unravelled in the air like twisting pink worms , then vanished over the fence .
you re right , rosie said , chewing loudly on a strawberry lace at the end of the bed .
she s got blue eyes , rosie said and pointed the end of another strawberry lace at her .
shed put her strawberry lace down .
but how about a big strawberry cheesecake for my little muffin ?
the username is loren and the avatar is of a beautiful strawberry blonde girl with sun kissed skin .
she had short strawberry blonde hair , cut just above her chin , and brown eyes that turned to gold in the sunshine .
mr . jackson asked tom who slurped noisily on a huge strawberry milkshake they d purchased from a well - known burger chain .. yeah , dad got a job in leyland and it was easier traveling to work from here .
the chocolate and maple syrup flavoured pancakes topped with strawberries , ice cream , vanilla cream and chocolate shavings with a side of strawberries and warm maple syrup .
the chocolate and maple syrup flavoured pancakes topped with strawberries , ice cream , vanilla cream and chocolate shavings with a side of strawberries and warm maple syrup .
he spit dirt from his mouth and hefted up a broken jar of strawberry jam to his eye level .
how s a big belgian waffle with strawberries sound , hmm ?
it had everything : potatoes , lettuces , courgettes , sweetcorn , cabbages , strawberries .
i nodded and grabbed another strawberry granola bar .
down stairs i found warm coffee and a plate with a couple of strawberry pop tarts on it .
the surprise party was at biancas parents house in shadow hills , and charlie had made tiramisu and chocolate - dipped strawberries .
can i have a strawberry shake ?
should we get justin a strawberry shake ?
megan was holding his food , kelsey his coke , and cynthia his strawberry shake .
her strawberry blonde hair makes me think of summer days playing outside .
white matter and blood splurged upwards , splattering everything in its path with a strawberry coloured pulp .
i plucked out a strawberry frosted donut with sprinkles .
he reached for a strawberry tart , but i slapped his hand .
i grabbed a strawberry tart , because prosecuting a spy makes one hungry , and continued my attack .
au revoir for now , i whispered , and grabbed a smashed tart covered in strawberries because something that good should never go to waste .
a faint strawberry scent filled the air around me .
with her slightly parted lips so close to mine and her strawberry scented hair in my open palm , everything i d been taught about maintaining restraint flew out of my head as a savage heat took over my senses .
there was no way i would ever be able to eat strawberries again without thinking of how great she smelled .
out of habit , her hands run over her strawberry blonde hair .
west : you smelled like strawberry shampoo .
to this day i love the smell of strawberries .
oh so strawberries and spearmint .
would you like the dark mexican roast , the guatemalan breakfast blend , the inferior standard roast , the strawberry blend , the colombian dark brad cut him off , stop showing off your barista talents .
for dinner i was about to get a nice healthy salad but decided to go crazy and got a bacon cheeseburger , fries ( real ones , not sweet potato ) , and a strawberry malt .
her left hand was bleeding and the blood was mingling with everything else on the ground , making what looked like some twisted strawberry milkshake .
he was tall and lean with strawberry blond hair atop his rugged features .
he took the back - door key off its hook and picked up the strawberry he had placed behind the biscuit tin .
in his pocket was a strawberry , on the shelf closest to him was his magnifying glass , put there earlier , and in his hand , gripped tightly , was the unlit torch .
it was a strawberry .
he removed his dagger and cut a hole in the strawberry .
he attached the message to the black bag squashed on the bottom shelf behind the strawberry that now did not look so delicious .
there were no strawberries left .
he ignored my question and began mixing a drink , topping it with a strawberry .
i made her eat strawberries and draw me crescents and try on platinum jewelry .
plus , obviously , i did n't carry platinum , strawberries , or crescents around with me .
an giant iced coffee for himself and a strawberries ' n cream for me .
nisha bit into one of the strawberries she had bought .
he had attempted to gussy up the dish by adding fresh strawberries and a glop of whipped cream , but underneath the garnishes were dense , black oblong shapes that kind of gave me the shivers when i thought about actually digesting one of them .
jan had chocolate cherry cake and cindy ordered cheesecake with strawberries .
i studiously stare at my red inflamed face that covers both with strawberry red of friend embarrassment and pure wet sweat of teen lust as i slowly jerk open the side cabinet for a clean washcloth then nosily run the cold water from the sink facet sliding the cloth under the tap then lowering my torso towards the sink and drowning my face in the cool sweet liquid .
if that is nt enough food for a growing teenager then there s a side plate filled with delicious looking fruit salad consisting of sliced strawberries , orange slices , grapes , apples , walnuts all mixed together as my tummy grumbles for food as beck quickly gobbles down one chicken breast , two thigh legs , and two drums sticks while polishing off the entire pile of mashed potatoes .
he slides the bowl of fruit that contains whole green grapes , slices of strawberries , and apples as i chow down with my right finger pads .
i smile then eat the strawberries and chew .
i pick the ripen strawberry , chewing .
as i attacked felix , someone started pelting me with strawberries from the fruit platter .
i wonder if her lips taste like strawberries and cream or vanilla beans ?
he knew the sweet taste of strawberries and the tang of vanilla , but not from her shiny lips .
he fell in love with her and her shiny lip gloss of strawberry or vanilla the instant her hand hit his chair .
when his mouth opened straining with effort , he inhaled the scent of strawberries and cream on his tongue .
i also know that the second that gets taken for granted was embraced by bryson when his lips met sapphires and he tasted the simple sweetness of strawberries and cream .
they were sickly sweet with their strawberry frosting and gummy consistency .
to eat one sugar - frosted strawberry pop tart per month was excessive , but to have munched down two that day now seemed to natalia as life threatening .
dandelions and strawberries from the garden .
how nice , i say as i bite into the strawberry pop - tart that does nt taste so good anymore .
i sit at one end and stare at the food : fried eggs , chocolate chip pancakes , sausage , bacon , and strawberries with whipped cream .
he s already ordered a strawberry lemonade for me .
he ca nt make up his mind between sprite and strawberry lemonade .
i order the strawberry lemonade and he gets the sprite .
i bite into the goodness as my boy eats carrots and strawberries .
tucked in the bottom corner was a short round jar of strawberry jam .
in the bottom of the basket , wrapped in a cloth , were a dozen fresh strawberries .
mom needs a bag of sugar for a wild strawberry cake she is making for dad .
she was ripe as a plump strawberry in the middle of june , and i tore into her , gulping down hunks of her juicy flesh , shuddering with the pleasure .
yeah , right , mumbled cory , opening the refrigerator and pulling out a large jar of chunky peanut butter and another filled with strawberry jam .
i was carrying two punnets of strawberries to the register when a tall guy with pale skin , ruddy cheeks and a shock of tight black curls called out .
hey , nice strawberries .
flustered , he crouched , picking up the cherries while i paid for the strawberries .
its strawberries , she breathed .
she shook her strawberry hair , the bloody spear still gripped tightly in one hand .
i gathered the sheets in my fists , trying not to turn her from a strawberry blond to a patchy bald girl .
or if you want something else like another fruit salad , with less melon , no pineapple and a lot more strawberries and peaches , i can do it .
i saw you picking the strawberries and peaches first , and you seemed to like them very much .
river felt sorry for her so he told her he would buy her a cheeseburger , fries , and a strawberry milk shake after they left the hospital .
she could smell the new strawberry scented shampoo that shed been talking about for weeks .
the warm water felt good against my cold skin , i took some of my favorite strawberry body lotion and lathered myself up .
i inhaled her sweet strawberry sent on her clothes that i love so much .
i reached out for my strawberry body wash , when , i noticed it was nt there .
oh yeah , have you been using my strawberry scrub ?
while pouring in some of my favorite strawberry bubble bath , i sniffed the liquid and the sweet smell lifted me in a slightly better mood .
i sat up and grabbed my strawberry body wash and started to lather up with soft suds , making sure not to scrub my beaten body too hard .
ned said in my ear , i love shortcakes , strawberries , and clotted cream .
apple pie , strawberry shortcake , angel food cake , pudding , jell - o , flan .
danny , she took my hands and placed them on her amazing breasts and kissed me , open mouth , and she tasted like strawberries and orange dreamsicles and cherry kool - aid .
some of the strawberries became ripe and vanya stumbled across a patch of wild blueberries on a sheltered part of the island near the small pond .
as she flicks her strawberry blonde hair over her shoulder and gazes at him enticingly , i look away .
she played of young things , of the sweetness of new breezes off fragrant hills , the ripe taste of strawberries and new - baked bread .
i pulled some of my hair down the side , the cascade of strawberry blond against blue .
the girls were smoking hot with gorgeous long hair ; one was strawberry blonde , and the other a dark brown with auburn highlights .
my farms got some more fresh strawberries , last week .
and my belief won , she came for me that night , to take me with her into that painting , her curls showing me the light of dawn and the awaiting horror of dusk , were still swaying even in the dark closed walls of the room , the mystic smile on her strawberry lips was still intact , but that light in her eyes was lost , they were dark like a warning of not to trust them , to run for my life , but i trusted her , my heart said that it was safe , if it was with her , so ignoring my instincts i followed pale gown flowing behind her and i entered into the painting .
she gave me a slant look and her strawberry lips widened .
and aiden laughed a bitter laugh , which was unhuman , dark , sly , shaking me making me move again in my flow and she entered , a girl with long curls like dusk and dawn were interlaced together swaying even in the dark closed walls of the mansion , with a mystic smile on her strawberry lips , shining amethyst eyes which seemed to be searching for something or someone from ages or centuries and a laugh echoed .
yeri had a strawberry in one hand and its leaf in the other .
yeri let out a small yelp and dropped the strawberry into his lap .
just when nikolas was sure he was starting to sweat schnitzel , girtrude brought out bowls and bowls of strawberry jam - filled oliebollens .
i stared after him at his shoulder length wavy hair , kind of a strawberry blonde , not my usual type but his movements were strong , almost elegant .
jet made her what she made every morning for breakfast : eggs , bacon and french toast with strawberries .
nothing like staying late because you have to hose spilt strawberry milkshakes off the parking lot and scrubbing greasy food from the menu boards when the other server splits early , faking cramps .
the dcor of the cutesy little space was strawberries , and they were everywhere .
as soon as she lifted the strawberry adorned mug towards her , i quickly raised my arm and shined the flashlight directly into her left eye .
virginia looked at the barman , at the cheeks which were tanned and smooth , and she could already taste his kisses which she imagined would be scented like strawberries .
i observe the beautiful shining afternoon hot sun stomping my boot heels through the red ripen wild strawberry patch .
it ll be the feast of strawberries , so the attack will be unexpected .
he handed fiona a sandwich and a baggie of cleaned strawberries .
` ` are you having strawberry and onion lasagna tonight -- is that the horrible thing that 's coming ?
there were small dessert dishes of strawberries dipped in black or white chocolate .
i had just been reaching for one of the chocolate - covered strawberries on her plate , but this made me pause mid - move .
caroline laughed back at him , raked her fingers through his fine strawberry blonde curls , and carried an abandoned cup of pureed squash ( so gross ! )
bowls of oatmeal , mounds of scrambled eggs , stacks of toast , baskets of fat , sweet strawberries , and platters of cantaloupe slices were consumed , but it was quieter than usual .
want some strawberries ?
he held the basket out as a peace offering , and she accepted it , but could nt resist throwing a small strawberry at him .
caroline threatened him with another strawberry , but decided the wiser course would be to ignore him .
my favorite flavor of ice cream is strawberry .
nope , said lough , piling his plate high with strawberries for dipping .
i asked , covering all my strawberries with chocolate .
asked lisabelle , refusing his offer of a chocolate - covered strawberry .
ten years old ) and pulled out a strawberry yogurt , noticing in the nutrition information section there was a red circle around total calories .
later at home , mom yelled at me for grabbing a strawberry yogurt from the fridge .
how about we celebrate over a potion of strawberry nectar ?
she reached up to pull at one of her strawberry curls .
as i made my way to the kitchen my mother had a fruit medley going on with mangos , strawberries , blueberries , grapes , all types of melons , and kiwi .
no , no , i m quite full thank you , said sukhi , clutching his belly and waving away the trays of fairy cakes and strawberry tarts now being offered round .
they taste like strawberries and burn going down .
ill have a burger special with a large strawberry shake and a double order of fries .
there was a big bowl of strawberry ice cream and red gingham fabric under it all .
terry was beginning to laugh and said , wow , i ' ve heard many first time stories , but they usually involve rose petals on the bed or champaign and strawberries .
my shift is over in ten minutes , i could explain it all to you if you d be so good as to buy me a strawberry julius .
thank you , he nodded , for the strawberry julius to come .
i ordered two strawberry julius and sat at one of the small tables off to the side of the food court .
mr . bennett took a long sip of his strawberry julius .
are you in the mood for another strawberry julius ?
birds , a table , a car , a tree being blown by the wind , a naked woman , a man with a large hat , a tank , an elephant , a desert landscape , a helicopter , a fat man eating a strawberry , etc .
an hour later i walked into kates house drinking a strawberry quik i d gotten from the am / pm .
you put strawberry quik in your cereal ?
jonathan switched off the radio and returned to dicing strawberries for his saturday morning smoothie .
they grabbed their plates , filled them with pancakes , strawberries , butter and syrup .
i held up my strawberry margarita and tapped it against her glass .
the strawberry taste felt sweet on my tongue .
lexie looked at me with those concerned eyes as i ordered another strawberry margarita , this time a double .
planting the fruit trees and stirring up bordeaux mixture , the first strawberries , mulching and tending the asparagus beds , building the greenhouse onto the barn , experimenting with different kinds of compost bins , saving seeds , building the sunroom on the house for marges studio , the pain of overhearing walter and arthur complain to marge about their neanderthal lifestyle , the boys leaving for vanderbilt , walter first , and arthur the next year .
i just want to have a little stroll and perhaps to pick some wild strawberries !
then we loaded up the car and he took me to a little burger stand like place that was the only thing open and got me a strawberry milk shake as well as one for himself .
mary ellen asked as she spread strawberry preserves onto her biscuit .
sitting at the dining room table , she spooned a dollop of strawberry preserve onto her biscuit .
i ve already colored my strawberry blonde hair a deep chestnut brown , but apart from that , this is how i was born .
before the war the area was best known for its strawberry crops , led by gentleman farmer will butler .
now most of the strawberries come from mexico .
he found that there were strawberry jamborees and blues festivals , and he learned he could fight pirates and fly to the moon just as well from softly rolling hills as from a corn field .
i d rather eat them fresh like that , but its almost strawberry season .
i m in the mood for making strawberry rhubarb pies or maybe mixed berry pies if the blueberries and raspberries are out too .
she savours the thought of a strawberry rhubarb pie with crumble topping .
she frequented a nightclub there within walking distance of her hotel called the fragola project ( strange , fragola is an italian word meaning strawberry ) on kolkovne street in stare mesto .
celebrated by the devouring of a big mac and a strawberry shake in a hanoi mcdonalds .
it drizzled down like sugar onto strawberries .
a ham sandwich , an apple , some strawberries , unsweetened lemonade .
price had botched his last attempt at picking strawberries .
naylor saw sue and peggy returning from the strawberry patch .
glancing at her daughter , rosa brushed cassandras hair out of her eyes , and using a corner of her napkin , wiped away a smudge of strawberry from the little girls upturned lips .
before long , latianna returned with the picnic basket , full of sandwiches , strawberries and other various fruits , drinks , and a tad bit of chocolate for later that day .
he saw a field of strawberry blonde hair and emerald green eyes watching him earnestly .
i spent a few hours whipping egg whites into a meringue , dicing strawberries , and attempting to turn confectioners sugar into frosting .
about ten yards away , i peeked around a strawberry tart .
it ll be all right on the night , t , says pete , back from the bar and the strawberry blond bloke standing behind it .
this cocktail tasted of strawberries and girls and i felt distinctly feminine for drinking it .
he began mixing a strawberry margarita and said , what sounds good right now is bed .
edward brought us glasses of white wine and a tray filled with crackers , cheeses , grapes , and big , deep red strawberries .
for dessert , he had made a fresh fruit tart with blueberries , raspberries , kiwis , and strawberries .
from now on you must do this each day , she said and put a bright red strawberry in her mouth .
she bent to put the packet away , but the sight of it , the feel of wrapper as it crinkled against her skin , the gentle waft of sugar , the scent of artificial preservatives , of synthetic strawberry cream , the total sensory impact of the packet arrested her motion .
she brushed crumbs from her lips , and proffered the packet of strawberry creams to roe .
he caught a strong smell of sugar , strawberries , and a touch here and there of cinnamon or ginger .
she pushed aside a torn package of strawberry creams , brushed crumbs from her hands , and stood up .
he guessed she could kill for a strawberry cream .
raja found vinny by the dessert table , sampling the strawberry cheesecake .
tre scampered toward the refrigerator , pulling out strawberries , lime soda and lemon juice .
i bit down on one of the strawberries .
tre gave me two glasses filled with ruby beverage , smelling strongly of strawberries and lime .
removing the aluminum foil from the platter , i found a bouquet of the most delicious fruits : cantaloupe , watermelon , pineapples , strawberries , and different colored grapes , decorated in the most delicate patterns .
she dated kyle three times before he slipped a little date rape drug into her strawberry daiquiri at the low down and had his way with her .
jerry followed ethans lead , spreading strawberry jam onto the soft center of one steaming slice of bread .
he inched closer until he could smell the light scent of strawberry that drifted up from her hair .
without a doubt , it was a sign from heaven that i should drink the strawberry juice that waited for me inside before it got warm .
breakfast is frozen waffles with some strawberries in a bowl to one side and some mummified looking bacon on the other .
i get a strawberry milkshake and we enjoy being out of the house .
now come on , these strawberry tarts wo nt go eating themselves !
but i would like to have a glass of strawberry juice .
her hair smelled like strawberries .
i want strawberry . ''
last week had been fried fish , mustard greens , hot water cornbread and strawberry cake .
the team took quick note of the dead worms all over the soil ; thousands of little dead bodies spread across the farm , under bushels of corn , next to potato tubules , and around strawberry plants .
mark cuts off a small stud from a strawberry plant , which looks like a dark green leafy shrub with strawberries growing in the middle , and places the stud in a bag .
mark cuts off a small stud from a strawberry plant , which looks like a dark green leafy shrub with strawberries growing in the middle , and places the stud in a bag .
again , on the strawberries there is no slime , no rot , no leaf spots , no powder ; i do nt see any connection to the worms from these plant crops .
while they played out there i took the opportunity to go around the house picking up sweet wrappers and wiping away smears of strawberry jam .
white stockings , pink shoes , pink nail polish and pink strawberry lipstick .
resting back on the blanket , we ate more and drank strawberry soda in fancy wine glasses .
the brains that had exploded from the young lads head stick together and try to cling to the thin slats like a dropped strawberry mousse , resisting the water blast before , finally , sliding across the deck and over the side of the boat and into the flat north sea .
some red dots of strawberry flavoured water may well have flown into that awful haircut .
he steps into the sunshine and sticks another ice pop in his mouth and slurps at the strawberry flavoured water , it bursts across his chin , he wipes the back of his hand across his lips and looks up .
a strawberry pop frozen only to slush - follows , evaporating into his brain .
` ` sure , '' the strawberry bottle - blonde replied .
she carefully moved a strand of strawberry blond from her forehead .
for dessert she had a virgin strawberry daiquiri .
took off the receiver as she sat on the toilet , took care of three tonic waters and a strawberry daiquiri .
at the end of the dinner the waiter brought white and dark chocolate dipped strawberries , apricots , and figs with a fresh cream dip .
these are great , said rick , as he bit into a chocolate strawberry .
he saw through the window small tart pies with strawberries and white creamy topping .
baby , he says , giving her a strawberry dipped in whipped cream .
i love the taste on his lips from the strawberries and whipped cream , she thinks , moaning in delight .
perfect blend of yogurt , bananas , strawberries and spinach , todd said with a grin .
in the seat next to him was katherine wearing a strawberry pink chanel suit .
had it not been for the seriously excellent strawberry waffles it would have been a total loss .
chase has a lovely wife jessica who makes a marvelous strawberry rhubarb pie ( i ve only had the occasion to try it once , a situation which will have to be remedied soon hint - hint - hint ! ) .
chase was said to have an odd speaking style and his wife was said to make a delicious strawberry rhubarb pie .
i grab two and a strawberry protein shake and set them on the table where my dad is shuffling the cards .
in the hard - packed yard , crocuses were popping through a fringe of strawberry plants and a chickasaw plum was shyly in bloom a black crown vic was parked across the street and a small knot of strangers were waving signs and chanting by the front gate .
she hesitated for just a moment while tucking a stray strand of strawberry blonde hair behind her ear .
as always , thomas ordered the half sandwich and soup combo , opting for the club sandwich with tomato soup and his daughter ordered a strawberry chicken salad .
her strawberry blonde hair was pulled back into the same severe bun she always wore to work .
he drank champagne around the diamond in her belly button , fed her chocolate strawberries , and rubbed her feet .
i was the tangerine and you were the strawberry , our favorite fruits .
when i come home ill bring you some fresh strawberries from the market .
i bought some strawberries , though .
` ` i m sure she s all cream and strawberries , but i would nt go dying over her . ''
pepperoni chased by a strawberry slim quick ?
mom gave me a hollywood history book for christmas once , so i knew that the hotel was built in the former strawberry fields of west hollywood in the late twenties .
lynn hates it when people eat in her office , he said , offering jill his strawberry danish with the thumbprint and wax paper wrapping .
paul worked diligently preparing breakfast and before i knew it , i had french toast , bacon , fresh squeezed orange juice , and strawberries placed in front of me .
kendall looked up and saw bennett standing there , his tie askew , his face looking as if strawberry preserves had smeared it .
the aroma hit jaclyns nose , the smell of strawberries lifting her heart and breaking a bit of the tension filling the room .
there was strawberry daiquiri , and black russian all over it .
she smelt like a strawberry cheesecake with vanilla cream .
she smelt of strawberries , a re - fresher then the blood scented building .
it was just the two of us , me and john , standing there i remember it like it was yesterday , you know they gave me some of those little strawberry flavoured sweets , they was lovely , i saved a few .
making her way to an empty table toward the rear where she could watch the door , alex caught the eye of a waitress and asked for a virgin strawberry colada .
alex pulled her strawberry blond hair away from her face with a white headband , and tamed the curls into waves .
popping a third strawberry into her mouth , she leaned back in her chair and enjoyed the sweet flavor as it rolled over her tongue and tickled her cheeks .
shed met the ever - cheerful lizzy , a pretty strawberry blonde with a big heart and even bigger voice , at an audition three years ago .
the av crew finishes both the introductions and the strawberry pasties during breakfast strolling into the interrogation room for questioning .
ice cream , i like strawberry .
i remember that night , because my mother had made strawberry shortcake and the berries were fresh .
chapter seven schulenberger spread the red flame evenly over the tobacco like strawberry jam , and exhaled a great billow of smoke .
i looked over at hailey who had a massive collection of shells : a metallic abalone shell , several spirale strawberry strombuses , one spiky murex ramosus shell , and two wrap around shinbone tibia .
ill take a double cheeseburger , french fries , and a strawberry milkshake , the agent said .
in the next cupboard there is a jar of marmalade and a jar of strawberry jam .
another saturday finished off with a digital , corner shop romance and a strawberry yoghurt .
` ` white , with machine embroidered strawberries or raspberries or something of the sort . ''
` ` so you 're strawberry , '' madison smiled and leaned her head on chase 's shoulder .
the fragrance of the strawberry shampoo and body wash always mixed well in the steamy atmosphere .
in his recently acquired upper west side apartment , advertised - surprisingly accurately given the notorious speciousness of realty - speak - with a view over strawberry fields , jake carver was watching the television .
her strawberry blonde hair was cut into a simple bob with box layers , and light freckles dotted her fair skin .
she could nt eat solid food , so her lunch consisted of a bowl of barbecue sauce that she washed down with big gulps of strawberry milk .
all he found was one bottle of beer remaining from last night , along with carolyns strawberry milk , leftover from yesterdays lunch .
so he grabbed the bottle of strawberry milk , thinking , i could use some help from the healing angel of pain .
carolyn sat in the breakfast nook and glugged down a glass of strawberry milk .
he then made a moat around the outside and filled it with strawberry milk .
so she raised her glass of strawberry milk with her healthy arm and toasted beth .
you are as pretty as a flower , darling , miss rose replied in a motherly tone and handed her a glass of strawberry milk .
four years old , female , from the united states , and has a passion for strawberry milk .
the short strawberry blonde hair , freckled nose , and stern look .
brought in some strawberry rhubarb pie todaywith ice cream , of course .
` ` not even a strawberry or a grape ? ''
gran put together a dozen eggs , two pounds of country ham , a pound of butter , and two quart jars of strawberry preserves .
gran was in the kitchen making strawberry preserves .
she looked at me and laughed , then went back to her strawberry preserves .
he smeared strawberry preserves on dry toast and nodded his approval .
it smelled of strawberries .
reacher slid the head all the way to the top and stripped and took a fast shower , with a cake of pink soap shaped like a strawberry , and baby shampoo .
while mademoiselle is enjoying the strawberries , i will have half an avocado pear with a little french dressing .
he paused while the strawberries came and the avocado pear .
' now , directly we ' ve finished the strawberries . '
' you ca n't gain face from strawberry jam . '
` ` you would n't care for a marrow bone after the strawberries , sir ?
` ` drax likes to play for what he calls ' one and one ' , '' said m. , helping himself from the strawberries that had just been put on the table .
it was ice cold and seemed to have a faint taste of strawberries .
bond sent the cable ' collect ' via western union , had his fourth shower of the day and went .to voisin 's where he had two vodka martinis , oeufs benedict and strawberries .
then there were two thick slices of wholewheat toast , a large pat of deep yellow jersey butter and three squat glass jars containing tiptree ' little scarlet ' strawberry jam ; cooper 's vintage oxford marmalade and norwegian heather honey from fortnum 's .
the champagne seemed to have the faintest scent of strawberries .
in the first compartment , side by side , two elderly men lay , the perspiration pouring down their strawberry faces , in electric blanket - baths .
there were the corbeccola bushes that grew six feet high and had a red fruit that tasted like strawberries , and the guarcias , the giant stone oaks whose bark was exported to the mainland to be used for making cork for wine bottles .
sasha looked up at him , her face flushed an unattractive strawberry red .
i like the strawberry best ... . '' between her rapidly flicking tongue and the friction of the warm , viscous jell - o , it was an erotic experience beyond description .
she is wearing most of her own strawberry jam treat on the front of her shirt .
silver and gold with an enameled translucent strawberry red over a guilloche ground .
a tiny halogen light illuminated the strawberry red enamel .
he 'd eaten one piece of toast with strawberry jam when his appetite suddenly vanished .
oatmeal , strawberries , eggs , juice .
the skull of the near faceless corpse had a huge , gaping hole , as if a postmortem explosion had taken place , the fragments of skin and tissue spread out like an opening strawberry , the fluid gray and diseased - looking .
then she dropped a strawberry into each , watching the drizzle of fizz as they bobbed .
inside the refrigerated truck hastening away from the motel , bourne , wrapped in the bedding , lay amid wooden cases containing plastic baskets of strawberries stacked up almost to the ceiling .
` ` fresh strawberries ; '' guy said .
a powerful flashlight beam played along the center aisle , swept across the floor just beneath the spot where bourne lay suspended amid the strawberries .
lost in thought , dionetti nibbled on strawberries drenched in cointreau and daydreamed of where he might vacation , courtesy of american largesse .
and the strawberries -- - are you enjoying them ? ''
or maybe pink , for a strawberry or a raspberry flavor .
abby served strawberry shortcake and coffee .
he glanced warily around him , then spooned a generous amount of strawberry jam into his cup of tea and stirred .
i bought a dish of strawberry ice cream from the garden ladies , and as i strolled around the courthouse i heard a commotion .
the local spokesperson for the lazarus movement was in her mid - thirties , with a slender , boyish figure , an unruly mop of strawberry blond curls , sea green eyes , and a light dusting of freckles across the bridge of her nose .
the moon peeked out , spreading a silver glow across fields of newly planted strawberries , tomatoes , sugar beets , and wheat , as randi leaned forward , resting her forearms on the back of the seat .
while she takes a moment to admire her work , we can peer over her crisp shoulder and see that the poster announces , in a cheerful burst of hand - drawn balloons , that today is strawberry fest ! ! !
let us descend now , down through the sweet morning air ( it 's warming up already ; this will be a strawberry fest kind of day for sure ) .
a long , long day stretches out ahead of him , ending with the strawberry fest hop at maxton elder care , that house of antiquarian horrors .
chipper maxton , actually his second in command , this rebecca vilas woman , who i am sure is as gorgeous as she sounds , hired me to put on a record hop as the slam - bang climax to maxton 's big strawberry fest .
today she is wearing a light red dress , perhaps in honor of strawberry fest ! , and black high - heeled pumps , probably in honor of her own fine gams .
before he can reply , she turns with a sexy little flirt of the skirt and starts off toward the maxton common room , where that afternoon 's strawberry fest !
on the walls , great big cardboard strawberries have been taped up everywhere , some looking rather battered they have been put up and taken down every july since herbert maxton opened this place at the end of the swingin ' sixties .
oh yes , the strawberry fest hop is always exciting .
on the podium , beneath a beam decorated with red and white crepe and more cardboard strawberries , is a stepladder .
inside the box is a small spotlight with an electrical cord wrapped around it , and a circular pink gel that is meant to turn the light the color of candy canes and sugar strawberries .
but if you will direct your gaze upward ... to my hand instead of my ass ... '' he looks up , face still dazed , and sees one red - tipped nail ( rebecca is a through - and - through vision in strawberry red today , no doubt about it ) tapping a hook that just gleams out of the crepe , like a fisherman 's hook gleaming murderously out of a gaudy lure .
the sign turns out to be a great big strawberry .
today is strawberry fest ! ! !
what , ty marshall wonders , is a strawberry fest ?
the boy is standing astride his bike , just outside the gate , reading the strawberry fest !
tyler has just remounted his bike when the hedge rustles ten feet from the strawberry fest !
there is nothing else to be seen over there but green grass , and closer to the building , the tables where the elderly inhabitants will , at noon , sit down to the strawberry fest picnic .
the real charles burnside has come up for air , perhaps in honor of strawberry fest !
and speaking of strawberries , burny has apparently been into them already .
the car sent by rebecca vilas delivers henry to maxton elder care at three - thirty , ninety minutes before the strawberry fest !
pete stops in his tracks beneath a large cardboard strawberry , holding the suit bag and looking at the blind record - hopper with an amazement henry can almost touch .
lots of old men and women are busily polishing off their strawberry shortcakes and soda pop at the picnic tables , and the piano - playing gent in the straw boater and red sleeve garters comes to the end of ` ` heart and soul , '' ba bump ba bump ba ba bump bump bump , no finesse but plenty of volume , closes the lid of the upright , and stands up to a scattering of applause .
between alice and burny , three - fourths of the residents of maxton 's belly up to the tables , stump around on their walkers , sit beneath the trees , occupy their wheelchairs , hobble here and there yakking , dozing , chuckling , farting , dabbing at fresh strawberry - colored stains on their clothing , staring at their relatives , staring at their trembling hands , staring at nothing .
the women from the kitchen have begun to circulate through the tables with big black garbage bags , for soon they must retire to their domain to prepare the evening 's great feast of potato salad , mashed potatoes , creamed potatoes , baked beans , jell - o salad , marshmallow salad , and whipped - cream salad , plus of course more mighty strawberry shortcake !
we got the greatest deejay you ever heard , a fellow called symphonic stan , the big - band man , waiting to put on a great , great show in the common room , music and dancing right up to the big strawberry fest dinner , and we got him cheap , too but do n't tell him i said that !
maxton 's takes up just about all the land on that section of queen street , and no one was showing up for the strawberry fest until noon .
the amount is almost irrelevant : as we have seen , chipper derives as much pleasure from conning chump change out of the visiting relatives after the strawberry fest as from screwing the government out of ten or fifteen thousand dollars .
not long into the strawberry fest dance , this had been .
i was one lucky woman , i told myself as i sliced strawberries .
somehow , when my mother called while i was slicing strawberries for lunch , i did n't tell her about my morning 's adventure .
` ` fourteen , '' she said precisely , spearing a strawberry with her fork .
elise and me licking strawberry syrup off the blade .
soon his face had flushed and gone blotchy and the burst capillaries stood out like tiny red worms , so that his nose resembled a rotting strawberry .
toward the end of dinner , as they dipped melon balls and strawberries into a pot of scalding chocolate , the conversation took an intimate turn .
she stepped down from the mossy bank and eased into the water , her short hair kindling in the sunlight - champagnecolored and traced with strawberry .
and then of course there would have been plenty of time for that winesack of an uncle of yours , ciccione mario , and your not - quite - past - it mother , droopy - dugs maria , and that luscious little strawberry claudia , your sister .
beatrice mccready ran a hand through her short strawberry hair and said , ` ` honey , sit down .
a perfect strawberry .
it was an aroma not dissimilar to strawberries , and rolled over him , sweet and delicious .
she 'd been nibbling a strawberry as they 'd surveyed what bricker had brought them when she 'd spotted the whipped cream .
she 'd grabbed it up with an oooh of pleasure and squirted some on the strawberry in her hand .
alex had then offered him the can and strawberries .
drifting to a stand with early strawberries , i mentally went through my short list of who might have followed me this deep into traditionally human territory , then winced when i went through the even shorter list as to why .
eyes averted , i angled to put the display of strawberries between us .
my frown deepened when a faint whiff of redwood overtook the smell of chlorine and the tart scent of strawberries .
relax , i told myself , not even seeing the fruit as i picked up a carton of strawberries , fidgeting .
setting the carton of strawberries down , i retreated , my thoughts spinning to the last time i 'd been accosted by a black coven member on a recruitment drive .
head hurting , i eyed the thin band of plastic - coated charmed silver , then flicked my attention to ivy , who finally breezed back into the produce area , coming to a wide - footed stop beside the strawberries to take in the situation .
her magic drifted like a ball of lightning until it rolled under the strawberries , where it exploded .
though bruised and covered in grime and strawberries , she was still smiling .
` ` oooooh , sorry , '' i said , then untangled my scarf , wincing at the sticky strawberry mess it now was .
it was all over but the lawsuits , and i edged away from ivy , slipping on strawberries as i gave her some distance to allow her a chance to get a handle on her instincts .
my gaze went to the floor , seeing the tile unmarked as the bubbles subsided , then to ivy 's arm - numbed , she said - and then to the broken strawberry display , realizing that that , too , could have been white magic .
it did n't match the rest of the no - frills office , and i got up to read the inscription , grimacing when my coat pulled from the metal chair with the sticky sound of strawberries .
killing a strawberry display ?
god , i 'd called her strawberry shortcake .
i had no idea strawberries were that expensive out of season . ''
tired , i shifted my hand to cover up a particularly big splotch of strawberry on my knee .
it smelled like hot strawberries in here .
damn it , i was covered in strawberries and human remains .
i could n't help but wonder who had my kick - butt boots , my jeans , my underwear ... my red leather coat sticky with strawberries .
` ` go , '' vivian said as she gestured to the door , my bag tight in her grip and faded strawberry smears marring the once - perfection of her coat .
ivy curtsied to the departing werewolf , a strawberry on a long silk stem wiggling about in front of her left ear .
she gasped , bunches of grapes and silk strawberries bobbing about .
tunstell caught at her arm , helping her to stay upright while ivy blushed like an overripe strawberry , her eyes downcast .
we had strawberry cheesecake for dessert .
humming to himself , teren finished off the kids ' pancakes by adding strawberry eyes , whip cream mouths and a blueberry nose .
his was there , two small puncture wounds and a small strawberry .
without thinking , she put her palm over the pulsing strawberry that would n't quite heal and held the warmth to her .
she moistened her lips and summoned up all of her courage , pushing the material down to reveal the large strawberry , much like a love bite , but more intense and raw .
carpathian males left pinpricks , maybe a strawberry , and he had left such a mark on her breast the first time he had ever taken her blood .
he bent his head and licked over that strawberry mark that told the world she belonged to him .
her hand crept up to cover the spot on her neck where his mark was the color of a bright strawberry with two distinct impressions of punctures .
he kissed his way down her neck , leaving dozens of little bite marks , tiny stings he eased with his tongue and half a dozen strawberries he left just because he could .
he swept his tongue across the bright strawberry on her neck and lifted his head to look into her eyes as he felt the volcano take him , sweeping him up in a rocketing eruption , killing him with fierce , hot pleasure so that he was reborn , remade .
the ice cream soda was strawberry , bonnie 's favorite .
it looked like a strawberry , or a teenager 's hickey .
spring was the only time esme enjoyed being outdoors , before the cloying heat of summer settled like a wool blanket over the countryside , while the air was still drowsy with roses and lilacs , and strawberries lay hidden like easter eggs in lush , dewy vines .
he raised racehorses on the property , but most of his income came from farming : orange and pecan groves in the south , strawberries on the coast , wheat in the midwest .
as i waited for someone to stop me , i browsed , learning his pecan groves had suffered from a late frost this year but that his strawberries on the coast made up the loss .
she was pretty and young , with her strawberry blond hair and dewy , peaches - and - cream face .
shanna still looked much the same , with her strawberry blond hair and blue eyes .
her hair was longer and a more golden shade than shanna 's strawberry blond hair .
he touched his lips to hers and relished their softness and sweet strawberry taste .
he 'd gone to live with tanya 's family in alaska - tanya the strawberry blonde - the closest friends the cullens had in the vampire world , practically extended family .
i picked out a strawberry cream and a caramel , then offered the box to rhoan .
i bit into the chocolate , felt the gooey strawberry filling spill into my mouth .
he 'd heard flowery descriptions from old books about this moment ... about women tasting like champagne and strawberries and other such nonsense .
the trifle arched up into the air , scattering custard , cake , and strawberries all over the blue brocade and cream furnishings of the well - appointed parlor .
sophronia crawled over to help with the strawberries and cake that now covered the room .
in truth , her sister looked rather like a strawberry meringue , but sophronia was determined to apply her education as much as possible .
lifting a lid to a covered container , i found it full of crushed strawberries .
` ` still , '' i said as my gaze slid to the crock of strawberries .
he was n't eating , and i looked up to see him with knife and fork in hand , watching me scrape the last of the strawberries out with my butter knife .
content , i slid all the strawberries off the remnants of my waffle and concentrated on them .
there were no more strawberries , and i was full .
she thought to herself , slurping her strawberry and mango smoothie .
he favored strawberry milk shakes , which put him in solidarity with eve .
father joe chuckled , then sipped on the strawberry milk shake helen thumped down on the table before him .
behind him on the blanket he left an artfully arranged set of two wineglasses , a bottle packed in ice , and a bowl of out - of - season strawberries looking as if it were june , not september .
i gaped at the towering chocolate cake , easily three feet tall , covered in dark creamy frosting and dotted with thick red strawberries .
i looked down at my ragged nails , stil splotched with iced strawberry polish from the last time jenna had tried to give me a manicure .
he 'd watched her skip and laugh from booth to booth like an eager child , simply enjoying her , loving the way her eyes sparkled , the way her cheeks glowed from peaches to strawberries .
inky strands of hair floated around her , and her skin was flushed , a bouquet of strawberries , peaches and cream .
but he appeared to enjoy it just as any mortal might a strawberry shake .
abby bit into a chocolate - covered strawberry .
she was nibbling on a strawberry and casting curious glances at the crowd of vamps across the room .
he nearly moaned when she bit into a strawberry , then licked the juice from her lips .
no sign of lash , but there was a drive - by of a street racer with something that smelled like fake strawberries behind the wheel .
with lips that were pink , and eyes that were a lovely gray , and cheeks that were the color of the inside of a strawberry , she was too bright to be real .
and yet as he shifted toward her with another ripe strawberry held by its fluffy green crown , she found the fruit was too much to resist .
for a moment , he gave her his strawberry look , that discerning eye of his narrowing and locking on .
she likes the sourdough bread done on both sides , with sweet butter , preferably the whipped kind , and a little strawberry jam .
with strawberry lips and green eyes that were luminous in the lamplight , she was everything the race valued in terms of dna - not a defect in sight .
an anxious - looking darkhaven male with a mop of strawberry blond hair was with him , both of the vampires coming out of the dark - paneled study in the midst of a hushed conversation .
dylan tried not to look at the scrumptious sandwich or the cup of ripe strawberries and peaches that accompanied it .
it tasted like strawberry salt , with a bitter after - flavor .
the bitterness was stronger , barely offset by the strawberries , and the reaction was even faster .
she did n't want to take it -- well , she did , a little , because the strawberry smell of the crystals brought back flashes of the way the world had looked : diamond clear , uncomplicated , simple .
the strawberry flavor was overwhelmed by it , and the aftertaste was rotten and cold on her tongue , and she thought for a second she might throw up ... ... and then everything snapped into hot , sharp , perfect focus .
the strawberry scent teased her , and she shifted them around , watching the light glint on the sharp edges .
the whole place smelled of strawberry and rot , and it felt strangely cold .
i asked , ` ` some people love chocolate ice cream , others prefer strawberry ? ''
` ` listen , bonnie , '' zander said , pushing a long strawberry blonde curl out of her eyes .
as if to distract himself , he strolled over to the picnic basket and rifled through it , popping a ripe strawberry into his mouth .
` ` we 'll see about that , '' he replied cockily , swaggering back to the picnic basket to grab another strawberry .
in no time at all , i was in the fourth- kitchen - on - the - right - just - past - the - boiler- room and had found what i was looking for -- a giant box of mix for extra - sticky strawberry jell - o .
i had made two buckets full of strawberry jell - o and was slowly slopping my way along the basement corri- dor with them when , sure enough , i heard aunt tabby .
i jumped about six feet into the air and nearly fell into a bucket of extra - sticky strawberry jell - o .
last of all i carried out the buckets of extra - sticky strawberry jell - o and set them up on the edge of the balcony .
then i tipped the buckets of extra - sticky strawberry jell - o out .
they got stuck in their hair , they dropped down their necks and got covered in extra - sticky strawberry jell - o .
this great fat cat flying through the air with its hair standing up on end and its claws out , coming gracefully to land on a large puddle of extra - sticky strawberry jell - o .
i ordered it simply because it was red - strawberries covered in syrup - with a strong sweet smell that bees would like .
bonnie frowned , the summer wind whipping her strawberry ringlets around her face .
there was a series of plops , like overripe strawberries being dropped into the trash , and then , ` ` aw , dude .
` ` i understand it 's not unlike a strawberry smoothie , '' mr . boros remarked proudly , ` ` which is much less messy than the old method of removing a portion of the cranial cortex . ''
` ` she thinks ... no , no , young lady , this is a real strawberry smoothie .
when i slunk into the booth , becky was flipping through the tabletop jukebox and sippinga strawberry malt .
it was flannel , with a pattern of little strawberries .
in addition to the massive bride 's cake and the piles of nutty groom 's cakes for the guests to take home , there were rhubarb tarts , stewed cherries , fresh strawberries and purple grapes , gravy boats of clotted cream , and plum pudding .
it slanted diagonally beneath her left cheekbone , pale strawberry color , as if someone had dipped a finger in blusher and then drawn it gently across hannah 's face .
stepping up to the table , she slid her gaze over the selection : oatmeal , chocolate chip , double chocolate fudge , hermit cookies , shortbread , s'mores , butterscotch chocolate chip - ` ` white chocolate strawberry cookies ? ''
even her mop of strawberry blonde hair was tame for a change , tied back in a ponytail .
a flash of strawberry blonde hair caught my eye near them , and i recognized angeline 's lithe figure .
he leaned back and bit into a strawberry .
she bit into a strawberry of her own , white teeth sinking into the fruit .
once again he was overcome with the desire to lick juice off of her lips and chin , perhaps cover the rest of her with strawberry juice , as well , and lick that , too .
stan rice - from ` ` poem on crawling into bed : bitterness '' body of work ( 1983 ) in the glazed greenery of hedge , and ivy , and inedible strawberries the lilies are white ; remote ; extreme .
matt and meredith looked at each other over bonnie 's strawberry curls .
` ` she slid off the love seat and bent her head so that only strawberry curls were visible .
flowers 's kitchen to find a handful of witch hazel , a smal amount of strawberry wine , aniseed , some peppermint oil , and a few other essential oils she had in stock , sweet and sharp .
there would have been big beds with satin sheets and maids who brought strawberries and clotted cream for breakfast .
then she asked for something cal ed a blood jel y that looked to bonnie like a smal mold of strawberry jel -o , with something darker deep inside .
then she had cut one of her own strawberry curls , and placed the locks - one wavy and golden , one curling and red - blond - on damon 's chest .
bonnie ducked her head and clutched at her short strawberry curls , wishing the floor would open up and swallow her .
bonnie , with her hair that was called something strawberry , but that looked simply as if it was on fire .
bonnie , with her petite frame , her curly strawberry hair , her wide , soulful brown eyes .
` ` i think lady ulma really ought to get some rest , '' bonnie said , rubbing her own forehead under tumbled strawberry curls .
you see , no one would wear aqua or green to an outdoor soiree - no , not even you , with that strawberry hair that cries out for it . ''
she was thinking of how a special hairdresser had come to ` ` slick back '' bonnie 's strawberry - colored curls until , darkened into true red , they were plastered flat against her skull and held in place with jade and emerald clips .
but it was a slightly different case , of course , because , to his eyes , she wore a big label with strawberry jam written on it , tied around her neck .
moonlight - colored indoors , it shone a soft shimmering pink , almost exactly the color of bonnie 's strawberry hair , when she was outside .
a murmur into strawberry hair , ` ` i know what you see in the dark .
one of the younger officials was particularly taken with one of ivy 's hats , a large straw affair , covered in silk fruit , grapes , strawberries , and a large knitted pineapple .
` ` i need to go to the bathroom , '' stephanie announced , slurping the last of her own shake , a pink one that smelled of strawberries .
stephanie , do you like white chocolate strawberry cookies ? ''
` ` how about a sweet strawberry smoothie ? ''
olivia started eating her strawberry yogurt .
and we sat in our saturday bedroom and ate three banana chews , five rhubarb custards , ten pink sticky shrimps , four toffees , one piece of fudge , two strawberry chews , and a whole bar of fruit and nut chocolate .
` ` no , wait - i want strawberry this time . ''
plus dessert , '' she added , slathering the strawberry jam over the slice of white bread .
she was short , with a froth of strawberry curls and a pixie face .
` ` the only vampires i ' ve ever seen are the goths trying to get a glimpse of anne rice 's house , who drink strawberry sodas and tell each other it 's blood . ''
fruit roll - up , the strawberry in the pop - tarts , and mashed potatoes for my fruits and veggies .
i had chocolate , she had strawberry , and things were fine until jed walked in .
` ` i was wondering ... '' she leaned a little closer and i could smell strawberries and cream shampoo .
not that it mattered how funny or smart she was or that she smelled like strawberries .
it was n't her hair that smelled like strawberries ; it was her lip gloss .
cassandra chuckled at the exchange before popping a slice of strawberry in her mouth , and then urging the girls to continue their rounds .
somewhere to the right , just off the road , was a rickety old fruit stand whose sign read simply : fresh strawberries .
as she paused to fish out a strawberry , i tried to wrap my brain around the thought of monica living on her own , doing big girl things , doing adult things , and could n't .
she smelled of strawberries .
the girl was dirty , dressed in a stained dress that had a torn strawberry shortcake patch over her chest .
a moment later he was pulling out a strawberry french cruller that looked all kinds of delicious .
a moment later , fang wrote : we used to call those strawberries .
i ignored the running commentary in my head - and the scent of strawberries and blood , which i belatedly realized was the way skylar smelled to the parasite inside of me .
and then the door to the lab space opened , and a familiar woman with strawberry blonde hair peeked in .
skylar 's blood smelled like strawberries .
i could smell strawberries and blood .
packages of frozen strawberries waited in the freezer , and i plucked them out of the frosty depths .
` ` morning , '' i said , flipping one of the strawberry pancakes .
` ` this is really good , '' donovan caine said , attacking his third strawberry pancake .
men and women in various stages of form - fitting undress roamed through the room , offering guests free champagne , chocolate - dipped strawberries , and fresh oysters .
the cherokee still inhabited the mountains around ashland , and more hispanic folks came to the city every summer to pick strawberries , tomatoes , and other crops .
i alternated with bites of my strawberry - and - kiwi fruit salad , tossed with lime juice , vanilla , and just a hint of honey .
tables full of honey , strawberry preserves , and apple butter .
i see a cobbler , muffins , rolls , a chocolate cake , and what i assume are strawberry preserves .
the hookers roamed through the club , offering guests trays of free champagne and chocolate - covered strawberries and hinting at the other delights that could be found on the premises .
evidently , she did n't like the trouble she saw brewing in my cold face because she grabbed her strawberry daiquiri and scooted down to the other end of the bar in search of an easier prospect .
` ` the strawberry pie is excellent today . ''
but even the lush strawberries glinting from their golden crust were n't enough to make her stray from her appointed mission .
spicy southwestern omelets , light - as - air blueberry pancakes , thick slabs of canadian bacon , a sweet , mango - strawberry - kiwi fruit punch .
the men and women who made up the nightclub staff circulated through the crowd , bearing trays filled with chocolate - dipped strawberries , fresh oysters , and tall glasses of chilled champagne .
` ` and i 'll have a strawberry lemonade . ''
` ` it 's a ham sandwich , beans , fries , and two pieces of strawberry pie .
so i dished him up a piece of the strawberry pie that i 'd made last night before closing , and topped it off with a big scoop of vanilla bean ice cream .
finn 's bank had also closed early today because of the weather so he stuck around and worked his sources while he inhaled a third piece of strawberry pie .
bria opted for the pork pit 's most excellent grilled cheese sandwich , along with some potato salad and a piece of strawberry pie - the final slice that finn had n't managed to scarf down yet .
` ` you mean all those pieces of strawberry pie that you ate for lunch were n't enough ? ''
we 're looking for wild strawberries .
ai n't nothing better than wild strawberry preserves on a hot buttermilk biscuit .
it 's not too much farther now to the strawberry patch . ''
` ` the strawberry patch is about a mile up that way .
` ` but it 's too early for strawberries , '' i said to the trees around me .
i frowned , wondering why fletcher would bring me up here to pick strawberries that were n't even ripe yet .
so we focused on our menus and ordered dessert - a classic new york cheesecake with strawberry topping for owen and a decadent black cherry and chocolate parfait for me .
several packs of crackers were crowded onto the counter to the right , along with a tray of cold cuts and another one piled high with an elegant arrangement of chocolates , strawberries , and kiwi slices .
in addition to the deep - fried macaroni , he was also scarfing down baked phyllo cups stuffed with creamy gourmet chicken - apple salad , pineapple boats piled high with a light , airy mixture of cream cheese and toasted slivered almonds , and mini fruit tarts topped with fresh blackberries , raspberries , and strawberries .
` ` there 's the dark chocolate mousse pie you are currently enjoying , along with some chocolate truffles , double - chocolate - chip cookies , and dark - and milk - chocolate - dipped strawberries , kiwis , pineapples , and mangoes . ''
for dessert , there were light - as - air buttermilk biscuits stuffed with some strawberry preserves that jo - jo had made for cooper .
i whipped flour , sugar , salt , eggs , and milk into a frothy pancake batter , then added some fresh summer blackberries , raspberries , and strawberries that jo - jo had left sitting out on the counter .
so was finn , who had not one , not two , but three plates of food in front of him , all of which he was eating from at the same time , taking first a bite of scrambled eggs and then one of biscuits and gravy and following that up with a crunch - crunch - crunch of bacon and toast slathered with strawberry preserves .
i cut my stack of toast into triangles , sampling the strawberry , blackberry , and apricot preserves in turn , enjoying the bright burst of sweet , sticky fruit that tickled my tongue .
all vampires have red hair - ranging from the young strawberry blondes to the ancient mahogany reds .
most of them were young strawberry blonds ; only a few had darker shades .
a young vamp with strawberry blonde hair pushed a large laundry bin in front of her .
her hair was the color of fresh - picked strawberries , and it fell in soft curls around her face .
old , judging from the varying shades of deep red- not a strawberry among them .
the ripe , red strawberry that had been his nose gushed juicy blood .
` ` bacon and strawberries . ''
his bright red eyes , the color of a ripe strawberry , had a horizontal pupil , like that of a goat .
to the right , neat rows of strawberries sat , punctuated by spears of garlic and onion to keep the bugs off .
chocolate - dipped strawberries .
chocolate was expensive and strawberries were way out of season .
dobson snorted in disgust and let the second freezer lid fall and whomp back into place , since it was full of innocent things like frozen packets of corn , bags of cranberries , and tubs of summer strawberries that jo - jo had added sugar to and frozen to eat during the winter months .
still , it was n't all strawberries and shortcakes .
i chuckled around a mouthful of ice - cream - ezra had picked strawberry and it was quickly vanishing - while firmly keeping my gaze away from cahal .
okay , maybe a little moan escaped as i forked another one , even as he nabbed a few strawberries off my plate .
he tried to take my strawberry jam packet .
my hand fisted on the strawberry packet , lips pinched , the smell of bananas wafting toward me .
chapter twenty sipping on a strawberry milkshake in an old school ice - cream parlor , i said what no one else was willing to say , ` ` my prodigy 's family have to be f**king idiots . ''
they made their way to the bar , where bobbie sue ordered a cosmopolitan and vicki ordered a strawberry margarita .
in the last two days , she had baked an apple pie , two cakes -- one chocolate and one strawberry -- and dozens of different kinds of cookies .
shannah ordered a virgin strawberry daiquiri and ronan ordered a glass of red wine .
each breath he took carried the scent of her hair , her skin , her blood , the light flowery fragrance of her perfume , the strawberry scent of her shampoo .
shaking off her fanciful thoughts , she took a seat at the bar and ordered a strawberry daiquiri .
a deep breath carried the scent of strawberry shampoo and warm , womanly flesh with an underlying scent of musk that told him she was as aroused as he .
she smelled of strawberry shampoo , soap , and woman .
she was relieved that her hands barely shook at all as she licked the rich , dark chocolate off a plump red strawberry .
while rhys sat at the other end of the sofa , thinking how lucky that strawberry was .
hurrying across the floor , she lifted the cover of the tray to find a loaf of freshly baked bread , several thick slices of roast beef and cheese , a bowl of strawberries , and two blueberry muffins , as well as packets of honey , sugar , and cream .
munching on a slice of bread smothered in butter and honey , she wondered if he ever missed real food - meat and potatoes , fresh peas and corn , hamburgers and hot dogs , potato salad , freshly baked bread warm from the oven , cakes and cookies , pie and ice cream , grapes and strawberries , malts and sodas and all the other good things to eat and drink that she took for granted .
` ` i make a really wicked strawberry pie , '' she said .
` ` as it happens , '' he said , tamping down both his desire and his hunger , ` ` i know a place that serves a great strawberry daiquiri . ''
she ordered a turkey club sandwich and a strawberry lemonade , then opened the paper she had picked up in the lobby and perused the help - wanted section .
in his seventies , his hair held tight to its strawberry blond color , with only a few signs of graying .
almost like black cherries but better , sort of like ripe strawberries but tangier and sweeter , the exotic flavor had her mouth opening and greedily swallowing .
` ` with extra strawberries , please ! ''
` ` can we do the chocolate fondue for two , with extra strawberries ? ''
brian dipped a giant strawberry into the chocolate , then turned to rachel and said , ` ` open up ! ''
rachel opened wide and ate the strawberry off of his fondue fork .
annabelle shook back her strawberry curls as she sat back on her heels .
annabelle hesitated for a moment before she nodded ; her strawberry curls bounced around her shoulders .
her strawberry curls fell around her shoulders , her rosebud mouth parted in surprise , but she did not move .
her strawberry colored curls were a mess , blood smeared her cheeks , but she appeared unharmed as she bolted toward julian .
she grinned at him , a strawberry colored eyebrow quirked in amusement as her full mouth curled into a bright smile that lit her beautiful face .
she lifted a dainty strawberry blond eyebrow ; her eyes were sharp and fierce as she studied him .
her strawberry hair had been pulled into a loose ponytail that fell to her shoulders in gentle waves .
chapter 11 cassie 's grandmother met them at the door , a strawberry eyebrow raised questioningly as she studied them .
chris pushed a strawberry sundae with no whip cream and extra cherries toward her .
her grandmother loved to ride around town with the top down , the wind blowing her strawberry hair back as she blasted the radio .
her eyes widened , her delicate strawberry colored eyebrows drew sharply together as her azure eyes tracked cassie 's every movement .
cassie 's stomach rolled over again , and she was very fearful that she was going to throw up her strawberry shake before this night was over .
her sweet scent of strawberries and spices assailed him , the beat of her heart pounded in his ears , instantly arousing the hunger that was ever present whenever she was near .
her strawberry blonde hair had been pulled into a ponytail that bounced against her shoulders .
he detected a faint hint of strawberries clinging to her , even though they had washed her in some flowery scent he found did n't suit her .
the tight strawberry blond curls of michalas as he dismounted his horse .
` ` lovely dress , my dear , '' duchess winnie said , leaning forward to take up a little biscuit topped with strawberry preserves and a dollop of cream .
ashe and sali were dipping out strawberries and grapes immediately .
` ` did you eat all the strawberry ? ''
ashe opened the carton of strawberry before grabbing a bowl and spoon .
ashe placed the container of strawberry back in the freezer and grabbed his bowl .
we ran out of strawberries .
` ` i ca n't decide whether i want strawberry ice cream or a brownie sundae , '' nissa stood on tiptoe to see everything from her place in line .
they are with mack and justin at the strawberry farm .
the strawberry farm was on the light half of le - ath veronis - we 'd moved one of kiarra and adam 's old homes there before it was knocked down in fresno roughly two hundred years in the past .
` ` then let 's go to the strawberry farm for breakfast , '' i suggested .
` ` breakfast at the strawberry farm , '' drew said .
when we arrived at the strawberry farm , i saw that shadow had come to breakfast .
long , strawberry - blonde hair was brushed away from her face with a graceful hand and then tucked behind an ear as she stared down a street ; several grand houses stood there , surrounded by well - manicured lawns .
the strawberry souffle would have to wait until later .
around five - eight in height , he had strawberry - blond hair a shade darker than mine and green eyes .
i asked , sitting beside drew to have a biscuit with strawberry jelly and a glass of milk .
i looked like my mother now - she 'd been beautiful when she was young , with strawberry blonde hair that curled just a bit , sky - blue eyes with thick lashes and creamy skin that did n't require make - up .
my strawberry blonde curls were long enough to do that , now .
` ` lissa , sweetheart , charles will come tomorrow evening and drive you into london so you can get your hair done , '' merrill touched fingers lightly to my strawberry blonde curls .
greg and franklin got pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream , along with crispy bacon .
she brought a batch of fresh strawberries with her so she , franklin , greg and i made my version of a special strawberry dessert .
she brought a batch of fresh strawberries with her so she , franklin , greg and i made my version of a special strawberry dessert .
` ` see , that 's her , right there , '' the boy pointed out the strawberry blonde sitting next to the tall , dark haired man on his computer screen .
franklin sat down while i washed the grapes and strawberries and added them to the glass bowl .
i ' m wearing an old mayfield dairy t - shirt , complete with yellow - and - brown cow logo , and hot pink flannel pajama bottoms covered in giant strawberries .
` ` nice strawberries . ''
it shimmers with neat rows of square - shaped tarte citrons , spongy cakes swelling with molten chocolate , caramel eclairs like ballet slippers , and red fruity cakes with wild strawberries dusted in powdery sugar .
i hurry to my room and throw on the strawberry pajamas and an atlanta film festival shirt .
today i ' m a strawberry .
the strawberry fields on the side of the road looked as though they stretched on for miles , but there was n't really much left of the old ranch lands - just the small orange grove across from the chinese strip mall , and the center dividers where last century 's sycamore trees grow in captivity .
if you think about it , there 's something quite depressing about living in a gated community full of six - bedroom ` ` spanish - style '' homes while , half a mile down the road , illegal migrant workers break their backs in the strawberry fields , and you have to drive past them every morning on the way to school .
i thought about the new girl , a world away from the disappearing strawberry fields and man - made lake of eastwood , perched on a gothic rooftop in her funny old clothes , strumming a guitar as she stared out at the bell towers and cobblestones .
i tried not to grin at the image of cassidy pedaling past the strawberry fields on a bicycle .
she tasted like strawberry lip - gloss and diet soda , and she smelled like suntan lotion and my mom 's favorite detergent , and we were sixteen and not fully dressed , even as far as the beach is concerned .
she smelled the way she always did - a combination of scented lotion and lip - gloss and fruity gum that gave the overwhelming impression of artificial strawberries .
i stared out at the migrant workers in the strawberry fields , breaking their backs to harvest off - season fruit , and i thought about how i 'd rather do that today .
her strawberry blonde hair must be from her mother .
his strawberry blond hair is perfectly style bed - head , and when he leans closer i catch the masculine scent of his cologne .
there are a few strawberry bits . ''
when the phone rings , my hands jerk reflexively from the task of chopping the heads off strawberries , and i feel the sharp sting of the blade cutting through layers of skin .
carl turned red as the strawberry charlotte .
i ended up eating my way through the whole stack , along with two croissants with strawberry jam , a bowl of cornflakes , four slices of hot buttered toast , a plate of scrambled eggs , a red apple with crisp white innards , three cups of coffee , and an ice - cold pint of orange juice .
i pick up some chocolate clusters for my brother and a strand of strawberry shoestring licorice for tony .
when i returned to the table , my unfinished beef course had been removed , and a plate with small portions of cheese , garnished with a fan of strawberries and tiny grapes was set in its place .
the first floor was open to the party goers , decorated morbidly in dead flowers , crushed chocolate strawberries and set aglow in redit had taken quite some time to change out the light bulbs .
xavier must have hundreds of them , ranging from raw diamonds as big as strawberries to chunks of quartz and plain old rocks .
i looked over at the strawberry blonde and recognized her as eliza wood .
as i chased a ripe strawberry across the bowl , he leaned over and tucked a damp strand of hair back behind my ear .
eva comes back upstairs with a small glass bowl of strawberries .
i try with the strawberry again , but aramei never changes , so i pop it in my mouth and sigh as i swallow it down .
without turning away from her , i reach around behind me for the bowl of strawberries in eva 's hands and fumble another one into my fingers .
her head and eyes actually follow me , but i feel like the strawberry has nothing to do with her attention .
i bring the strawberry up to her lips and just before it touches them , aramei stuns me and eva both , ` ` release me from his prison , '' she says and i ca n't breathe .
she places the bowl of strawberries on the table next to the balcony and leaves us without another word .
dale shut the door behind me and i saw strawberries dipped in chocolate sitting on the table , along with a dozen roses , a card tucked into their stems .
i thought i would n't be able to focus on the room or anything but dale , but the cool air over my skin , the strawberries and flowers , the big , mahogany canopied bed , and oh my god , the view !
` ` strawberries and roses and champagne . ''
i eyed the strawberries , remembering we 'd left before i could even taste the wedding cake .
i sat in one of the chairs , picking up a strawberry and licking at the hardened chocolate .
i opened the little fridge and picked out one of the chocolate covered strawberries , eating it as i wandered into the living area .
there were berry tarts and chocolate covered strawberries and delicate , lacey cookies .
i sat , contented , in dale 's lap and fed him strawberries , licking chocolate off his lips , until the fireworks show .
the name sounds wrong in her mouth and makes me feel off - kilter , the way i used to feel as a kid at the strawberry festival at eastern prom , standing in the hall of fun - house mirrors : like everything has been distorted .
i kneel down , transfer the coffee into my old backpack - still smelling , faintly , like the strawberry gum i used to chew - and shove the baseball hat over my ponytail again .
derrick and lora have argued vanilla vs. chocolate , chocolate vs. strawberry , filling vs. no filling vs. blah , blah , blah .
it does n't smell like sewage or tater tots or strawberries .
she learns the reason i now have to access information about allergies before eating anything ( after having been nearly killed by a strawberry when i was nine ) , and i learn the origin of her fear of bunny rabbits ( a particularly malevolent creature named swizzle that liked to escape its cage and sleep on people 's faces ) .
her strawberry gloss smeared on his mouth , and he licked his lips , too stunned to do anything but stare .
` ` you come here every morning for coffee , two creams but no sugar , and a wheat bagel with a bit of strawberry cream cheese before heading into the city for work . ''
i let the kiss linger , sucking the strawberry gloss off her lips .
her strawberry hair was blowing free from her habit as she stood there , staring at a river that raged at the bottom of a rocky , steep ravine .
tina seemed exactly like her old self as she pushed aside a bowl of strawberry jam , leaned on the table , and lowered her voice .
i love how you always scoop from the strawberry and vanilla side of the ice cream because you know how much i love the chocolate , even though you love it , too .
seriously , thank goodness this woman is n't my dad 's strawberry blonde date .
looking around her , another woman who could pass for strawberry blonde walks up to the counter .
i ' m not liking kelly with the strawberry blonde hair as much as my dad seems to like her .
i feel myself blushing , my face ripening up like a strawberry .
` ` i like strawberry , '' i reply .
` ` only girls do shit like that , '' a boy had said to matt , making him turn redder than a strawberry .
i feel my face turning the color of strawberry ice cream , but jack just laughs and keeps on beaming .
` ` jack , should n't you be hitching the trailer so you can take strawberry fields to kentucky ? ''
like dad , mom always called me strawberry shortcake because of my hair color , and it annoys me every time cindy calls me by my nickname .
i open strawberry 's tack trunk , pull out her treats , and change the subject .
` ` i want to be with strawberry . ''
` ` shelby thinks that strawberry fields belongs to her , but dad would say otherwise . ''
` ` i ' ve been with strawberry ever since she was a foal ! ''
he walks away without another word , leading strawberry and his sister to the trailer .
dad clenches the strawberry shortcake comforter in his fist and shuts his eyes .
it 'll match your strawberry shortcake bedspread . ''
her strawberry blond hair was combed into low pigtails , and like always , her skin was concealed under half a bottle of foundation .
forty minutes later , i 'd showered , dressed , and consumed a bowl of strawberry oatmeal .
my mom had set out strawberries and a small pitcher of milk , and i added both to the cereal .
fifteen minutes later , we were leaving the drive - through at skippy 's with two grilled hot dogs , one large carton of fries , and two strawberry milk shakes .
` ` you 're up early , '' she said , and paused in her slicing of strawberries near the sink .
mom was fully turned around now , the strawberries and oatmeal long forgotten .
she was in the middle of the lineup , tidying her strawberry blond side ponytail , pinning it in place with a pink plastic flower .
` ` the little strawberry ones , '' vi added , smiling up at the queen .
they were the shape of a pear but the size of a strawberry , and the air around them shimmered with heat .
chocolate - covered strawberries .
she gets a strawberry shake and i get chocolate .
if there 's going to be any kissing going on , i want to taste caleb and not artificial strawberries .
her lips taste like strawberry lip balm .
a plastic cup full of strawberry smoothie - my favorite - was set in front of me .
my entire inner elbow looked like a fleshy strawberry .
i slopped some on my plate while craving a strawberry smoothie .
and my thermal had little strawberries on it .
chocolate - covered strawberries rolled temptingly .
he picked up a strawberry , inspecting it with narrowed eyes .
i watched him root around for another strawberry .
a coughing fit doubled him over , and when he sat back , his face was the color of ripe strawberries .
during my dessert of custard and fresh strawberries , lilly appeared to rather officiously announce i would be sleeping in the room next to hers and she hoped i did n't snore because the walls were quite thin and she was a very light sleeper .
` ` stuffed french toast , sweet potato hash and strawberries and cream . ''
it was spread with mounds of my favorite french toast that was stuffed with oozing nutella , sweet potato hash that he 'd made exactly how i did , despite my vague and confusing - on - purpose instructions , and strawberries that he 'd somehow cut and stuffed with the hand - whipped cream .
` ` fine with me , '' renee said , piling her plate with strawberries and cream and only one piece of french toast .
hope brought out strawberry shortcake , and we all stuffed our faces .
it was a bit like a strawberry gone nuts , but with books .
i ordered a pb and j with strawberries , and he got banana in his .
i hurry to open the door , expecting - sigh - one of tracy 's exes , daring after too many strawberry daiquiris at the country club , come to win her back .
but , because life is unfair , nan 's hair is a pale , washed - out strawberry blond , and she has freckles everywhere and blond eyelashes .
she 's bent over the jelly beans , her fine strawberry hair tucked behind one ear , a ragged fingernail in her mouth .
mom always does this in front of the fridge , as though she 's expecting the bowl of strawberries to shout ` ` eat me '' or the orange juice to jump out and pour itself into a glass .
i lean past her for the strawberries .
i hit blend and the kitchen fills with the sound of pulverizing strawberries and ice .
i stick my spoon into my smoothie , squishing a slice of strawberry against the side .
i return the strawberries to the fridge , then root around my smoothie with my spoon , looking for more pieces of fruit that escaped the blender .
mom opens the refrigerator and moves the strawberries from the second shelf , where i had put them , to the third shelf .
i scoop out a strawberry and gobble it down .
duff 's allergic to strawberries .
like chocolate chip seal or seal with strawberry swirl ? ''
my stomach turns - first because no one should put a piece of steak in their mouth at the same time as a strawberry , and second , it means he 's not doing as well as i want him to - at least not tonight .
` ` to put both steak and strawberries in the same place . ''
it was full - butt underwear , patterned with strawberries , faded .
to escape the heat , people flocked to the country club pool , gathered around the local rita 's for extra - large strawberry ices , and skinny - dipped in the duck pond at peck 's organic cheese farm , despite the decades - old rumor that a dead body had been found there .
but everything today had reminded her of that awful trip : the artificial strawberry smell of someone 's spray - on sunscreen , the brand of orange drink sold in one of the cafes , a boy 's t - shirt that said jamaican me crazy !
they all had politically correct names like free - trade vanilla , sensitively harvested chocolate , organic strawberry , and cruelty - free rocky road ( no marshmallows ) .
aria had meredith 's last name - stevens - from a strawberry ridge yoga schedule she found online , so she searched google for meredith 's phone number .
one spilled a strawberry smoothie in emily 's lap and another burst into tears .
the waitress dropped a few strawberries into the liquid , and it fizzed dramatically .
she leaned across the table , her mouth so close that hanna could smell her strawberry lip gloss .
there was always fresh bread and butter , along with a red and gooey spread momma oaks called strawberry jam .
` ` it was a strawberry tart , '' said mr . de villiers , with a twinkle in his eye .
` ` okay , lucy : first , you kiss kind of like ... like strawberries taste .
they 're both statuesque and tall ( the bitches ) , daisy with dark shoulder - length hair , and cass with a strawberry blonde bob .
little individual ones , really thin , with fat strawberries that we picked ourselves , and fresh whipped cream . ''
there was a set of keys with a heart - shaped key chain that said ` ` i love va . '' there was lip balm -- the kind that smelled like strawberry .
nick zeroed in on a silver bowl that had just been filled with three scoops of strawberry ice cream .
` ` apple jacks in strawberry milk ? ''
` ` she liked them with strawberry milk , too . ''
with strawberries . ''
there was a big creamy looking pie , several puffy little confections with a ton of frosting on them , some cookies , chocolate dipped strawberries , and some other delicious but unidentifiable desserts .
i pick up the bottle of strawberry syrup that 's in the tray at the end of the table .
i nod , running my fingers through her soft hair that smells like strawberries .
` ` i 'll have some pancakes , toast with strawberry jam , and a tall cup of milk , '' doug says and looks at me with a small smile .
i get a whiff of her hair , strawberries and something else that 's only callie .
she taste like chocolate and smells like strawberries as my tongue explores every inch of her mouth .
` ` i do n't like any of the flavors except for the strawberry . ''
we 'd given her a ton of stuff to remember - the bread had to be the club 's signature gluten - free variety and the fruit salad could contain only grapes , pineapple , and star fruit - no melon or strawberries .
i idly pass the giant bag of strawberry licorice across the couch to charlotte .
there was a long table filled with mexican hot dogs , vegetarian burritos , sushi rolls , and chocolate - covered strawberries .
both had brought organic strawberry yogurt and a banana .
emma asked casually , popping a strawberry life saver into her mouth .
mr . vega was now standing with his wife , picking at a plate full of strawberries dipped in chocolate .
thayer 's cheeks bloomed strawberry red .
i nearly choke on my own strawberry twist .
her eyes reminded me of a little girl 's as he scooped the strawberries and homemade whipped cream deliciousness onto the deep - fried mound of dough .
i do not , and i emphasize , do not mean comfortable as in me dressing down to my speedo and massaging you with hot scented oils , '' -another hand joined the other on her hips- '' or dipping succulent strawberries in a vat of molten chocolate and lifting it to your lips while james brown plays in the background . ''
` ` although i am surprised there are n't halls labeled with the wings they lead to and a handful of staff waiting at the ready to bring you a strawberry topped funnel cake whenever the midnight craving should arrive . ''
there 's a dirt road that runs along the side of the lake , and on the way over i bum a strawberry wine cooler from shawnie , not for me , of course , but for aimee .
her lips taste like strawberry lip gloss .
like a big butterscotch sundae with swirls of strawberry mixed in , melting into the ocean .
he went to the freezer and pulled out a flat full of strawberries .
` ` no , but the owner is thinking of selling and said i 'd have an opportunity to buy it , '' noah replied , methodically and quickly working through the flat of strawberries .
he did n't seem to care however , scooping my diced strawberries into a stainless steel container with his .
i have n't seen a strawberry in weeks , but somehow my sister smells of them .
she is a sunbeam that smells of strawberries .
i pull her close and drift back to sleep , breathing in her strawberry scent .
` ` all i could think was that strawberry shortcake ... '' i paused once more , running my tongue the length of her .
` ` that strawberry shortcake had run me off . ''
i turned back around and grabbed some strawberries .
there was a small dining room table on the right side of the room and it was covered in chocolate covered strawberries , fruit , more white candles and red and white roses .
there were chocolate covered strawberries on the edge of each layer and on the top of the cake .
there were massage oils and lotions and chocolate covered strawberries .
next to the bed was a huge plate of chocolate - covered strawberries and a bottle of veuve clicquot brut champagne , ari 's favorite .
a bottle of wine with two glasses sat next to a large tray of fruit and chocolate - covered strawberries on the kitchen table .
gunner sat down next to me and pulled out a bowl full of fresh fruit , a strawberry - banana yogurt , and an orange juice .
as i followed amanda , i noticed there was a tray of chocolate - covered strawberries and another tray that had fruit and cheese on it .
going up strawberry canyon with the fringed beard , finding a desolate and isolated spot for magic , learning the words- hell , he could even remember the words .
he smelled of sandalwood and something fruity , like a strawberry lollipop just freed from its wrapper .
no strawberry lollipop this time , but that hardly mattered .
on his taste , so sweet and addictive , like strawberries and chocolate .
he tasted of mint and strawberries , my two favorite things - i needed more .
we walked the high line , biked over the brooklyn bridge , told each other secrets in strawberry fields .
in the darkest corner , we 'd hidden notes to each other ; jokes and riddles and rules for spies , folded beneath the jars of strawberry and plum preserves that we 'd devour , scraping to the bottom the treat made all the sweeter for being stolen out of mrs . sullivan 's pantry .
my mouth is suddenly flooded with the taste of strawberries from sweeter and happier days .
` ` or a slab of junior 's cheesecake , with strawberries . ''
i could hear his voice as if he were as close as holden - and nothing to get hung about - because he was always singing , because he loved music , he loved strawberry fields and the ` ` imagine '' mosaic and the wistful desire in john lennon 's lyrics and message .
we began to walk down the other side of strawberry fields .
where , with violent shaking fingers , she 'd bought a pair of wool leggings at strawberry and then changed into them in a station bathroom .
` ` tastes like peaches and cream , with a hint of strawberry . ''
if i was dying after this conversation anyway- ` ` i 'll have a strawberry milk shake . ''
in the cone of orange light thrown by his flashlight into this hidey - hole , the jars sparkled like a hoard of rare gems : small , beveled glass jars of strawberry jelly , deep orange marmalade , blueberry jelly ; larger pint and glittering quart mason jars packed full of pickled carrots , asparagus spears , mushrooms , potatoes , and other vegetables , as well as fruits .
the door cracked a few inches , revealing the worried eyes of that morning 's guard - a strawberry blond named eli - and then a flash of golden braids as ellie pushed past .
it felt like her insides were the lid on a jar of strawberry jam , capped too tight , and now someone strong enough had finally twisted to release all that pressure with a little pop .
` ` liar , '' liv said matter - of - factly , shoveling the last spoonful of strawberry yogurt into her mouth .
i worked to create what i thought was a bite - sized forkful of strawberry graham tart .
i could n't think what i was so desperately missing - surely not my parents , who had n't been around enough to be missed - until i realized that the emotion was being triggered by the wildly sweet strawberry scent of rachel 's shampoo .
next to me , rachel opened her beaded smiley face purse and removed some strawberry lip gloss .
rachel was managing to fill the entire car with some very sweet , highly artificial scent that was probably meant to be strawberry .
beautiful chocolate layers bursting with raspberries , yellow sponges smothered with fluffy buttercream , cloying cheesecakes drizzled with strawberry nectar .
she waited to see if he would challenge her , but he just said , ` ` i ' m allergic to strawberries . ''
i nabbed a strawberry from the fruit salad that had somehow materialized on our table while we danced .
levi grabbed another strawberry for me before i even finished the first .
i ate the second strawberry before getting out of my chair again .
she relaxed among some strawberry runners to see what he would do .
she turned back to the shindy and lobbed a small strawberry at it , hitting its bare rump .
it turned and she waved and , after pausing to peck at the strawberry , it shuffled toward her .
thirty - three the huge human cook awoke before dawn with her mouth watering from a dream of strawberries , but when she went yawning into the dooryard to gather some , she found the runners plucked clean of every last fruit .
bennacio sat beside me , nibbled on some toast with strawberry jam , sipped coffee , and said nothing .
i swallowed the bit of strawberry that had been in my mouth .
well , they think we wo nt do that because that is exactly what they would be expecting , so by actually doing it , we can trick them , i rambled on and grabbed another strawberry .
we just tell them we want a day to do girl things and they ll butt right out , she slid onto the floor and snatched a strawberry .
the day before it had been orange butterscotch and strawberries with a wine sauce .
today , stalin 's heart felt heavy as well , and as he left the massive cathedral where he had been at mass he bought a strawberry ice cream cone from a vendor on the sidewalk .
a thin rivulet of strawberry ice cream escaped down the side of stalin 's cone and over his hand , splatting onto the carpet below .
no orange juice in the fridge , so i include a glass of milk and a small plate of strawberries on the side of the tray .
she s wearing the same blue flannel pajama pants along with an old strawberry shortcake t - shirt soaked against her body .
my teddy bear and her strawberry shortcake grin at each other , hiding murder beneath wet fabric and cold skin .
i brought some fresh bread for breakfast and a bowl of strawberries , edie may said and kissed lilly ann on the cheek , you must be hungry and our friend needs to keep his strength up too .
bread and butter , ham and honey , strawberries and tea appeared on a serving tray next to taylors bed .
because fresa is spanish for strawberries , and strawberries are my favourite fruit .
because fresa is spanish for strawberries , and strawberries are my favourite fruit .
do nt you know that strawberries are indigenous to america ?
their strawberry picking led them up the hill .
tall and slender , with strawberry - blonde hair falling in waves to her waist , the woman wore a long flowing robe of coarse linen , dyed the palest purple and decorated with a single lotus blossom on the left sleeve .
his nose took on the aspect of an unripe and misshapen strawberry , or one that was beginning to turn color on one side , thanks to the sunburn on pale skin .
just the usual stuff he told her when pressed to describe the bags contents : six powdered donuts , two jelly rolls , a snickers bar , a honey bun , and a large strawberry slurpie .
the sweet strawberries scent nearly knocks ryu of his feet and into heaven , you see this tree right here ?
ryu notices that alexis is gone and begins to look around , then follows the strawberry scent up the tree seeing part of alexis underwear , he grins and drools a bit , hey !
marlin could nt stop laughing as clift kicked one of the warriors into the paint vat , emerging as a human strawberry .
he placed his order for the lighter serving of cantaloupe , melon slices and strawberries .
she did not feel hungry but she longed to sink her teeth into the waffle loaded with whipped cream , covered in strawberries and drizzled with dark chocolate .
i love strawberries , i said to atticus as we both walked down the street .
pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream .
and then i spotted it -- a silver bracelet with a strawberry red ruby in the middle , just like the one from my dream .
when i came out there was a small pint of strawberry ice cream waiting for me on the table- it was a good start to an apology along with the empty house .
and should you really be eating strawberry ice cream at this hour ?
the next morning i d fallen asleep at the breakfast table and when i awoke my frosted strawberry milkshake had already melted and was dripping down the side of the glass .
there was also a patch of strawberries , kiwis , and other fruits .
good morning sadness sadness is a friend of melancholy you know the road that will take you to happiness so that you will not be sad or melancholic anymore november the month colorful autumn leaves are all around the first snow falls fresh and light like your soft face your cheeks on the first cold morning red like the roses in may the description of your visage is always near my heart you are still a young suave girl with eyes like wet violets your hair is autumn red but your visage is not melancholic like autumn yet like the smile of paradise sweet and suave like venus of the ocean a sweet divine creature made of strawberry milk and petals of rose flowers perfumed with spring air as autumn returns every year it seems less melancholic with you on my horizon yet calmer and happier the winter , spring time and summer are good friends of autumn the other seasons will be happy to welcome autumns smile again no more melancholic autumns for me .
as the figure got closer lex noticed it was a girl about his age with blue jeans and creamy yellow sweater with strawberry shoulder length hair tucked into a matching yellow tuque .
a bagel with cream cheese and a parfait , looked like blueberries and strawberries in there with vanilla yogurt .
liam and philippa , she added , pointing to the short lad with light hair and the girl with strawberry blonde hair and a sort of doll - like complexion .
it was like sweet lemon at one time , then like fresh strawberries , and then it tasted like chocolate caramel .
he then offered them both fresh strawberry shortcake , but they both declined .
me and my friends thought of ordering 3 strawberry and peach milkshakes because ordering a brand like coca cola which we can drink from any country in the world will not adds any specialty to our trip to dubai .
she savored the sweet strawberry flavor of the seeds inside the pod .
over in an area of open space and high grass grew a large patch of wild strawberries .
he marveled at the difference between wild and grocery store strawberries for these were tiny in comparison , but no less delightful .
her skin was light ivory , contrasted with pink in her cheeks and the dark red crushed strawberry of her full , parted lips .
i hope you like strawberries , kerou said as she placed a small bowl of fruit with a side cup of whipped cream down on the cocktail table .
back on the patio , felicia was savoring a strawberry smore with marshmallows fresh from over the grill .
tomika reached into the bag she was toting and handed to kerou a package of fruit candy and a bottle of strawberry soda .
he winked , and two heaping platefuls of waffles topped with strawberries and cream appeared on the table .
giddeon had strawberries and red cream over a huge slice of vanilla .
the answer , of course , was back at the garden of eden eating strawberries .
` ` i can make you an awesome strawberry margarita , '' she offered with a sassy smile .
glancing at the sluggish , dark broth , she experienced a sudden , inexplicable craving for the fresh tastes and colours of summer : blooming red strawberries and raspberries , blackberries and blueberries , even the tangy sweetness of rowan .
i ve really wanted a nice strawberry milkshake these past couple of days .
a strawberry milkshake ?
jill ran the shower in her room and started to rummage through the mini bottles of soap and found one labeled fresh mountain strawberry moisturizing shampoo .
ladies and gentlemen , the cook said as he walked toward jill and jack with two tall glasses filled with strawberry milkshakes .
jack , did you tell the cook how much i was looking forward to a strawberry milkshake ?
i wonder if he can smell the strawberry scent from the shampoo .
when we landed on the aircraft carrier , you had the cook make me a nice strawberry shake , remember ?
he always thought she was kind of a cute strawberry blond with an ample supply of freckles .
her strawberry blond hair was almost shoulder length with enough curl to frame her round face .
her strawberry blond hair had fallen across her face and was hanging down over her right shoulder .
nina leaned back on the chair , enjoying the sweetness of strawberry flavor spreading inside her mouth .
is your favorite strawberry shake waiting there tasha ?
on the cabinet was a bar of strawberry flavoured chocolate , her favourite . ''
contents strawberry feels forever vengeance is mein embarrass the wind ` ` jacob was angry and took laban to task .
there was a cutting board and knife and bowls containing apples , peaches , and strawberries .
j took a seat opposite time and , feigning confidence , helped himself to a strawberry .
j was left sagging on his elbows , one outstretched hand touching the bowl of strawberries , as dripping beads of sweat pooled on the old wooden tabletop .
time 's image shot forward like a flash of lightning while , in a move more of instinct than reason , j lifted the strawberry bowl and held it in front of him .
j got to his feet , having scooped up the last of the strawberries .
` ` i s'pose yer right , '' he reflected , dumping the strangely tingling strawberries into the larger bowl with the rest of the fruit .
ido knew all the spots to find strawberries , raspberries , blueberries and blackberries , just leave it to her .
please help this girl lay off the strawberry cheesecake , unless she gifts the church with some too next time she comes !
and hila had a strawberry margarita , no salt .
the strawberry redheaded woman picked up a vial and sat it on the table .
but tomorrow , ethan , morgane le fay interjected as she played with a loose strand of her curly strawberry hair .
the strawberry blonde locks of her hair melted into the picture as if in a painting .
upon hearing this , honks expression sharpens a little as he is handed a tall glass of strawberry milk by one of the servants .
no , scrub dweeb , were leaving via the space gate , he says , inebriated on strawberry milk .
lily , with her strawberry hair and pale blue eyes was dainty , cute and unavailable , so he never pushed his luck with her .
a young petite girl with long strawberry hair approached horridly .
tonights dessert , a strawberry and vanilla rainbow parfait preserved in a tall narrow glass brought to you and placed on the platter , she consumes the first bite then i grab my dessert spoon aiming and targeting and attacking the cool dessert .
where re all the strawberries in my parfart ?
woots turning a bright pretty color of strawberry red on his face .
i am trying not to make woots face strawberry tart again .
she wandered further off , attracted by some strawberries on a sun drenched slope .
i took a sip of strawberry juice and padded pauli 's back .
i smell the strawberries , growing wild along the cracks of the rock .
i touch his rough flesh of lips , tasting strawberry bubble gum .
and , she tasted like strawberries , not sweet , not tart .
the planes only passenger strode down the stairs revealing herself to be a well dressed and regal strawberry blond of about forty and not a target of their surveillance .
without breaking eye contact sally let the top of her robe fall as she seductively rubbed strawberry preserves on her nipples .
he remembered eating strawberries on the seine , and julie 's face laughing into his .
come and have some strawberry shortcake , girls .
another lass , with strawberry hair , plunked her well - sculpt ass in his lap , while a third lasstoo late for the lapknelt aside him and began stroking his loin .
it was a warm , sunny day , early in may , and we spotted a delightful strawberry cake which we bought for his kids back at the house .
she had straight , white teeth between lips as red as strawberries , and her eyes were as large and brown as a does .
when he visits , he brings along a slice of her favorite cheesecake , the one with strawberries piled high in whipped cream , and takes her for long leisurely walks around the park while she giggles and sneaks a ciggy from the fresh pack of lucky strikes he buys especially for her .
i ' m so getting laid tonight by a strawberry bush .
something that pairs well with strawberry pie !
and that 's what i told her while i was picking strawberry pie crumbs from my face .
the scent of chocolate covered strawberries reached her nostrils , drawing her deeper into the spell .
i knew your favorite food was chocolate and strawberries , he answered softly .
echo sipped the tea which tasted to her , of course , like chocolate and strawberries .
as the river began its bend , a strawberry stand sat with its back against the rivers edge .
they approached with open , staring eyes , watching a little girl throw a big pink ball against the whitewashed side to the strawberry stand .
how much are your strawberries ?
and thank you again for the strawberries !
back at the strawberry stand , lanie threw her ball against the wall and missed the catch .
how long since we last ate something more than a single strawberry ?
she was carrying a bucket of little strawberries .
we have strawberries .
i filed out behind her , the smell of strawberries wafting off of her .
i had caught a deer , and bakar had a few strawberries .
the table had an old looking book on it and a plate of strawberries .
she grumbled , taking a strawberry off the plate and putting it in her mouth .
her stomach turned and she pushed the strawberries away .
and a strawberry milkshake ?
a few strawberry strands twined around my hands ; i shook them into my trashcan and forced myself to take a steadying breath before heading out my office door .
i ran down the stairs and into the kitchen where my nose led me to grams waffle and strawberries and cream special .
breene : website : kfbreene.com blog : kfbreene.org facebook : www.facebook.com/authorkf twitter : @ kfbreene sign up to her mailing list for new books and an exclusive monthly giveaway for your chance to win a $ 100 gift card : http : //www.kfbreene.com / newsletter.html the girl inside the wall book 1 of demons among us patrick quinlan smashwords edition copyright 2012 patrick quinlan a strawberry book smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
everything in the basket tied to katins saddle had been bought at farms , inns , and little markets along the road : cold spicy sausage , fresh crusty bread , a jar of honey and another of strawberry jam , dried apricots and peaches and walnuts .
hell , when he ordered a strawberry milkshake i was examining his bare chest with as much pleasure as our poor , flustered waitress .
he shook his head absently as he picked strawberries and put them into a wicker basket .
when i closed my eyes , i could still smell her favorite lotion , some type of strawberry scent .
she wanted , needed , to scrub the events of the night from her skin , fill her nostrils with the scent of strawberry shampoo in hopes of it purging the fetid stench of charred flesh from them .
blood continued to turn the spume into a noxious strawberry milkshake , then , all of a sudden , the eel 's body stilled , and slowly sank into the pink waters .
more importantly , it was a strawberry cake .
but i m with my best friend , there is a tablet full of movies i love , a strawberry cake that is begging to be eaten , and i m still alive and free .
not just any cake , strawberry cake .
the strawberry cake of the previous evening conjured itself in my memories like a traitorous letch .
father jared inspected the basket of berries closely ; they looked like freshly - picked strawberries , small , red and ripe .
she moved the basket of strawberries away from him , and picked up a wooden knife that was lying on the table .
she had cut the strawberries in an instant , and was spreading the pieces into the tart , covering them afterward with extra strips of dough in a crisscross pattern .
she went red as a ripe strawberry , taking in lord leighs disreputable appearance , and then she turned her gaze onto the king , in horror .
he popped like a strawberry .
jack ran his hand through his strawberry blond hair .
i had never tasted such a sour strawberry flavor in my life , but the rest of the kids who got my flavor loved it , and after shoving about half in my mouth i gave up on it .
this one has a bit of a strawberry flavor to it .
strawberries are one of my favorite fruits , i explained , suddenly missing home greatly , and wishing i had some real strawberries to eat .
strawberries are one of my favorite fruits , i explained , suddenly missing home greatly , and wishing i had some real strawberries to eat .
well , it has a bit of the strawberry flavor in it , i tried to explain .
actual strawberries taste so much better , i said .
i and holly whirled around and saw a girl with strawberry blonde hair and icy blue eyes .
` ` it began with a taste like ginger ale , and then morphed into sweet and soft strawberry cream .
then it sweetens and becomes strawberry cream , cozying the reader up and snuggling them into the story .
stephanie shook her head , sending her mane of strawberry blonde hair flying .
her frizzy strawberry blonde hair became smooth and silky , and she looked gorgeous .
his second in command was the evil genius dr prawn balti - naan , who desired to create the super curry , conducting hideous genetic experiments involving turmeric powder and strawberries .
i passed the bowl of fresh strawberries , knowing she loved the fruit .
i ate another strawberry and she cried out , cin , come now , do not toy with me so !
clarissa took a strawberry and dipped it into some cream .
on it were some bread , cheese , strawberries and a pot of tea .
her strawberry blonde hair was disheveled and she had dark smudges under her clear blue eyes .
meredith rolled her eyes and took a bite of the toast , which was whole wheat with strawberry jam , her favorite .
its not my fault she makes such good apple pie with strawberry sauce and double cream !
he kissed her forehead , the lingering scent of strawberries and cream shampoo tickling his nose .
do you want me to smell like strawberry shortcake ?
despite the green tint , the vibrancy of her strawberry - hued hair leaked through at the edges .
sallie and i were eating a piece of cornelius ' vanilla cream cake with strawberry icing and talking with mrs mcmillan when the music stopped abruptly .
it was sweet and tasted like strawberry jam , he thought .
it tasted of strawberries and was very cold .
it was huge and the drink in it looked and smelled like a mix between strawberry lemonade and vodka .
while searching for victor some kid bumped into me and spilled his whole cup of strawberry lemonade and vodka drink on me .
something covered my whole body and it smelled heavily of sour strawberries and alcohol .
i hear madam evlen can be easily persuaded to make a strawberry tart if you pick them yourself .
on one of the plush white pillows sat a plate of fruitcherries , strawberries , raspberries , grapesall things red , and wet as if with dew .
while she ate , julio opened his lunch and an attractive strawberry blonde girl , a caucasian of similar age to alex and julio , came up from behind alex and placed a pint sized container of milk in front of julio and said , ` ` there .
amelia 's strawberry blonde hair was high in a tight bun and her pearl earrings and necklace matched well .
but just so you know , we 're out of fresh raspberries and strawberries over here so we wo n't be able to make any low - sugar smoothies today .
chriss little sister , fiona , was sitting at the kitchen table , lazily smearing large chunks of strawberry jam on her toast .
charlie picked up a strawberry , examined it carefully , then began to eat it in tiny , bird - like bites .
echo forced herself not to nag charlie to get some protein , stare disapprovingly at her breakfast of five strawberries and half a slice of plain toast , or quiz her about the state of her digestion .
charlie finished her strawberry , nibbling carefully around the cap .
charlie examined a second strawberry , found some invisible flaw in it , and set it aside .
hello , welcome to enchanted , a woman with strawberry blond hair and green eyes said from behind a register that was sitting atop a thick glass encasement .
we were drinking sparkling grape juice through straws and toasting each other with a cold strawberry pop - tart when we finished .
` ` i do n't know ... . '' he thought for a while , ` ` apples maybe ... ah ... strawberries ... '' ` ` durian ... .. '' she laughed again .
i could feel everyones eyes on top of me , but i ignored them and started spreading some strawberry jam onto my toast .
i bet a man of such diverse talents would like a lovely strawberry tart . '
she had ordered a strawberry daiquiri , and insisted that shadow taste it , and laughed delightedly when he did .
he had kissed her good night that night , and she had tasted like strawberry daiquiris , and he had never wanted to kiss anyone else again .
there was a clump of strawberries beside him , and certain death above him and below .
and the reply was , eat the strawberries .
so he closed his eyes , threw himself into the kiss and experienced nothing but sam 's lips and the softness of her skin against his , sweet as a wild strawberry .
a thousand memories began to play at once : she was lost in a department store the week before christmas and her father was nowhere to be seen ; and now she was sitting in the bar at chi - chi 's , ordering a strawberry daiquiri and checking out her blind date , the big , grave man - child , and wondering how he kissed ; and she was in the car as , sickeningly , it rolled and jolted , and robbie was screaming at her until the metal post finally stopped the car , but not its contents , from moving ...
clary 's own face smiled back at her from the top of the bedside table , five years old , gap - toothed smile framed by strawberry hair .
the patch comes loose and glides away from my finger , becoming a pulsing strawberry colour .
' with a choice of sunkissed vegetables in season , and then strawberries and cream . '
' hit the man over the head with a melon and thumped him into the strawberries and kicked him in the nuts and set fire to his stall and stole all the money ? '
' the lady who invented the strawberry wobbler ? '
she ducked behind the curtains , feeling as conspicuous as a strawberry in a stew , certain that the sound of her heart would give her away .
the most you had to worry about was ogle of poor old reg plenty 's trouser buttons in the farmhouse nutty and the time young weevins minced his thumb in the stirring machine and it was only by luck they happened to be doing strawberry yoghurt at the time- a figure loomed up beside him .
4 a term invented by the wizard denephew boot * , who had found that by a system of rewards and punishments he could train a dog , at the ringing of a bell , to immediately eat a strawberry meringue .
got any strawberry jam ? '
' he sez , the great nunco invented the strawberry sackville for dame wendy sackville , and the famous chef imposo created the apple glazier for dame margyreen glazier , and your own father , charley , honoured dame janeen ormulu with the orange ormulu and tonight , charley , it 's your big chance . '
the paper lid was covered with badly printed pictures of unbelievably flawless strawberries , surrounding some ornate lettering which read : ronald soak , hygienic dairyman strawberry yoghurt ' fresh as the morning dew ' soak ?
susan opened her hand and looked at the crushed strawberry whirl she had picked up .
i can detect ... sugar , milk , butter , cream , vanilla , hazelnuts , almonds , walnuts , raisins , orange peel , various liqueurs , citrus pectin , strawberries , raspberries , essence of violets , cherries , pineapples , pistachios , oranges , limes , lemons , coffee , cocoa- ' ' nothing there to be frightened of , right ? '
' it said ` ` 19 pints and a strawberry yoghurt '' , ' said keith .
i do n't know about the strawberry yoghurt . '
' the strawberry yoghurt is probably not important .
incidentally , we intend eventually to flavour the gum in liquorice , orange , cinnamon and banana flavours , but not strawberry because i hate strawberries . '
would you like a strawberry ? '
they taste like strawberries ? '
legend said that one day the city would have a king again , and went on with various comments about magic swords , strawberry birthmarks and all the other things that legends gabble on about in these circumstances .
pink veins made a map of quite a large city on his cheeks ; his nose could have hidden successfully in a bowl of strawberries .
' and a strawberry birthmark , ' said nanny ogg , ignoring the interruption .
' a strawberry birthmark , ' she repeated .
o'course , i do n't know how they know it 's strawberry . '
' ca n't abide strawberries , ' said granny vaguely , quizzing the crystal again .
it would come with real scones , clotted cream thick as butter , and fresh strawberry jam .
summers on the oregon coast , strawberry crepes saturday mornings , my mother 's perfume that was like walking through a lavender field , the way dad 's favorite polo shirt would smell after mowing the lawn .
a stronger gust blew , and , unconsciously and with startling speed , i thrust my arm out and grabbed the corner before it gusted into a bowl of strawberry preserves .
and yet if he had proffered such explanations to any person or dog , what he held upon his flattened palm would have announced him as a liar : he carried with him a plate with a damask napkin draped over it - and beneath the fine cloth , there was a currant scone , two biscuits , and a fresh strawberry .
` ` holy strawberries , batman . ''
she gave us a small smile , and now that i was closer to her , i could see she had kind green eyes that contrasted vividly with her strawberry blonde hair .
` ` sorry , i ' m a hugger , '' she said to my back while i was brought forward into a cloud of strawberry perfume .
` ` i recommend the strawberry pie . ''
he looked down , and he did , indeed , have a plate in front of him with a slice of strawberry pie .
ashan smiled at me over his forkful of strawberry pie .
by late morning , we have a dozen fish , a bag of greens and , best of all , a gallon of strawberries .
when we finish our business at the market , we go to the back door of the mayor 's house to sell half the strawberries , knowing he has a particular fondness for them and can afford our price .
gale and i divide our spoils , leaving two fish , a couple of loaves of good bread , greens , a quart of strawberries , salt , paraffin , and a bit of money for each .
we decide to save the strawberries and bakery bread for this evening 's meal , to make it special we say .
i am the girl who brings the strawberries .
the mayor had a passion for strawberries .
the fish stew and the strawberries ?
` ` we used to sell her strawberries , '' i say almost angrily .
her teeth are crooked and there 's a strawberry birthmark over one of her chocolate brown eyes .
but i ' ve visited quite a few old friends in strawberry fieldsthat 's the geriatrics ' home in skowhegan - and i know an old folks ' rec room when i see one .
the fruit was so plentiful that young hobbits very nearly bathed in strawberries and cream ; and later they sat on the lawns under the plum - trees and ate , until they had made piles of stones like small pyramids or the heaped skulls of a conqueror , and then they moved on .
like coffee and cream , strawberries and champagne ... tart lemon .
i never would have thought of that myself , '' or , ` ` well , i must say that strawberry jam is such an ... interesting sauce for sliced eel . ''
' and for some reason it tastes of strawberries . '
then bacchus and silenus and the maenads began a dance , far wilder than the dance of the trees ; not merely a dance for fun and beauty ( though it was that too ) but a magic dance of plenty , and where their hands touched , and where their feet fell , the feast came into existence sides of roasted meat that filled the grove with delicious smell , and wheaten cakes and oaten cakes , honey and many - coloured sugars and cream as thick as porridge and as smooth as still water , peaches , nectarines , pomegranates , pears , grapes , strawberries , raspberries pyramids and cataracts of fruit .
did'ya get strawberry ... i call dibs , '' he declared , rooting around in the bag .
as he turned to face her , gert 's first thought was that he had been eating strawberries .
i have hair the color of cinnamon , a tawny russet not dark enough to be auburn , nor light enough to be strawberry .
even waffles with strawberries could n't keep me from worrying about this idiotic scavenger hunt .
the strawberry mark low between her br**sts brought back memories of pale moonlight surrounding them as he 'd succumbed to temptation and tupped her senseless .
every bit of your body , including the strawberry mark between your br**sts . ''
` ` it 's lovely , '' said lucy , and so it was ; an omelette , piping hot , cold lamb and green peas , a strawberry ice , lemonsquash to drink with the meal and a cup of chocolate to follow .
she nodded quietly and stepped forward to hug me.her dark hair , just like mine , swung forward and brushed against my shoulder , bringing with it the scent of apples and strawberries .
i ' m going to call her father right now , and tell him to pick up some strawberry ice cream .
he nibbled a bit of sorrel , and he drank from a small mountain - stream that crossed the path , and he ate three wild strawberries that he found on its bank , but it was not much good .
she ordered a strawberry milkshake to keep the waitress occupied .
' but it 's like findin ' a strawberry in a dogmeat stew , yeah ?
` ` i buried my best anvil in gallanha 's old strawberry patch , renald , '' the big smith said .
his hair was fuller , thicker , and the strawberry blond streaks in it were most lustrous and prominent and he had the physique of a man in his prime .
two seconds later , the sickly sweet flavor of fake strawberry and malt liquor hit the back of my throat .
one large frozen strawberry daiquiri later , and i was starting to feel like myself again .
the veins on the guys hand stuck out like drizzled strawberry sauce and his cheeks looked like they d been hollowed out with an ice cream scoop .
in chemistry , malias professor rebuked her for improperly extracting dna from a strawberry .
almost like an infant who reaches for a bite of a mouthwatering toy truck , only to find her teeth in wretched pain just moments after she grinds her teeth into the mercury - infested paint that she thought resembled strawberries .
and yet , once she smiled and began to speak , her expression became so pleasant , and her demeanor was so kind and her conversation so lively and intelligent , that i could not recall when i had last met any woman whom i instantly liked as well , unless it may have been your mother , when first you took me to meet her , and she called me miss northcott as if i were a young lady grown , and offered me strawberries and seedcakes .
no doubt she is now suspecting me of having developed a stupid tendre for the gentleman , based upon this evidence that i have troubled to form an acquaintance with his aunt , and will occupy the rest of the day in attempting to discover if there is the slightest hope that he may have a set of strawberry leaves somewhere in his extended family .
[ editors note : strawberry leaves were associated with ducal coronets . ]
yes , and ask mrs . killingham if any of our strawberries are ripe .
the scent of fresh strawberries and chocolate floated from the basket , and agathas head snapped back so fast sarah almost laughed aloud .
you brought me strawberries ?
when i was a girl , i could nt wait for the first strawberry crop to come in .
agatha , mouth full of strawberry , shook her head , making the lace cap shift about her wispy white hair .
sarah brought me strawberries .
you ate too many strawberries yesterday , she scolded , but her hands were gentle as she resettled agatha in her high tester bed .
rubbish , the ache in my bones ahs nothing to do with strawberries , agatha huffed .
julia was soon deep in examination of a tray of ladys gloves , and susanna was left to pore , delighted , over the array of goods presentedrings , brooches , necklaces , tufts of feathers , bunches of purple grapes and shining strawberries , made of silk and stuffed for the adornment of hats .
she whined that afternoon , finishing off a strawberry .
give me my strawberries .
ill pay attention if you give me a strawberry .
as it was , however , she selected another strawberry and asked petulantly , can we be done yet ?
she had to squint to see the strawberries mixed into her rose ice cream , but she made sure to eat every last one of the beautiful scarlet blurs .
he bowed and gestured to the table , and she allowed him to seat her in front of a large tray of strawberry tarts .
there would be a signal from hastings to morton , might i have some of the strawberries from your garden .
morton was to leave the room , ostensibly to order the strawberries but in fact to check hastings soldiers were in place .
on the thursday morton made two casual remarks to hastings , the gardens at ely place are full of fine strawberries , if it please you my lord , bid me fetch you some when next we meet .
its made of a layer of shortbread , topped by a layer of strawberries , topped by thick cream , topped by shortbread , and so on .
little imelda was the same , with her strawberry blonde ringlets and porcelain complexion .
her fine nose flared a little , and her lips looked moist , like strawberries just taken out of the ice box , beads of moisture , so delicious with cream and sugar .
by the brook lived a whole colony of wild strawberries , some as large as gooseberries , oh , how alinda loved them .
he made it to the wild strawberries to still the lesser fury .
he was nt sure whether he had slept twice , or once , or whether he had fed on the wild strawberries once or twice or three times since he began this letter .
perhaps he had his fill of wild strawberries , perhaps not .
i complimented her on the biscuits and jam she then offered me and feigned astonishment that she made the strawberry jam herself .
chapter 8 willow brought home strawberries and made a shortcake .
god , willow said , licking her lips , strawberries and champagnetruly , it was a revelation .
this evening our dinner special is capered pouched wild salmon fillet , steamed asparagus , a side salad of fresh spinach topped with feta cheese and accented with our own red wine and olive oil dressing , followed by ripe strawberry cheese cake dessert , '' recited the waiter .
the pancakes were served with honey and marmalade made from cherries , strawberries , prunes and apples .
then he walked to the door as lloyds little girl , wembly , an eight year - old with strawberry blonde hair and a face dotted with freckles came running past him and bounced up on the bed , causing him to whine at the jolt .
` ` i 'll have a bacon burger , onion rings and a strawberry shake , '' said tatum .
she had tasted of sweet strawberries and cream , all smooth and velvety .
indiana jones , says armand , waving his fork excitedly ( and there s a strawberry stuck on the end ) , he s the man who goes on all those adventures around the world , right ?
savoring the taste of freshly picked strawberries luke has a far - away look in his eye as he leans back on his elbow gazing out across the waves of wind - blown grass .
he was distracted by a consuming waft of strawberries and cream , and he leaned even closer .
he wanted a whiff of strawberries and cream as soon as sarah stepped onto the wharf .
he was weakening from his determination to keep his secret from her , caught up in whiffs of strawberries and cream .
then he caught a whiff of strawberries and cream coming down the hall .
what is that , strawberries ?
i told you i would n't hurt your little strawberry friend .
basking in the scent of strawberries and cream , feeling her responsive heat , made him feel alive .
he smelled herstrawberries and creamright , left , right , left , sarah where are you , right left right left , i can hear you sarah , i can hear you talking to jennifer and i know you re afraid but do nt be afraid sarah , right left , i will always be with you my strawberry sarah , sarah you saved me today sarah , sweet sarah beautiful sarah , rightleft , sarah i love you chapter 24 sarah heard him collapse from the first floor .
james brushed her curls from her face , leaning close and wallowing in the sensuous joy of strawberries and cream .
he closed his eyes and savored the sweetness of strawberries and cream .
one was given over to grape vines that snaked along the walls and looped overhead , and strawberries in pots .
local people take honors at county fair by audrey hackenheimer once again our area ladies proved to be master of the kitchen as evidenced by the following awards they received : boysenberry preserves : blue ribbon , gladys lucheece ; red ribbon , marge uley ; honorable mention , gertrude efton rhubarb preserves : br , jane driscoll ; rr , audry lundquist ; hm , selma murchenson strawberry preserves : br , bertha glockenspieler ; rr , christine steinway ; hm , laura olson apple pie : dorothy strobel ; rr , eloise mitchell ; hm , freda evansdale blackberry pie : br , alice montgomery , rr , sal dolby , hm , beth hanson cherry pie : br , thelma winkler ; rr , dorothy lintzner ; hm , mary vick pumpkin pie : br , nancy dreyfus ; rr , selma metz ; hm , francine hoff rhubarb pie : br , paula katz ; rr , trudie petlowe , hm , lacy dillard due to space constraints , winners in the bread , cake , cookie , muffin , jam , jelly , beer , wine , fried chicken , ham , sausage , bacon , pork chop , relish , canned vegetables , canned fruits , and other such categories will be announced in next weeks paper to leave room for this weeks recipe : maple walnut raisin molasses cookies by gertrude sweeney ingredients : 6 cups sifted flour 1 pound butter cup maple syrup 2 cups finely crushed walnuts 2 cups finely chopped raisins cup molasses 2 cups firmly packed sugar 4 whole eggs tsp baking soda preparation : preheat oven with roaring fire first .
slices of this were served with strawberry sauce .
today her strawberry blond hair had been pulled back in a tasteful chignon .
food bulged from every shelf : smoked bacon , fresh orange juice , white chocolate cheesecake , quiche , brie , butter , sausages , bagels , fresh blueberries and strawberries , whipped cream , ring doughnuts with pink icing and sprinkles , pastries .
chicken , garden salad , grilled vegetables , corn on the cob , new potatoes , strawberry shortcake with fresh strawberries , and , of course , sub - par egg salad sandwiches .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
surprisingly , emma barely stirred as she slipped her into her bed and covered her in the same strawberry colored blanket shed had since she was four .
despite her not eating anything on the walk home , her mouth and lips tasted of strawberries .
she would sit up and tightly close her legs together , ` ` a strawberry daiquiri ! ''
and , instead of administering a thrashing to her daughter , raegan made beccalynn tea and taught her how to better coax sweetness out of wild strawberries .
magazines i did n't recognize : a big white one called lapham 's quarterly with a strawberry on the front , a thick orange journal with the words new thought in tiny yellow letters at the bottom .
abby was already dreaming about her mothers famous strawberry and cream pie .
margarite was all smiles when she saw him , and before he could even find his seat she had plunked a massive breakfast offering of muffins , toast , eggs , juice , steak , bacon and strawberries at his place at the dining table .
they were given a choice of apple , cherry , blueberry or strawberry .
she made a mad rush for the front door , leaving a heady and slightly nauseating wake of strawberry perfume .
when she found herself with nothing to do , in that quiet and perfectly tidy apartment , she was hit by a depressing empty feeling that she decided to fight with blows of strawberry milkshake and yogurt .
the gleam in her long , extraordinary strawberry blond hair transformed her into a pale icon of dazzling light .
the strawberry blonde reporter was quick to introduce herself .
you can tell anyone you want how my tits look like strawberries raspberries is what i said , i believe .
i can still remember clearly one day when we had gone out to get strawberries at a local farmers market .
she was every bit my mary anne , big red hair that dated back to the nineties , soft strawberry lips , and freckles that sparkled in dim light but almost disappeared when i turned on my bedroom light .
he had taken her to the river where they had first kissed , bringing a picnic lunch , white wine , chocolate covered strawberries and roses with him .
sweet like honey with strawberries and chocolate on the side .
he breathed in the smell of the strawberry shampoo he d fallen asleep to every night for two years and refused to cry .
i could see what i thought were peas climbing a section of netting , large rubber tires housing a creeping plant of some sort , and several raised beds with strawberries in them .
they were on it like a strawberry slushie on a hot summer 's day .
jen was a strawberry blonde with skin that tanned well , but still revealed a light patchwork of freckles on her shoulders , face and upper chest .
aside from smudges on her skirt , escaped tresses of strawberry blonde hair flew around her face .
` ` ' charlie has returned to us this morning with a magnificent wagon full of the best vegetables yet and also a bushel of strawberries which mrs . paterson promises to convert into her delicious pie .
kris did nt seem to notice me laid across the bed with a chocolate - covered strawberry suggestively placed between my breasts .
please leave reviews the girl inside the wall book 1 of demons among us patrick quinlan smashwords edition copyright 2012 patrick quinlan a strawberry book smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
up in the strawberry mountains , near john day .
if anyplace is outside a coverage area these days , its the strawberry mountains .
so far , almost everyone had survived the test , for a vampire had to be pretty committed to make the long journey through the high desert of eastern oregon and up the narrow , winding roads into the strawberry mountains from john day .
terrill and sylvie retreated into the wilderness of the strawberry mountains outside john day .
he poured some strawberry pancake syrup into an empty cup and followed it with a fistful of creamora , then a splash of coffee .
i brought coffee with lots of strawberry syrup in it .
the woman had nt liked the strawberry coffee not at all .
he had been humping away , the strawberry coffee growing sticky between their naked bodies , when he looked up and there she was .
there was no response so he added , she does nt like strawberry coffee , does she ?
micah had left a distraught elliott on the couch with a bowl of strawberry ice cream and a disney movie in the dvd player .
no lipstick but those lips look like strawberries pured in whipped cream .
` ` two strawberries cone please '' i said to him and he get it to me with a brimming smile .
he smeared the two drops along his philtrum as if wiping up a strawberry milk mustache .
it was a red bottle shaped like a strawberry with a green leaf cap .
he landed on the strawberry with his cut arm and the bottle blew up , making his arm scaly and red like the devil he was .
on july 6 , before going to bed , i put some wine , milk , water , bread , and strawberries on my table .
somebody drank -- i drank -- all the water and a little of the milk , but neither the wine , nor the bread , nor the strawberries were touched .
then suddenly , i must , i must go to the foot of my garden to pick some strawberries and eat them -- and i go there .
i pick the strawberries and i eat them !
during the experiment , he ran into a few chair legs and managed to slip on some spilled strawberry flavored milk on the tiled lunchroom floor and fell on top of a couple of girls who 'd been eating some of the tasteless crap purported to be food served by the school .
and her long , straight , strawberry , red hair had thinned in many parts , many other areas to be replaced by lifeless , split grays .
paulette had strawberry , red hair just like linsey .
her long , straight , strawberry , red hair violently shook along her face , shoulders and neck .
there was a dab of strawberry preserve on his chin .
it was the tone of voice another girl might have used to express her love for strawberry whirl ice cream .
i picked up a strawberry and took a bite of it .
two strawberries and half a croissant later , i asked , ` ` can i have the coffee now , please ? ''
i suggest you follow queen victoria 's advice - close your eyes and think of strawberry shortcake . ''
they had lost everything : two chickens , the chops and roasts she 'd gotten at the good discount meat - cutter 's she 'd found in brooklyn , the venison - steaks peter 's friend don had given them , the pints of strawberries they 'd picked at the mohonk mountain house the previous summer .
the oldtimers called it strawberry spring , god knew why .
it sounded good , kurtz could tell that just by the way perlmutter first smacked his lips and then ran his tongue out to wet them ( on perlmutter 's lips and cheeks the ripley was still full and rich , most patches the color of strawberries , some as dark as burgundy wine ) , but that sly look had come back .
her lifeless strawberry curls bounced back and forth .
huddie took the dog back to the barracks , mister d once again as cool as a strawberry milkshake , just pausing to sniff at the shoes of the troopers who had helped search the perimeter .
why could n't he just have given strawberry 's name ?
the count runs full to dar - ryl strawberry .
` ` oh my goodness , he threw the curve on three and two and froze strawberry !
ben thought of himself sitting in his chair in the living room , freshly tubbed , wearing his fuzzy red bathrobe , watching daffy duck cartoons on the mighty ninety and drinking milk through a strawberry flav - r - straw .
bit of a- '' ` ` bit of a pile of bullshit , '' went said amiably , and reached for the strawberry preserves .
eddie offered him the last of the strawberry frappe and stan only shook his head , his eyes never leaving beverly 's face .
the hall stank of sugar and nougat and toffee and sickening synthetic strawberries .
you got in that great big house and had three drinks before dinner and then a soup course and a salad with thousand island dressing and then surf and turf for the main course and it was all served by a maid in a black uniform and carla was doing her lady - of - the - manor bit - but not being the least bit condescending - and there was a strawberry tort or blueberry buckle with whipped cream for dessert and then a couple of coffee brandies or tia maria and you just spilled your guts .
he was drinking a chocolate soda ; hers was strawberry .
he had the cheeseburger platter and a piece of babe 's delicious strawberry pie for dessert .
the kind with strawberries on top .
over dessert ( a strawberry shortcake - nick , who had been on short rations during the last couple of weeks , had two helpings ) , jane baker said to her husband : ` ` your cold sounds worse .
there was a strawberry pie in the fridge .
a strawberry fell to the counter with a fat plop as she was transferring the piece of pie to a small plate .
thoughts of strange cravings had led to thoughts of the strawberry pie lurking in the fridge .
suddenly it had seemed to her that she wanted a piece of that strawberry pie more than she wanted anything in the world .
and a great big old dish of strawberry ice cream for dessert .
she baked her pies first , using the canned fillings from the shelves in her pantry and the fresh rhubarb and strawberries from the garden .
the strawberries had just come on , praise god , and it was good to know they were n't going to go to waste .
a blueberry pie , two strawberry - rhubarb , and one apple .
tommy says you have been using that strawberry douche again .
the meat - fork was lying in a puddle of strawberry sauce and chunks of white unbaked pastry .
her mouth was smeared red , as if she had been eating strawberries .
my youngest son always called him uncle strawberry when he was very small .
the slit gaped , showing a swimming viscous fluid in which dark things c strawberries , maybe -floated like clots .
going to stab me in the heart and run away with his strawberry pie under his arm .
the strawberries .
about the half - disclosed lumps that might have been all the physical woes of mankind or just strawberries .
the strawberries , the pool of dark red juice .
now it was just a strawberry pie that looked extremely tempting in spite of the earliness of the hour .
there 's strawberry preserves , if you want them . '
she finds her way to the kitchen , where there 's an overturned and rusting formica table and peeling wallpaper with a strawberry vine pattern .
he gestured towards several students giggling around a desk covered with a board game , alongside a tray of pastries filled with strawberry and lemon jam .
she smells of sugary strawberries and elmers glue , a smell that reminds morris of elementary school art projects .
watermelon , strawberry , chocolate , grape and orange .
tired like i am of smelling strawberries in your bathroom , when that smell should be in your kitchen or garden ?
strawberries , strawberries ...
strawberries , strawberries ...
he went over to the refrigerator and looked for some strawberries .
how about strawberry jam ?
i sat in the back of the luxurious quadruple turbo - charged bentley , frantically attempting to feed reese strawberries , orange juice , anything i could think of with vitamins in that might hold back the blackness closing in at the edges of his vision .
i took a large sip of the newly delivered strawberry margarita , and gestured for her to continue .
i also like strawberry smoothies .
the cheddar - and - apple cupcakes ' table had been decorated with a poster depicting newton being hit on the head with an apple while eating a grilled cheese sandwich ; the fondue cupcake , a chocolate bottom with swiss filling topped with strawberry frosting , had a 60s fondue party theme .
as i brushed the bed head out of my hair and splashed my face with cold water , moo pushed herself onto the vanity and bit into a brown bagel covered with strawberry cream cheese .
i ve got goosebumps the size of strawberries huh ?
my mom and dad preferred strawberry - rhubarb , but it was nt nearly sweet enough for me .
shed made dad his favorite bacon , sunnyside - up eggs and toast with strawberry jam real strawberry jam , not the artificially flavored one .
shed made dad his favorite bacon , sunnyside - up eggs and toast with strawberry jam real strawberry jam , not the artificially flavored one .
dad always said if there was one thing that was an insult to his palate , it was fake strawberry anything .
i poured myself a glass of strawberry kool - aid , stretched out on my side on my bed and tore open the envelopes .
` ` ... in flood and in drought and in locusts , and who would bring home the strawberry jam .
after the earl finished his blabbering , it was time for consumption of the electoral strawberries .
it contained real chunks of strawberry .
it merely exposed a piece of strawberry pie he d been eating earlier .
despite the powerful enticement of a fantastic four poster , a star wars trivial pursuit dvd ( 44.99 ) and clone wars risk ( 24.99 ) in travelling man 's comic book store , chocolate - dipped strawberries in le chocolaterie and the black waistcoat , red pants , bandana , black eye - patch and skull - blazoning flag in festival of fun , yo - yo arrives unscathed at the narrow entrance to the ancient church of holy trinity and his long - anticipated 22 .
rarely spotted in the three dimensional world , she was strategically positioned adjacent to an ebony table groaning with iced crystal bowls of strawberries and clotted cream , and the bollywood actress looked as if some exceptionally talented interior designer of german or scandinavian inclination had placed her there , an integral component of some modeling tableau he intended to impress a potential client with .
his minds eye filled with the image of the strawberry blonde girl with the kind eyes he thought he loved once .
no , strawberry , said margo matter - of - factly .
last was a bowl nearly overflowing with strawberries so fresh they gleamed in the candlelight .
the main course consisted of a roasted pheasant , creamy mashed potatoes , boiled vegetables , and a strawberry cheesecake with ice cream on the side .
anyway , that particular mix - up which necessitated her move from maternity was soon spotted , the carlow kid had a strawberry birthmark on his left ass cheek the size of a silver dollar while the barlow girl 's ass was as pure as the driven snow .
katrina was eating a strawberry while watching tv with alisa .
she pushed her strawberry blonde hair away from her freckled face , and gave him a smile as wide as the atlantic ocean .
he saw the doll fly in and pick up a strawberry .
katrina was eating a strawberry , her usual chipper self returning .
clarity stepped towards the kitchen counter to grab a bottle of strawberry juice , but stumbled on one of the elony boxes hidden from view .
the man 's sister who bought grandma some lovely strawberry bath salts might be okay , unless she also gave some to her brother .
cherry , tomato , strawberry , raspberry , red apple , cinnamon ... '' ` ` they really have a fluorophore named ' cinnamon ' ? ''
i poured myself a glass of milk and stirred in two teaspoons of strawberry nesquik , pondering on what my next move should be .
how could he not be inspired by lucys angelic face smiling up at him from under a brimming bowl of wheat flakes and strawberries , and a jug of milk ?
crisp yet soft at the same time , like a strawberry donut topped with cream .
for dessert , there was the traditional christmas pudding , citrus tart with double cream and brandy snap baskets with cognac - drenched strawberries and chocolate jus .
she had brought two packages of pink silk rose petals and was wearing her strawberry ice cream pink tutu , a pair of sequined angel wings , ballet shoes , and long , pink silk ribbons in her hair .
i had made dinner and joe brought a lovely bottle of champagne and chocolate - covered strawberries .
after finishing the bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries , which i was surprised to learn he had hand dipped himself , we retired to my bedroom for the most incredible night of love making i can remember in a long , long time .
we have strawberry , hot fudge , and caramel .
he also noticed that she smelled nice , similar to the standard vanilla - strawberry stripper scent , only more elegant .
auntie trisha took a suck from my strawberry milkshake .
i should have asked her in for a glass of strawberry nesquik , but perhaps that would have been a bit too forward .
acquaintance , gordy said , hoping to say something profound but this jane was beaming at him , her eyes sparkling green , and all he wanted was to touch her hair because it probably smelled like strawberries , and he forgot what he was going to say .
example : cheeseburger - good bacon cheeseburger - improved strawberries - good chocolate covered strawberries - improved liver and onions - bad liver and onions w / bacon - improved cherries ( i know this is debatable but for me personally ... ) - bad chocolate covered cherries - improved oh and do n't bother with lemons .
example : cheeseburger - good bacon cheeseburger - improved strawberries - good chocolate covered strawberries - improved liver and onions - bad liver and onions w / bacon - improved cherries ( i know this is debatable but for me personally ... ) - bad chocolate covered cherries - improved oh and do n't bother with lemons .
she put strawberries and caviar onto her plate .
emily ate nearly a loaf of my homemade bread , each slice smothered in strawberry jam .
i bit into a strawberry and fantasized about the fifth of vodka in my garment bag .
added some walnuts , plain yogurt , strawberries .
i bit into a strawberry .
if they had strawberry , i would have picked that one .
i order the burger that called me with a side salad and an extra large strawberry daiquiri .
i sit on the bed , awaiting my strawberry daiquiri that will smell like ruthie .
i take a sip of my drink , letting the strawberries slide over my tongue .
the lavender will chase away the strawberries .
my me time is interrupted long after my burger was eaten and every drop of strawberry goodness was sipped .
a strawberry on the skirt .
i felt a right strawberry wandering around the shops on my own .
oh , and that homemade dulce de leche on our strawberry ice cream sundaes ?
would n't you like to change your order and try a couple of strawberry lemonade dq chillers ? ''
dean kissed her open mouth for a long , time - stopping moment , a mouth that tasted of strawberries and white dust .
your purple faux leather guy is sippin his strawberry daiquiri as if the straw was made out of candy cigarettes . ''
` ` we got fresh strawberry and peach ice cream , flown in today , too if'n you want some , art .
she used to compete ` ` against '' brenda boole 's cookies with her strawberry pies and spicy meatloaf or fish casseroles .
cold birdies jeered , and chandover was being played screamingly loud in the midst of the second half to drown out the booing for ` ` thievin ' jonesies '' -this song was spilling out of the cliff via speakers somebody planted down there earlier -- and that 's when the transvestites in their flashy dayglo , mylar and spandex clothes whoopingly , swoopingly swarmed the strawberry fields , stooping so low ( and bending over and showing off their slips to do it ! )
only when the ball was clear of ice cream did spiritwind skilfully lift the strawberry flavoured sphere onto his back tooth , pausing while he lapped up the pleasure it gave him .
nasrudin offers friend strawberries nasrudin had a friend over at his house .
have some of these strawberries , nasrudin said .
you should give him something better , like strawberries .
so nasrudin went home to get strawberries , and took them to the palace instead .
the ruler , however , was used to receiving much nicer gifts , and ordered his men to throw the strawberries at nasrudin as punishment for giving such a meager gift .
as the strawberries hit him , nasrudin began shouting , praise be to god !
the tall man with the round spectacles apologised once more , as he tried to offer charlie a strawberry lollipop instead .
i do hope it is the sloppy stuff , which twirls to a point because i love those ones with a chocolate flake poking out of it along with lashings of strawberry sauce and sprinkles on top .
only i do not , instead i get to the open window on the side of the van and place my order can i have a special with everything on for the kid and ill have a strawberry rocket please ?
i know , that will be the lime jelly that i mixed with the strawberry because i did nt have enough of one or the other but its still nice , i reply and turn to hand out some more .
yeah they did a bit which i d thought was a bit funny because we agreed to only put the strawberry in with the shots and the children could have the ones with the double flavour .
this woman did nt look very businesslike to me in her sexy ( teeny - tiny ) strawberry coloured dress and you definitely do nt hold hands and glide your fingers through his hair , even if she was trying to sell you some hand cream and shampoo .
i put in strawberries , sliced almonds , spinach and a light vinaigrette !
i wrote strawberry fields for a while on acid , appropriately .
jim and i had been talking about sergeant peppers and we wanted some kind of , what they call , lamination on the end , something like what the beatles did with strawberry fields , you know , sort of incorporating found sounds , etc .
emma just sat and smiled as she sipped her punch and ate chocolate - covered strawberries .
the whole thing shimmered in the light , like sugar crystals on top of strawberry bonbons .
table of contents introduction , by p. v. leforge the student , by teresa jones drown , by jesse murphree kemper the carnival , by nancy h. rainey time will tell , by stephanie tillman big daughter , by sara warner wexford strawberries , by brigette kinney invincible , by helen k. bailey nice and easy , by len schweitzer titillate , by shannon taylor the last things we do , by p. v. leforge about the authors this book is dedicated to the dozens and dozens of clerks and shelvers and ledger - keepers that made the paperback rack such an institution in tallahassee for over 30 years , and also to the thousands and thousands of book - loving customers who kept it afloat , a dollar or two at a time .
on the hard shoulder of the motorway a man sat at a card table behind a hand - lettered sign offering wexford strawberries 6 .
he s selling strawberries .
wexford strawberries , the sign says .
what are wexford strawberries like ?
there was an abundance of ripe fruit , apples and strawberries and others jerian failed to recognise but which both he and udioe ate with zest .
that s okay , happens all the time here evan i swear , get your hand off those strawberries ... uhmrs .
with messy strawberry blonde tresses and light skin over a petit nose and full mouth she did nt look at all petrified as her eyes would ve suggested .
lloyd would never see the face that resembled his own or his strawberry blonde hair and dimpled cheeks .
she got a bowl of cereal and poured milk while donna , who was watching her weight having recently gained five pounds , toasted a single slice of whole - wheat bread and spread margarine on it while joking about how she really would prefer a couple gooey glazed donuts or at least real butter and a generous portion of strawberry preserves .
the relaxed and pleasant atmosphere continued through the dessert of ice cream and strawberries , then shattered instantly when the phone rang .
in the distance , tatyana saw strawberries in baskets on the ground and shouted to the guys through the noise of the roaring engine to stop the car .
well , we wanted to buy some strawberries .
another old woman , packing strawberries into three packets , tenderly spoke to us .
as we drove , the guys cheerfully chattered about their matters while eating ripe strawberries .
i nearly choked on a strawberry because of this discovery .
my favorite is the berry smoothie , with one strawberry daiquiri , one raspberry and one blueberry .
while scott pays our bill , i wander over to the shelves to check out the jars of blueberry syrup , the homemade strawberry jam , and the natural handmade soaps .
the thickening red illumination transformed his companion 's nose into a plump strawberry .
the strawberry picker ... last year .
and they eat up the weirdest shit , especially that bigoted ' the strawberry picker ' of yours .
' the strawberry picker . '
the colors of the sliced kiwi , strawberries and mango are almost blinding .
in the corner of the walk - in , in the corner of a damp cardboard box , from one tomato to the next , from one peach to the next , from one strawberry to the next , whitish gray filaments of mold would spread into a carpet of rot .
well , off to the left , on the uncleared part , the woods thinned out and where there was enough light there were patches of wild strawberries .
he , we , all of us loved wild strawberries .
did the flies want us more than we wanted the strawberries ?
although fond of nature , i would not want to share more than fifteen percent of my strawberries with bird , beast or bug .
his idea of pushing culinary boundaries was trying strawberry instead of grape jelly on his pb & j .
how jude should nt make it bad and those strawberry fields that stretch out forever .
late in the evening , as they finished the champagne which tony had ordered to go with the strawberries romanoff , he spoke quietly to caroline and judith .
bring me a large strawberry banana smoothie . ''
` ` one large strawberry banana smoothie .
emily pinched her strawberry flavored wad of bubblegum between her index finger and thumb before asking , was this greek hero high or something ?
what s done is done , she said , snapping her strawberry flavored gum .
it devoured my strawberries and blackberries last season .
our favorite strawberry and champagne brunch at the tennis club begins at 10 a.m. sharp , answered catherine .
he was slicing fresh breakfast strawberries for laura and he saw that the juices from the ripe , plump berries had begun to seep into the tips of his fingers .
hi , said laura a little coyly as she sat up in bed in her jammies to enjoy some strawberries and tea .
she looked like she was inhaling a little faster and deeper as well , her body noticeably shifting the tray of strawberries and orange slices on her lap with each breath .
hair : strawberry - blonde , and i vaguely recall a daisy in the crook of her ear .
mara grabbed the rim of her blouse and wiggled it over her head , snapping her strawberry hair through the hole and reducing her ensemble to a pleated undershirt and a blue - jean skirt .
she reaches for a strawberry but a scary voice makes her stop .
she removed the ribbon from her finger , then plucked a strawberry from moms fancy cigar box .
you can pass by in the street and see in the baker 's shop window the most appealing little strawberry cake , at a token price of one cent , be suddenly caught by it , entering your consciousness .
please tell me donnas not in here ... do you like strawberries , honey ?
i thought you two had to rehearse for your english class , mom says as she finally hands emi a bowl of strawberries .
not over the strawberries ?
i set the strawberries down in a chair and rush over to her .
she sits down in the chair the strawberries were occupying and stares at each one intently before eating it .
apricots , apples , pineapples ( where she bumped in to a cranky old lady who behaved like she owned that shelf ) , pears , mangos , and , yes , strawberries .
toast with a thin scraping of butter , a smear of strawberry jam , and my mothers voice filling the silence .
she laughed when she saw that i got the hang of it , all the while busy dunking her own rusk in the strawberry saft .
another brief , and well - organized , stampede ensued , after which there were trays before each of us bearing minted tea , flaky pastries , crystallized ginger , and honey , as well as glasses of strawberry juice so cool they sprouted beads of condensation running down their sides .
like it has these trees , and beautiful music , and it smells like strawberries and vanilla , and the landscape is filled with flowers and lollypops and swing sets , and everyone wears he chuckled .
i said , in fact , rita is absolutely strawberries and cream fair skinned , blue - eyed , light honey brown hair , the lot .
her nametag said gretchen , a strawberry blonde with an attractive lopsided smile , her corseted blouse threatening to spill breasts full as twin overfilled beer steins .
he takes out of the basket two turkey avocado sandwiches ( which he made himself that morning ) , two bottles of cranberry juice ( his favourite flavor ) , and two cups of pro - biotic strawberry yogurt ( does nt hurt to impress her with his awareness of healthy eating ) .
at that , christine was happy and returned to the other side of the table and pushed strawberry jam and butter over to julias plate , then returned to peeling apples .
along with a snow - white top , the coach was wearing sweatpants the color of a strawberry milkshake !
soon , they sat on her bed , sucking from their fingers the juices of pineapple , mangoes , peaches and strawberries , and the grease of cooked shrimp , crab , lobster , and flounder .
during the word game , they laughed often and enjoyed slices of the strawberry shortcake mrs . gentry had left for them .
a small platter of seedless green grapes , strawberries , and cut cantaloupe .
your lips are strawberries , your skin cream , your hair corn - silk .
cindy is wearing a halter top , revealing splays of freckles across her shoulders and arms , and it strikes me that she s a sweet , ripe strawberry of a girl .
my friend tatyana kept pretty close tabs , and she says the worst thing that happened during his sentence is that one afternoon they ran out of strawberry ice cream for the prisoners snack .
i thought a picnic would be nicer than the buddha , i say , without mentioning that this change in plans had come about through dr . goodleighs insistence and that the hampers contents the greek olives , devilled eggs , cheese straws , strawberries , honeydew slices , cheese , crackers , chicken salad , chocolates and a cleverly camouflaged bottle of white wine that would probably escape the notice of any campus cops who might be about were all of dr . goodleighs selection .
becky gnaws the tip end off a strawberry , pretty lips all puckered around it .
becky finishes the strawberry , places the uneaten stem cap on a plate , selects an olive , bites down carefully around the pit , gazes off for a moment toward the traffic on university avenue , then finally says , i broke his heart .
i feel her breath , smell strawberries and wine .
the table is cluttered with bowls , cups , shakers , tins , plates and jars of strawberry jam , grape jelly , peach preserves , jalapenos , minced garlic , parmesan , monterey jack , crumbled sausage , bacon bits , shredded cheddar , cognac , prosciutto , cinnamon , tabasco , alfalfa sprouts , strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , boysenberry jam , chives , capers , barbecue sauce , anchovies , ricotta , wheat germ , teriyaki , lemon curd , sun dried tomatoes , red eye gravy , caramel sauce , maple syrup , molasses , chopped onions , shallots , saffron , pineapple chunks , shredded coconut , salsa , chili peppers , bleu cheese , sardines , soy sauce , worchester sauce , shaved ginger , peanut butter , bourbon , pine nuts , peanuts , cashews , chocolate sauce , butterscotch , horseradish , half and half , brown sugar , goat cheese , ham , mustard greens , wild irish rose , mozzarella , black olives , black pepper , nutmeg , and honey .
half a dozen slices of bacon and two slices of buttered toast with some strawberry jam .
by dessert strawberry shortcake with cool whip were simply carefree hippie buddies with benefits again .
for the time being , he limited the choice to chocolate , vanilla and strawberry .
thank you alexei , said sasha tousling his curly , strawberry - blond hair as she looked into his sparkling green eyes .
the landlady was a fading strawberry blonde who welcomed me like i was a long - lost relation and even made me a cup of tea in her dark victorian parlor .
her now- denuded back , with its moles and strawberry marks , was a lovely thing to behold .
she has pots and pots of strawberry plants and she raises chickens .
reached for more strawberries and tried to focus on the task at hand .
she s working on the strawberry farm , the same one as me .
a half - hour later , phoebe pushed back from the strawberry preserves and warm bread .
helen stood up and carried her dishes to the sink and returned the strawberry preserves to the side shelf of the stainless steel refrigerator .
i worked in the fields , the vindemia , strawberries .
with his lips closed tightly he ripped the small paper in two , leaving me a lone strawberry to consume .
the fruits consisted of strawberries , blackberries , crab apples , grapes , plums , persimmons , mulberries , and hackberries .
she even baked this huge strawberry shortcake to celebrate the homecoming . ''
` ` no , at the last second , he lowers the barrel and releases a round into the strawberry shortcake splattering his wife with whipped cream .
his horse was a strawberry roan paint with a pale face and a white rump with red spots .
his dark strawberry flecked coat glowed in the light and he never lacked for the approval of young lady horses .
best watch the strawberries , son !
i just need to know you are nt making a regular habit of those entheogenic strawberries .
bunnu could nt help but be reminded of how taken aback he had been by the piercing light of a candle in his room at the inn when he had awakened from that bad entheogenic strawberry trip .
the light of the torches seemed of a piercing luminosity almost unbearableof a similar intensity , perhaps , to the blinding light upon that wick in his bedroom when he woke up from his entheogenic strawberry trip .
in truth , it was difficult to know whether or not he was being genuine to himself in the first place , for another contributing factor to the oddness of his behavior was his daily consumption of entheogenic strawberries , which fostered in him the wildest of delusions and a worsening psychosis from which he would never recover .
my father would always order my sisters favorite for both of us root beer floats though i preferred strawberry ice cream .
i was riding my bicycle through town , licking strawberry ice cream off my wrist .
there was a tea shop there and he d gone in , ordered a pot of earl grey and a strawberry tart and then sat down in the booth under the stairs to read the yep .
someone had searched for strawberries , car hire in whitby , bike hire in whitby , premier inns in scotland and the north east , someone had googled google and then there was a whole clutch of searches for rented properties in wales .
the mother had a tesco bag with three cheesecakes in , one vanilla , two strawberry .
at the counter , the girl ordered a double cheeseburger and fries with a strawberry smoothie .
sure enough , they like to nibble on a fresh strawberry , or discuss the best variety of tomato for their salads .
when he opened his eyes the next morning , he saw the old bear sitting in front of his bed to give him from her paws lots of beautiful , red strawberries which she had picked in the forest during the early hours ; then she offered him her breast and suckled him with her milk , which little hans really enjoyed , and soon fell on her wide back for him to ruffle her shaggy fur , which was a real joy .
i saw her at the same time john did , a girl with strawberry blonde hair .
ellie put out quite a spread bagels , two kinds of lox , cream cheese , hummus , bowls of beautiful strawberries , potato salad .
i was thinking a strawberry layer and a pink lemonade layer .
the children saw their parents taking the first bites of very accurate gelatin molds of each others headsone was lime , one strawberry .
a burger , a turkey club , or a coney with mustard and fries , to be sure , and a strawberry shake ...
sesame seed with strawberry cream cheese .
perhaps , i thought , as i walked down the street to the corner bakery , and ordered a sesame seed bagel with strawberry cream cheese , perhaps i was just being selfish .
we ate pancakes with strawberries , blueberries , chocolate chips , whipped cream , and syrup .
i prepared his favorite meal chocolate chip pancakes with strawberries , blueberries , whipped cream , and maple syrup .
i could have pancakes with strawberries , blueberries , chocolate chips , whipped cream , and syrup .
there are strawberries and blueberries .
the list reads : eggs meat ( fish if a good price ) spinach onions cucumbers avocado tomatoes olive oil plain yogurt strawberries blueberries that is it .
he got home just before noon and ate a lunch of poached egg on toast followed by a strawberry ski .
i got you more options , he pulled his right hand from behind his back to show a cup of strawberries , and he showed sophie red grapes in his left hand .
james looked up , why do nt you bring the grapes and strawberries back real quick for me , that d be great .
then she came back with strawberry lemonades for nik , izzy and beth .
niklas was glad they were going there so he could have his favorite strawberry lemonade .
maisy decided on a strawberry doughnut with sprinkles and willow watched as the girl with the blue hair and eyebrow ring stooped to get the treat from the case .
a waiter , apparently not paying attention to the mood of their little group , approached with a tray of chocolate - covered strawberries .
that was when she put up her pickles , made the strawberry jam and baked a months supply of bread for the freezer .
* * * bryan looked out over the field of flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
she slipped her hand away and the hills seemed to rise from the distant mist , across a thousand miles of wild flowers , goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
liz was nowhere to be seen , just the field of wild flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
he could see the field of wild flowers : goldenrod , queen anne 's lace and wild strawberry , oxeye daisies and blue violet .
the breeze from the fan carried the smell of shrimp and pasta that martha had cooked along with strawberry cobbler made from berries the kids had picked .
martha made an egg / cheese casserole , blueberry muffins , home - made strawberry preserves , and delicious strong coffee .
the prize varied : tupperware bowl of frozen strawberries ; beef jerky they stole from the 7 - eleven ; can of someones dads beer ; pages torn from swank , beaver or hustler or , a promised look at tami sweeney , pants down .
at the table there were grapes , strawberries , melons , and mangoes , fresh bread , cold chicken and prawns , grilled white fish and lemon juice , and chips cooked in a real deep - fryer .
no margarine , only butter , was her specific instruction , but she oversaw the choice of sandwiches , quiches and strawberries and cream and with matron made floral displays for the marquee .
he was perusing the berries and reading through the description of a particularly inviting variety of strawberry when he stopped short and returned to the top of the paragraph to reread it .
the description was nt for a strawberry at all .
i slowly raised it to my mouth , and the scent of ripened strawberries filled my senses .
in the corner , was the strawberry patch that acted like a magnet .
we were under strict instructions not to go near the strawberries .
i chewed slowly , wanting the sensation to remain , but the sticky sweetness of the jam was not the fresh tartness of the almost wild strawberry fruit .
on a card - table in the half - finished kitchen milford laid out two mugs of coffee and two large pieces of strawberry - rhubarb pie .
moffat read the list : four rib eye steaks , parsley , garlic , lemon , red onion , pound cake , strawberries , and rum .
she served it with turkey sausage and fresh strawberries and orange slices .
jean nodded , absentmindedly , then rose quickly from her chair , took their plates to the sink and returned with the strawberries .
she ordered a strawberry and cream cheese filled croissant and a venti cup of light roast arabica and took them to a redwood bench under a patio canopy .
she passed stalls with several kinds of lettuce , oranges , lemons and grapefruit , strawberries and fresh trays of brown and white eggs , with signs proclaiming free range .
it looked fairly healthy : scrambled eggbeaters with low fat cheddar , slices of turkey bacon and a large bowl of sliced strawberries , apples and oranges , but there were also fresh baked biscuits and jeans homemade pineapple jam .
still flushed from a tablet of strawberry quick and the call to julie , he was about to describe his plans for the date to his companions when he saw two men approaching from the back of the booth .
arrow asked , through a mouthful of toast with strawberry jam on it .
fish and game called dwayne 's cell phone while he was wolfing down his second strawberry shortcake .
i took the strawberry ones out of the freezer this morning .
i studied her face , hoping to see some essence of the young girl who passed and was passing , hoping to feel renewed by the lightness of innocent youth and lose myself one last time in the scent of strawberry shampoo .
mary brought dave up to date while he nibbled at his favorite breakfast ; flavored oatmeal , with a side dish of bananas and strawberries covered with dannon yogurt .
right on top of her ski jump was a strawberry pink smear .
once again her strawberry lips curled into a teasing response .
if you re thinking of someone with strawberry blond hair , i intend to call her as soon as i devour that delicious aromatic steak .
connie fenton i have always been papa 's favorite child , carefree and sucking up life like a strawberry soda - or so they say .
the jam basket , which ann rifled through in a search for the perfect strawberry spread , seemed to hide a perfectly gruesome violence .
there are four of them in the carriage today , and while my good fellow who had so kindly donated himself to me was cheerfully waiting in the one with various oranges and lemons and the odd strawberry painted on the surface in happy colours , the other remaining crates were filled with straw and were empty .
it was hideous , somehow crossing the heavy - handed imitation banana flavor with a saccharine strawberry smell reminiscent of public bathroom cleaner .
from her delicate features and soft - spoken manner to the tender shade of strawberry blonde hair currently pulled back into a ponytail , felicity reminded ernie of his sister susannah .
felicity , dressed in t - shirt and jeans , her waves of strawberry blonde shiny and clean as they flowed about her shoulders , strolled into the kitchen just as the toast popped up in the toaster .
tara grabbed a sticky note off her desk that was in the shape of a strawberry .
several ingredients lay on the marble counter , heavy cream , strawberries , mushrooms and a ghirardelli sweet dark chocolate bar .
after all there are worst things he could have done , libby said to herself as her strawberry sorbet arrived .
there was a small stone wall in the main back field against which wild strawberries grew .
one summer he 'd cut down an area of the strawberry brambles and built a small hideaway house against the wall with wood and patched straw .
she presses for every little detail as we enjoy our strawberry and vanilla ( her ) and chocolate and peanut butter ( me ) milkshakes .
` ` diabetic strawberry jam , '' alice said .
` ` yes , there 's nearly half a tub of strawberry ripple . ''
it smells like you , wolf and strawberries , delilah giggled wrapping her arms around herself .
i smell like strawberries ?
all in good fun my strawberry wolf , delilah giggled .
it was nothing fancy , thick slabs of prime rib with wild rice and steamed vegetables with chocolate dipped strawberries for dessert .
only the best for my strawberry wolf .
stay safe my strawberry wolf , delilah cooed softly as they reached the porch .
exhaling , she whispered , wolf and strawberries , my favorite scent in the whole world .
the eldest , twelve - year - old ellie flipped back her long strawberry blond hair .
you only have strawberry ?
the strawberry is leftover from that apple pie i made a couple of weeks ago .
it almost smells like frozen strawberries .
she smells like strawberry lip gloss .
beets , strawberries , cabbage .
jane ann had already brought out fresh strawberries , yogurt , and granola , while rob contributed more cereal and toast , along with homemade apple butter .
mr . ball talked effervescently , snacking on sugared donuts , a generous slice of ham and a bowl of strawberries .
i pushed a strawberry around mothers blue and white china and tried not to stare at captain garrett like a wide - eyed calf .
she drives us up through strawberry canyon and we walk around the lake to the big boulders on the far side , across from the beach .
from a distance , with his short strawberry blond hair and freckled face , he looks like he stepped out of a gas station advertisement in the 50s , back before everyone retreated into glass cages .
ginsberg lives in a charming old house near the top of panoramic drive , in strawberry canyon behind the cal football stadium .
dense patches of virginia creeper were interlaced with gnarled stretches of goldenrod and wild strawberry .
curve us to the left with more crop land of weeds and strawberries .
i love strawberries .
she reached up and clamped a hand on the top of her head , as wind swept through , tousling her strawberry blonde curls .
three rows of gold pear trees , garnet plum trees , and crab apple trees stand between the natural forest and patches of red strawberries , green shelled watermelons , and rows of colorful yellow , orange , and red vegetables .
she wasted most of the crushed up methanqualone liquid pouring it into the stiff strawberry cushions tail hole as the cloth leaked droplets of liquid but did nt burst .
she stabbed the strawberry pin cushion with the silver steel allowing the methanqualone drug to sit and soak like nice warm bubble bath , without the pink bubbles .
i think i can see strawberry bombs .
she sighed with pure happiness as the first strawberry bomb landed in her mouth .
the sweetness of the strawberry sugar coating made her tongue tingle .
the sweetest , tangiest strawberry juice shot out of the bomb and slipped down her throat .
i can smell the strawberry on your breath .
she was glad she did nt have any , she took another strawberry bomb out and put it where it belonged straight into her mouth .
yep , those were definitely strawberries on the womans dress .
graces mouth lifted as she noticed the shoes that the ghost was wearing , they were the same red as the strawberries on her dress and they had a juicy - looking strawberry embroidered on the top part of each shoe .
graces mouth lifted as she noticed the shoes that the ghost was wearing , they were the same red as the strawberries on her dress and they had a juicy - looking strawberry embroidered on the top part of each shoe .
the ghost grinned , grace got a whiff of strawberry .
i love other sweets but i ca nt live without my strawberry bombs !
what shed give for a strawberry bomb now to steady her nerves !
the colour is fading , those strawberries are turning grey .
the strawberries on connies dress turned from grey to a light pink .
and if that was nt temptation enough the aroma of sugar , strawberries , bananas and liquorice wafted through the air .
imagine if that was actually a real strawberry marshmallow , you could live inside it for a week and then eat yourself out .
my other hand must have been outstretched because i felt ... connie looked into the distance , grace saw the strawberries on her dress fade .
grace noticed that the strawberries on her dress seemed even redder .
grace glanced at connie , the strawberries on her dress had faded .
it was usually the liquorice sweets but sometimes the strawberry bombs .
david preferred a box of chocolate cereal while janet liked toast with strawberry jam .
once i busted out , i sat down at the lunch counter and ordered blueberry pancakes with a strawberry shake .
i swiped on a layer of strawberry - squeeze pink lipstick and then attempted to smooth down my frizzies with the palms of my hands .
kids were sneakin into my strawberry patch , eatin my strawberries .
kids were sneakin into my strawberry patch , eatin my strawberries .
try them with strawberries and whipped cream or maple syrup .
i poured cereal in a bowl , sliced strawberries on top , added milk and opened the paper .
the north section of red lake was nt any improvement over the south end , except that it started to rain off and on , and i changed my fantasies from strawberry milkshakes to hot chocolate and warm apple pie .
knowing his way around my apartment , dylan deposited the burgers , fries and shakes ( his strawberry , mine chocolate ) on the dining room table .
i asked her to make a strawberry pie .
she was also putting together a wonderful looking strawberry pie , which pleased me just fine .
and of course our mothers lasagna and fresh strawberry pie sitting in the middle of the table .
the coachman never got down , or bought an orange , or had a chat , but the lady was always polite and sometimes bought something from her or the strawberry girl .
cries of ` ` sweet strawberries , buy my ripe strawberries '' vied with ` ` knives to grind , penny a blade . ''
cries of ` ` sweet strawberries , buy my ripe strawberries '' vied with ` ` knives to grind , penny a blade . ''
worth dropped down beside him with a bowl full of vividly - ripe strawberries .
she smelled like sunscreen and green apple shampoo and now , strawberries .
i grabbed a couple of hershey bars the one with peanuts , a blue berry push - pop , and a couple of sour sprays in strawberry and apple flavor .
the first was an order of quiche , the second , waffles with strawberries on the side .
dory handed them their receipt and the bagged quiche and strawberries as they waited .
jack bent down to give buster his quiche and strawberries .
it was just a shade darker than a strawberry blonde .
he got himself a strawberry shortcake ice cream .
my mom always said it was strawberry blonde and that it made my green eyes stand out .
the dress actually made the strawberry blonde in my hair look nice too .
her own blonde hair was a strawberry blonde , the curls she had tried to put in that morning , falling out , and she had on the normal jeans and baby doll t - shirt that were her usual ensemble .
he selected the strawberry rhubarb cobbler and a stout cup of coffee with raw sugar .
margeritas seem to be popular.ladies particularly like strawberry margaritas .
she pressed a finger to the crumbs , only a scattering of evidence to tell of the sticky - sweet strawberry tarts they d both had .
her eye caught a crazy - quilt of color : tulips , asparagus , strawberries , bananas , hanging sausages , live chickens caught by their feet and twisting at the ends of long ropes and all of it flying by in a hectic haze .
he took out a large jar of mushrooms swimming in olive oil , two long baguettes , fresh pears , strawberries , a small wheel each of gouda and edam cheeses , and a roasted chicken pricked with toothpicks of baby onions .
her complexion was whipped strawberry cream , the high cheek bone hinted at her the small frame , captured in the wheel chair .
the table next to gretchen held several dolls , an eight - inch lee middleton , a strawberry shortcake riding her trike with custard cat in the basket , a five - inch cloth doll with an embroidered face , and an antique german bisque with jointed arms , wearing a blue dress .
it was a simple cotton piece , embroidered with tiny strawberries .
in the morning she served me my favorite breakfast , crepes suzettes with strawberries and whipped cream .
she had prepared cheese cake with fresh strawberries for desert .
rosie murphy came walking her brisk walk out from the cubicle maze , her strawberry blond curls bouncing , wearing a green blouse with black pants with a small black sweater over her shoulders .
the table was set with a linen tablecloth , there was a plate of fresh fruit on the table , a platter of crepes , a bowl of scrambled eggs , a basket with a stack of fresh croissants , a bowl with large strawberries and champagne flutes .
disturbed by the intrusion , the imposing , white - haired man glared at his assistant , his ice blue eyes glowering hawk - like over his tremendous strawberry nose .
i ' m not a kid , you know , '' she said , pouring more strawberry - kiwi shampoo into her palm and holding it out for one of the dogs to lick .
her hair tickled his throat and smelled of strawberries .
he loved strawberries .
a moment later he appeared in the doorway holding a huge crystal bowl with what looked like a strawberry sundae topped with chocolate sauce in one hand , and two dessert spoons in the other .
her overtreated hair aimed for on - the - farm strawberry blond but landed far closer to fell - at - the-4h - fair cotton candy .
` ` yes , thank you , '' i said , taking my frozen strawberry margarita and signing the check .
one of lo 's used to drink strawberry margaritas and was sloshed by noon .
the strawberry blonde with fair skin and a light layer of freckles is daisy 's best friend : cleo .
` ` how about ... chocolate covered strawberries ? ''
she bites into a strawberry .
she tasted like strawberry lip gloss and every addictive substance on the planet .
chyna just asked for a strawberry milkshake , happily handing over her dirty menu .
chyna sucked on her strawberry milkshake , mulling over the situation in silence .
on a side table , a bottle of champagne chilled in a bucket with a plate of regular and chocolate - dipped strawberries .
she smelled like fresh strawberries , and he put his lips on her , wanting to lick her all over .
her strawberry blonde hair was pinned up stylishly and her face was flawless .
maybe more of a strawberry blond from being out in the sun so much .
i rip open the package and tip a small amount in my mouth , enjoying the strawberry flavor and the sizzle against my tongue .
chapter six they ended up watching the avengers and eating waffles drenched in syrup , with strawberries and whipped cream .
he took a lock of my strawberry blond hair in his fingers and twisted it .
i settle the blankets at her neck , and she presses them down with her elbows on the outside , staring up at me with long fluttering lashes and tangled strawberry blond hair wisping across her perfect features .
she was shorter and curvier than nell , and becca had long curly black hair , so tightly curled that it was a thick mass of springy ringlets , whereas nell 's hair was a perfect shade of strawberry blonde .
her strawberry blonde hair was piled on her head in a complex arrangement of pins and knots , with a few wisps dangling free to frame her beautiful face .
at the far wall sits a desk with a striking strawberry blond woman sitting behind it .
chapter nineteen - strawberries the smell of bacon filled the apartment , and devon awoke with a smile .
being kissed this way was like tasting the first strawberry of the season - so sweet and way better than you ever remember .
he laughed and opened up the picnic basket , took out a strawberry and seductively fed it to me .
in the kitchen you will find vouchers for free brunch every day of your stay , as well as complimentary chocolate - dipped strawberries in the refrigerator and some of our finest wine .
i opened the door to the fridge and right in the middle was a tray of huge chocolate - covered strawberries , just as the letter had said .
` ` your nose is swelled up like a strawberry . ''
rose blush gave colour to my fair skin , and hot pink lipstick with a slick of strawberry flavoured gloss covered the one feature i could n't complain about - full lips .
` ` you smell like strawberries , '' he murmured softly , making me shiver before pulling back to look me over again .
he leaned into my ear and whispered , ` ` you still smell like strawberries . ''
a tub of ben and jerry 's strawberry cheesecake met my eyes , and i felt thoroughly blindsided .
ever ' before i reached forward and grabbed the steering wheel , '' i told lucy , mac , and evie from my hospital bed where i lay propped against mounds of pillows , munching on a pile of hot chips , and slurping noisily on my large strawberry shake .
pulling back , he said , ` ` you taste like strawberries , '' and sat on the edge of my bed .
i watched breathlessly as he swallowed and eyes crinkling , said , ` ` you know how much i love strawberry ice cream . ''
he procures a carton of strawberries and kicks the refrigerator closed on his way back .
he bites into the fruit , staining his lips red for a single second before he licks off the strawberry juice .
he pops open the carton again and eats another strawberry , not saying anything one way or the other .
he places the strawberries on the mattress , moving casually , easily , contentedly .
all of a sudden , the flesh of a strawberry is against my lips .
he slides the strawberry in my mouth , the green end sticking from my lips , and i rest the fruit on my tongue , careful to not dig my teeth into it .
i taste the sweet strawberry before i realize i ' ve bitten it clean in half .
i scoff at that declaration , but the aftertaste of sweet strawberry says he 's right and i ' m very much wrong .
i ' m almost certain everything with the strawberries and beyond has been swept from her mind by vodka .
a vanilla yogurt with strawberries and granola and then i ' m off to new york to introduce myself to the new calloway couture staff .
rose 's hands as she kneaded bread dough in the morning , the hat wall beside the dining table , the girls picking strawberries , hell , i even sketched old bessie ...
at that proximity , forget the shampoo ; i think i could smell her strawberry lip gloss .
my eyes had n't dropped before her mouth left mine , but the taste of her strawberry lip gloss lingered .
i 'd massage him with strawberry body oil , until he could n't stand it any longer and secured my wrists with my knickers .
my stomach panged , looking at the sweet delicacies to dip in the chocolate : pineapple , strawberries , marshmallows , the list went on .
it was a once in a while place because it was such a long way to go for their out - of - this - world strawberry rhubarb empanadas , filled pastry turnover , deep fried and served with the yummiest chocolate sauce ; it was worth the effort to go there .
lexi put strawberries in a basket at the market and moved on to the mangoes .
` ` i do n't have to know what 's in it to know that i ' m in the mood for '' -i glance back at the menu- ` ` a refreshing blend of strawberries , bananas , pineapple juice , and orange sherbet .
` ` this drink has strawberries in it .
thirty - eight blueberries and seven strawberries .
the next thing i know , he 's back at the blender , loading it with cut - up bananas and an extra - large serving of strawberries - definitely more than seven .
just a four - hundred - dollar gourmet blender and a dozen pints of strawberries .
` ` strawberries ?
who would send you strawberries ? ''
the pint baskets they come in are stamped with the name of an organic strawberry farm about twenty miles up the freeway , which means he went to a lot of trouble to get this gift here so quickly .
but when i reach in and pick up one of the baskets of strawberries , i notice the ivory business card that had slipped between the pints .
` ` ethan f**king frost is sending you strawberries ? ''
and these strawberries . ''
not the strawberries , which i admit are a charming gift .
i 'd meant to add it last night , but then the great strawberry debacle had distracted me .
if i ' m lucky , tori will be up for making her famous strawberry margaritas tonight .
if my roommate and i liked the strawberries he sent .
i start to tell him so , that i do n't appreciate the strawberries any more than i did the four - hundred - dollar blender .
` ` i ' m okay with you giving the strawberries back - especially if it gives me another chance to get yelled at by you . ''
i think about keeping it , about taking it into the kitchen right now and using it to whip up a strawberry smoothie .
it smells like strawberries .
i ca n't resist spritzing it with the strawberry spray i wear on a daily basis - a direct reference to the fact that he keeps sending me strawberries of one sort or another .
i ca n't resist spritzing it with the strawberry spray i wear on a daily basis - a direct reference to the fact that he keeps sending me strawberries of one sort or another .
deciding against a smoothie , because it just wo n't be the same if ethan 's not there making sure they add exactly seven strawberries to the blender , i grab a sandwich and some fruit .
i take a long sip of my strawberry margarita .
and the strawberries .
the strawberries , the tea , the feather .
the strawberries were okay , but in your opinion , the blender was too much . ''
surprise , surprise , it 's the blender , only this time it 's filled with a strawberry and pineapple smoothie .
but i know it 's from him , even before i open the box and see the beautiful arrangement of six perfect strawberry napoleons .
i was fine before you charmed me with your f**king strawberries and your f**king blender and your f**king ridiculous care packages .
she was a flower child stuck in today 's society , but still managed to turn heads with her hip - length strawberry blond hair and soulful green eyes .
she probed with a pure intention , her melodic voice as graceful as her hip - length strawberry hair and smooth movements .
he kept up the rotating thrusts , while he nibbled on the sensitive flesh of her belly , then back up to her br**sts to suck hard on the strawberry tips .
arilyn shifted her strawberry hair to the other shoulder .
her lips tasted like strawberries and when he pressed her mouth to his , trystan felt whole .
the scent of strawberries filled his head as he remembered kissing those lips not so long ago .
she tasted like strawberries and sunshine .
the taste of strawberry lip gloss filled his mouth .
and that 's why we 're running away , so i ca n't see the invisible man who ate your strawberry lip gloss . ''
one set is solid pink like strawberry soda .
the sick part of my mind wonders if he is taking me into the strawberry fields to kill me .
i 'd be hiding out in the strawberry fields , jumping from moving cars , and that sort of thing , remember ? ''
her sweet breath smelled of the strawberry lips gloss she had a habit , i noticed , of applying every half hour .
you know , '' i said to more to myself , ` ` she likes strawberries .
let me have some strawberry jam as well .
i started to walk off but forgot that harper would n't eat the strawberries without a little bit of sugar and threw an extra few packets in my bag .
inside , were candles , bubble bath , chocolate covered strawberries , a bottle of champagne and two glasses .
i picked up a chocolate covered strawberry and took a bite .
i turned rapidly , finishing my strawberry .
we traded control , back and forth , back and forth , kissing in undulating waves and she tasted incredible , like honeydew and strawberries .
all the girls at work rant and rave about strawberry mojitos and i found myself in a situation where i can try one .
his voice sounded so sexy , smooth like strawberries dipped in dark chocolate , and yet so rough , grating my nerve endings .
` ` like strawberries . ''
she eats them , doused in strawberry syrup .
i sigh heavily and step up closer , scanning over the different brands and flavors and mixed flavors and i wonder why there 's so much with strawberry or kiwi , or strawberry and kiwi in it .
` ` aaahh , good ... strawberry pancakes ? ''
she tasted like strawberries from the tic tac 's she 'd been eating .
sighing , i take in my disheveled , thin strawberry blonde pixie cut .
like strawberries , '' he says between kisses .
her strawberry blonde hair had grown to her shoulders and it was blowing freely in the wind .
` ` red cake with ... '' ` ` it 's pureed strawberries in a rich white cake , baked in little lobster molds , then filled with a vanilla amaretto cream . ''
` ` coconut shrimp , our new strawberry lobsters , the toffee pistachio crepes ... '' laura pretended to wipe drool from her mouth .
the champagne and chocolate - covered strawberries had led him to believe she 'd planned something more intimate than the option laid out before him now .
i was eyeing the chocolate - dipped strawberries when my doorbell rang several times in a row .
blowing a piece of her strawberry blonde hair from her forehead , she glared at me .
jess waved one of the bartenders over and ordered us a strawberry long island iced tea .
he 'll probably bring champagne and strawberries too .
she , the uber - cool bartender , is drinking a strawberry daiquiri because it 's an ironic act .
an overflowing bowl of strawberries dipped in chocolate caused her stomach to growl .
on the table , there was a bucket of champagne and strawberries .
when they passed the table with the strawberries and champagne flutes , he stopped .
i seem to recall another fitzgerald boy who was one , and he turned out all right , '' emma replied , while rubbing wide circles across noah 's back and kissing the strands of his strawberry blonde hair .
farah looked absolutely perfect , not a single strawberry blond strand out of place .
he came back a moment later , opening the door for a petite strawberry blonde with hard china - blue eyes .
rochelle was a strawberry blond , but she loved my darker red hair so much , she started dying hers a similar shade .
when i can have your sweet strawberry pie ?
` ` you got the strawberry pie and you 're done . ''
the tight red curls he remembered were now bleached out to a strawberry blond , and straightened - as if brynn were trying out for a nicole kidman look - alike position .
she flipped her strawberry hair back , and for an instant , he saw the beautiful riding instructor he 'd fallen in love with , bouncing on the back of a feisty horse .
then she 'd shown up in his doorway , looking like a strawberry sundae on a hot summer day .
she nibbled on her strawberry garnish and poked at the half pancake left on her plate .
when she got to the strawberries , i ceased to be in the sunshine at a sidewalk cafe , but was transported by her words , watching the fantasy scene unfold .
they ordered room service : champagne and ripe , red strawberries .
he picked out the biggest strawberry , stuck it in his mouth , and passed it to suzanne with a passionate kiss .
` ` eating strawberries , '' he said .
` ` i ' m going to eat your strawberry . ''
huskily , he said , ` ` do you want me to touch that strawberry pu**y ? ''
` ` do you know what i ' m going to do to that strawberry pu**y ? ''
` ` do n't move a muscle , '' he said , and he went to fetch the bowl of strawberries .
he returned , and held one strawberry in front of her mouth .
he put the strawberry in his mouth and passed it to her with another kiss .
` ` mm - mm , '' she said , meaning no , around the strawberry in her mouth .
her mouth watered around the strawberry that was melting in her mouth , and her pu**y felt red - hot , like it was burning up with a fever .
she cried out in surprise at how good it felt , and nearly swallowed the strawberry in her mouth , but did n't .
he voice hoarse and deep , he said , ` ` you may swallow the strawberry now . ''
the taste of strawberry still lingered in her mouth , and she sought his mouth , to taste him as well .
i sipped my drink , which was an ice - blended concoction that tasted of strawberry .
the strawberry taste was so vibrant , so good .
i felt like i 'd never truly tasted strawberry , never understood it , until just then .
i slurped the strawberry drink again , feeling incredibly surreal .
each taste of strawberry made the vision i 'd had even more real , only it was me behind held up and f**ked against the wallpapered wall , and me getting pistoned .
as we were digging into the fragrant lunch , the waiter came by with two very tall , thin glasses of a sparkling drink topped by strawberries .
i turned around and found a tray with champagne , fluted glasses , and strawberries dipped in chocolate .
she 'd perfected that look of harmlessness over forty years , and she wore it well under light makeup and a strawberry blonde chignon .
i found wild strawberries all the time when summer was new , sometimes i could even find raspberries when it was old .
we got in because sandrine had her sheet of strawberry blonde hair , fake br**sts an ex - boyfriend bought her and her ability to say no to desserts all the time and therefore her body was slim and perfectly toned .
soffits papered in wallpaper that had a white background , green vines and leaves , white and yellow flowers and big fat strawberries .
coffee cups , sugar bowl , small jug of milk , butter dish , jar of strawberry jam that was not purchased from a grocery store , silver spoon in it .
but at that moment , standing in a pretty town square pressed up against the warm hard body of a handsome man who was a good guy who took care of his grandma , a grandma that , even in a wheelchair , made delicious strawberry preserves , i did n't care .
` ` at least you have mrs . cody 's strawberry preserves to wake up to .
this was served with enormous poppy seed roles and followed by strawberry pie .
and last there was a woman with loads of strawberry blonde curls who looked like a fairy princess .
i felt his hand in my hair pull me forward and i felt my breath stick in my throat before i felt his lips touch my hair and there he kept murmuring to say , ` ` strawberries . ''
my hair did , indeed , smell like strawberries .
fuck , she smelled of strawberries and tasted like them too .
after he was done , he saw her smiling at him , gave her brief kiss getting a hint of the strawberry of her hair as he did it and liking it .
he probably liked the smell of strawberries too .
deck wanted to believe his hound was smart enough to understand him , but it was more likely he was on the trail of strawberries .
it was just better with emme 's strawberry in his nostrils , her soft body tucked close .
his eyes went back to his book , and he smelled strawberries so they tipped down to emme 's hair all over his chest .
' night , baby , '' he replied , pulling her closer , smelling strawberries .
he got one sweet stroke of her tongue , her strawberry scent all around , when they heard barry shout , ` ` we got chicken ! ''
so deck did n't even try to control it when he lifted his hands to frame her face and dipped his head so close to his girl , all he could smell was strawberries .
buford was on the scent of strawberries .
max and steve left to talk to dad after ` ` breakfast '' which tasted mostly of strawberries , thank god , but the rest of it did n't bear thinking about .
i saw sun dazzling lights on the pond ; the long , green front yard dad kept neat and trimmed ; the lush , dense trees at the foot ; the farmland beyond that ; and mom 's tidy , flourishing garden on the opposite side of the pond where she planted strawberries , potatoes , tomatoes , regular corn and popcorn every year .
they tasted like whipped cream , strawberries , waffles and lexie .
it was then i saw he had a package of strawberries , a bunch of bananas , a pot of yogurt and a big , plastic vat of something i did n't know what it was .
i asked back as he dumped the banana into the blender then opened the strawberries .
` ` i ... '' i started , not knowing what to say , he went back to his strawberries and then i tried to start with something easy .
he finished with the strawberries , leaned way to the side , opened a drawer , grabbed one of our awesome new spoons and went after the yogurt .
i made coffee and i used his strawberries , bananas and yogurt , cutting up the fruit and covering it with yogurt in the bowl .
* * * * * ty was standing with a hip against the counter , bowl of sliced bananas , cut strawberries and yogurt held up in front of him , spoon in his other hand shoveling the food into his mouth .
another nod , another eye flash , the kid liked strawberries .
his lips parted , he liked that a f**kuva lot better than strawberries and he shook his head .
i let her go , grabbing the lube and uncapping the strawberry scented gel .
strawberry surrounded us , smelling sickly sweet .
my c**k dripped with strawberries , wedged between her ass cheeks .
she had dipped some strawberries into honey and was eating them while waiting for devil and ripper to get back from the clubhouse .
` ` what 's with the strawberries and honey ? ''
` ` i thought it would be healthier than double cream , and the strawberries are too tart . ''
ripper 's arms stayed around her as she continued to eat her strawberries and honey .
she smelled of warm vanilla and strawberries .
her face was the colour of a plump strawberry .
she smelt like strawberries , really luscious and sweet .
she knew her face would look like a strawberry in a matter of seconds .
me looking like a strawberry is cute ? ''
she picked up a strawberry and bit into the delicious sweet fruit .
they 'd left the room in time to see pussy smirking and angel as red as a strawberry .
chapter eight frederick took a bite out of the strawberry , loving the lush taste of the fruit .
even the air smelled like strawberries , vanilla , and honey .
the sound of the door opening followed by the feminine scent of strawberry swamped him .
she must look like a strawberry .
` ` so , what do you say to pancakes for breakfast with some strawberries ? ''
her sister sat at the table hulling strawberries then placing them into a separate bowl .
james grabbed a strawberry instead and ate the ripe fruit .
violet opened her lips as he pushed the large strawberry between her lips .
` ` not as tasty as these strawberries . ''
he picked up a strawberry and held it out for her to bite .
her cheeks were a lovely strawberry color .
reaching down , he grabbed a strawberry and dipped the ripe fruit into the cream .
pressing the strawberry to her lips he watched the plumpness take the fruit .
i like strawberry .
the strawberry liquid eased its way down her throat into her belly .
` ` how about we scrap the cooking lesson and move straight to the eating strawberries and whipped cream off each other in bed part of the evening ? ''
twelve thirty minutes later , they were sitting cross - legged on the colorful rug on jason 's living room floor , a bowl of plump red strawberries and a smaller bowl of freshly whipped cream between them .
laughing , emma shoved a strawberry into his open mouth .
still , the woman looked like an angel , her unblemished skin a creamy ivory , her mouth the color of ripe strawberries .
` ` one with strawberries and slices of dark chocolate on top of the frosting . ''
` ` could we get a pitcher of strawberry margaritas ? ''
he came over , his eyes taking in the line of orange wedges , strawberries , and grapes .
he swiped a strawberry and turned back to me , blocking me in .
when he took the tip of the strawberry and trailed it down the valley between my br**sts before taking a bite , i had a feeling sex was on the menu .
her strawberry blond hair was held back with a pair of oversized glasses and i could tell from the dark , puffy semicircles beneath her eyes that she had n't gotten any sleep .
she propped her chin on her hand with a sigh and leaned forward until she created a strawberry blonde wall that she hoped the cameras could n't penetrate .
she smiled and waddled away , her mind likely already focused on full - body massages and chocolate - dipped strawberries , which was fine by nolan .
but as his gut tightened with instant recognition of the long - legged strawberry blonde , he remembered the night they 'd spent together with frightening clarity .
was that little girl , with the soft strawberry blond curls , a buchanan ?
everywhere they went aubrey elicited ` ` oohs '' and ` ` aahhs '' over her precious strawberry blonde curls and her aristocratic , china doll features .
` ` she looks like me with strawberry blond curls , '' nolan said , wiping away the sweat that kept beading his brow .
` ` mostly you , '' shannon admitted , smoothing the strawberry blond curls .
he forced a negligent shrug that belied the intense longing he was suffering and she released a shaky sigh , saying , ` ` well , i ' m allergic to strawberries .
i mean something truly shocking , though the strawberry allergy is good to know in case , aubrey is also allergic .
` ` such sweet strawberry curls , '' he murmured before delving straight between her folds without hesitating .
his roped forearms flexed enticingly as he slid a couple of strawberry daiquiris in front of two female customers , and the crooked grin he flashed them sent a spiral of heat through darcy 's body .
he reached up and pushed those strawberry blond waves aside , his thumb and forefinger closing over one pink nipple to give it a teasing pinch .
especially the strawberry jam . ''
` ` you had me at strawberry jam . ''
lick his way into her mouth and taste the chocolate and strawberries on her tongue .
i put some strawberry lip balm on his lips and tuck the covers around his broad shoulders .
` ` i ' m a strawberry man myself . ''
he returns with a big bottle of deville bottled water and a bowl of strawberries .
he feeds me a strawberry , and i shut my eyes as i chew .
taste the strawberries .
i spend the next hour looking for more information , trying to figure out how a college student with strawberry - blonde hair , twinkling green eyes , and a wide smile turned into missy king , governor 's mistress and small time extortionist - turned - sex slave .
i press my butt more tightly down against the backs of my shins - my legs are folded under me - and glance through the curtain of my strawberry hair at the sheet of thatch that stands between me and the priest .
her strawberry hair , tied into a bun behind her head , glints in the fluorescent light .
as i study my reflection , from my mother 's striking green eyes to my maw - maw 's rose - cheeked , heart - shaped face , to my father 's strawberry hair , i think about my aunt and uncle .
the way her wavy , strawberry hair hangs over her shoulders reminds me of a fairy tale princess .
she asks before biting a strawberry in half .
she chucked in a few beers next to the warm cheese- and ham - laden pastries he 'd added , then a punnet of fresh strawberries too .
plus she wanted that damn orgasm from him a hell of lot more than she wanted chocolate or strawberries or beer .
* * * * chapter seventeen bane the old woman with long silver hair was down on her knees in the garden plucking plump strawberries from a bush , when i approached her from behind .
then she went back to plucking strawberries , dropping them into a large wicker basket .
it was blond , with only a hint of strawberry , and it was much longer than izzy 's .
sarah was found lying in her strawberry bushes .
the bumps felt like jiggling jell - o , the strawberry kind .
she tasted so good , like strawberries , and i wondered if that pink sparkly gloss she always wore was flavored .
chance , would you do me a favor and order me a strawberry shake at the counter ?
i have nt seen our server in a while , and i m going to turn into a beast if i do nt get my strawberry fix soon .
he nodded his head , unsmiling , and sat down in the booth across from scarlet , pushing her strawberry shake towards her .
she laid her head against my chest , and the faint smell of strawberries drifted up from her hair .
we made small talk over steak dinners and devoured chocolate - covered strawberries for dessert while drinking ginger ale in champagne flutes .
i slid my hands around to her back as i kissed her gently on those shimmering pink lips , knowing that i d be tasting strawberries soon .
i love the strawberry lip gloss , honey , but you taste better , he says while slowly pulling out of me .
he tasted like the coffee he drank just before they left the dining room and the strawberry cheesecake she shared with him for dessert .
her stomach gave a little flutter when david walked over and flicked her strawberry blonde ponytail before he gazed down into her jade green eyes .
marina , in general , ate a crepe with banana and chocolate , but she felt like trying something new , so she ordered instead a crepe with a fruit skewer ( with strawberry , kiwi , banana , peach and pineapple ) and hot chocolate .
if anyone looked at marina , they would say that she made one think of a strawberry , for how red her face was .
she smelled of sweet pea and strawberries , and something all her own .
he buried his face against her hair and took a moment to savor the smell of her shampoo - fresh strawberries .
the sweet smell of strawberries assailed his nose - he could n't seem to get enough of it .
sweeping one more coat of strawberry flavoured lip gloss onto her lips she ran to the door and depressed the talk button .
cook shook his strawberry blond head helplessly .
anya gulped and tried to meet his eyes despite the fact that her cheeks could be as red as strawberries .
annie served us a combination of strawberry and apple juice .
i m already fine , august she comes toward us with a glass of a combination of strawberry and apple .
she tastes of candy , and sweet summer strawberries ; her hands reaching up to clasp around my neck as she kisses me back with a wild , nave abandon .
last night , after a quiet dinner at pierre 's followed by dessert , paul had asked her to be his wife just as lisa was contemplating a forkful of strawberry shortcake .
she started with the scrambled eggs and then finished with the strawberry jam slathered on the homemade bread .
sausage , eggs , fresh biscuits and homemade strawberry jelly soon appeared in front of her .
she helped herself to a couple of sausages , eggs , fresh biscuits with freshly made strawberry jam , and a cup of coffee .
but mum he s already eaten the strawberry yogurt .
as she weaved her way past stalls stacked high with strawberries from huelva , ripe red tomatoes , creamy yellow pumpkins sold by the slice , courgettes , broccoli , potatoes from the river valleys that bordered the town , sweet smelling oranges from valencia , bananas from the canary islands , pink fleshed grapefruits sliced open to reveal their authenticity , it seemed on the surface that the market was the same as any other european street market .
so she bought some strawberries and a kilo of oranges from an amply built gypsy woman then set off to talk to the town clerk .
are nt there any strawberry yogurts ?
she bent over and kissed him on the lips , she tasted of strawberries .
there s some bread with strawberry jam , if you want .
he had short strawberry blonde hair and his face was covered in freckles .
you have nt lived until a smart - alecky fifteen - year - old makes you feel inadequate because there s no way she would have ordered the strawberry pancakes when she s allergic to them , and by the way , she never drinks milk unless there s chocolate syrup in it .
he kept dinner simplea salad of field greens , tomatoes , cucumbers and strawberries , mimicking his aunt betty in that area .
closing my eyes , i let the strawberry scent tickle my nose .
she picked up a juicy strawberry and dipped it slowly in the cream , then using just two fingers , she brought the berry to her lips and sucked the cream off it slowly .
you ordered strawberries and cool whip for dessert ?
katie he watched as she took a strawberry and dipped it in the cream , then brought it to his mouth for him to enjoy .
mmm , have i ever told you that cream and strawberries are my favorite dessert ?
then he smiled quickly and said , they did nt have strawberries and cream .
her hair was a lovely share of red , not bright flaming red , but a more subtle strawberry color .
most of the ladies turned around , one strawberry haired cheerleader looked at me briefly , turned red and quickly looked away .
abby was nt a sarcastic person , but when helicopter mom walked up with a blended iced mocha in her hand , and a strawberries and cream in her gifted sons hand , she had to say something .
i got a bunch of those princess movies and her favorite strawberry ice cream .
afterwards they found an outdoor table at a corner cafe , fed each other strawberries and champagne , and chattered away ; all the things that they had both been too angry or shy to say before .
and if she fell asleep with mascara on , she did n't wake up looking like an overweight strawberry skull .
she actually sent these strawberries this morning , auntie said , pointing to a pack of strawberries on the table with a note pinned to it , she said you need some fruits .
she actually sent these strawberries this morning , auntie said , pointing to a pack of strawberries on the table with a note pinned to it , she said you need some fruits .
i sat down on a chair and pulled the pack of strawberries from the table , untangling the ribbon and shoving a piece in my mouth .
i rolled my eyes , your mom sent me strawberries .
oh , that , yes , he said , last night you kept going on and on about how you wanted your own strawberry farm !
oh , god , i sighed , just uhmthank your mom for the strawberries , okay ?
fairies in strawberry fieldssounds like a dream .
fairies and strawberry fields she s a wildflower , she blooms through the summer she makes me swoon , takes away my gloom she s a fairy , living in strawberry fields she s cinderella who found her own shoe she sees me through she s a ray of sunshine , glimmering on the run she has a tattoo , oh , she beats you i could tell her i love her but i have no idea how to she s fragile , and strong she s lost , and found she s you and me and yet she s she she s the fairy who loves strawberries there was a lump in my throat and tears in my eyes .
fairies and strawberry fields she s a wildflower , she blooms through the summer she makes me swoon , takes away my gloom she s a fairy , living in strawberry fields she s cinderella who found her own shoe she sees me through she s a ray of sunshine , glimmering on the run she has a tattoo , oh , she beats you i could tell her i love her but i have no idea how to she s fragile , and strong she s lost , and found she s you and me and yet she s she she s the fairy who loves strawberries there was a lump in my throat and tears in my eyes .
i promise to make you the happiest girl on earth , to give you your strawberry fields , to search the world for fairiesto love you with every breathmindy , will you marry me ?
except for her mother , all of them had flourished under lady meller 's care : will had learned his ciphers , and tess , to read and write fluently , and when maggie was laid low with scarlet fever , it was lady meller who 'd nursed her , and actually got maggie to laugh and joke about her bright strawberry tongue .
he reached past her and smelled strawberries .
with her hands strapped to my back she passionately kissed me like her lips were crafted from strawberry fruit .
my strawberry blonde hair , cut in a short pageboy , was my own hair , just not the original color god gave me .
i dumped the strawberries i d picked into a basket and stuck out my hand .
they discussed whom to invite , when to have it , how many courses to serve and whether strawberries were available at this time of year .
i hesitantly requested strawberry crepes while stirring an amaretto creamer into my coffee .
so maggie singer troops in with her birkenstocks and bag of tricks her peach scented vibrator and her candles and her handcuffs ( fur lined ) and her strawberry and licorice flavored condoms and her obscene cookies , bread ladies with inverted chocolate kisses in their public areas and little pointy chocolate drops on their breasts and the breadmen with gummy worms coming out of their crotches .
so i have to admit , after that day , i took to sitting by the front window of the waffle house , and every day he d come in , like for a cup of coffee , or a strawberry waffle , or something , and we d meet like by accident -- as if -- and talk till ashley kicked us out .
we eat strawberry pie under it when the tree is blooming .
shed seen a strawberry pie at the bakery , and bought it for their dessert .
there s even some chocolate - dipped strawberries in here for us .
baffled , she walked to the grocery store to check on the shipment of strawberries two people had stopped her in the street to tell her had arrived .
clen preferred to avoid the woman , but fresh strawberries were a rare treat in wrangell .
someone , probably his assistant , linda , had arranged for wine in an ice bucket , and strawberries .
she smells like shampoo and strawberries , sweet and nice , and yet somehow , extremely sensual .
by the time the tiny , sweet , fresh strawberries arrived , most of the other patrons had gone .
sean accepted the two strawberry margaritas the bartender handed him .
a large vase of red roses sat in the middle with a wine bucket next to it along with a plate of chocolate covered strawberries .
she had the same strawberry blonde hair and ice blue eyes as maggie .
that s strawberry .
taking them out and bringing them in sarah sat back out a ways on thunder with tess beside her on strawberry .
he smiled as he checked the strawberry tiramisu he had constructed .
he considered every strawberry he hulled , cleaned and quartered them , contemplated the brand of rum used and brooded over the quality of the mascarpone cheese selection at the grocery store .
once dinner was eaten and the tableware cleared , gabriel brought out his strawberry tiramisu .
you tell me what has you lookin like that disaster of a strawberry cake i made .
sakura grabbed some toast and proceed to spread some strawberry jam on it , wondering where daddy james and mom brenda had gone off to .
its just a myth , like the bogeyman , bigfoot , and aliens being kept alive with strawberry ice cream , i said .
cassie 's stomach rolled over again , she was worried she was going to throw up her strawberry shake before this night was over .
a bad strawberry burn with blood oozing down my arm brought me back to reality .
i laughed , reached down and pulled the pink and red strawberry scented little freshener off my fan vent and tossed it in the garbage can in front of my car .
a smaller plate held raw vegetables and there was a bowl of fresh strawberries and blueberries for dessert .
ric picked up a strawberry and turned it over in his fingers before taking a bite .
her white clothes hamper was pulled close to the edge of the tub , an empty glass and small plate of strawberries and grapes arranged on its top .
she got all the way in and reached for the champagne , sampled a strawberry .
she grabbed a strawberry and ate it , leaving abby wondering if she had imagined it all .
the buildings were covered in ice cream coloured clapboard ( vanilla , strawberry and pistachio ) , the glittering water lapped at white stonework , and shiny chains looped into golden wooden posts to prevent you tumbling into the inky drink .
mr . brightman said i was to make pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream for harris . ''
` ` i 'd love the pancakes and strawberries . ''
she completed the meal with appetizers at the table of refreshments , the outline of zucchini scapece and the dessert of strawberries with whipped cream and chocolate cake .
i do nt know if you re allergic to any foods so maybe you should know that it does nt contain any strawberries or nuts or bee stingers in it ( since some people are allergic to bee stings ) .
she smelled like strawberries and vanilla , and thanks to the shampoo bottle shed brought over , so did my bathroom .
` ` chocolate covered strawberries . ''
he s always been a good kid , robert says around a mouthful of strawberry .
its light - bodied with a dark red color , notes of strawberry and sour cherry .
on a table outside , she set up a three - tiered display of juicy strawberries and grapes .
i stuck a strawberry in my mouth and heard the doorbell .
the strawberry blonde who had been waiting to enter the elevator had landed in an undignified heap on the floor with a briefcase of papers scattered around her from where the fall had popped the latch and allowed the contents to escape .
i do nt generally mix much with the renters , charlotte told her over slices of angel food cake with strawberries as their lunch was winding down .
kate inspected her strawberry blonde hair in the mirror .
whether it 's dancing , chocolate covered strawberries , rum runners or karaoke night .
the head had pale skin , freckles , and a cascade of strawberry blonde hair that was almost pink in color .
the heads eyes were closed so joan was unable to see the womans eye color , but she had beautiful strawberry blonde almost pink hair , and freckles sprinkled across the bridge of her nose .
but she kept trying them , one by one , hoping to fine that elusive strawberries and cream .
on the platter sat an enormous , spherical scoop ofsemifreddo al limonea rich ice cream parfait that was my absolute all - time favorite dessertin a bed of strawberry sauce .
written in the strawberry sauce , in carefully piped chocolate , were the words , guaranteed to melt in your hand .
morgan reached for a muffin as his brother grabbed the last piece of toast and slathered it with strawberry preserve .
there is maple syrup or strawberries and cream .
right in front of her was a cake , a beautiful , delicious white chocolate and strawberry cake , topped with thirty candlesno more , no lessjust thirty straight candles illuminating the entire room that was once shrouded in darkness .
she took a bite of the yummy - looking pancake dripping with strawberries and honey , topped with banana on the side .
the honey on her tongue was so sweet it reminded her of the kiss last night before anton before anton clarice could nt finish her thought as her cheeks grew hot , blooming red as the strawberry on her plate .
he was like a little kid in a candy store , having to pick the strawberry licorice or the banana taffy when both were his favorites .
i do nt want strawberry or banana .
or ... how about ... canned ham spread on saltine crackers and freeze dried strawberry ice cream on the side ?
it was a sleeveless , ruffle waist party dress and it was a strawberry color and an a - line silhouette style made out of a super soft satin material .
he had a little strawberry colored rose stuck in his lapel and i realized that it matched my dress exactly .
he fed me a strawberry .
a strawberry shaped cookie jar , a gift from judes sister bailey , sat on the counter .
she picked up the carton of strawberries sitting on the counter .
unlike store bought berries that were shipped from halfway around the world , these were red the whole way through and when she sliced them the scent of fresh strawberry filled the room .
trace campbell might not be able to take a hint , at least not where she was concerned , but he knew how to grow some truly delicious strawberries .
what did you do to the strawberries to make them taste so good ?
he d add them to the greens he and the interns had picked that morning and take them up to the restaurant with another batch of strawberries and some fat asparagus spears .
after quickly washing my hair with my strawberry shampoo and conditioner , i toweled off and wrapped the towel around my hair to let it dry .
feeling the need to start my day right , i decided to make a quick fruit salad with grapes , strawberries , pineapple and cantaloupe topped with a banana and sour cream dressing .
i took a strawberry banana one and he went with chocolate caramel .
i asked , grabbing a strawberry .
like you , your son is delightful despite his vocabulary , trent told me , grinning through a bite of muffin slathered with enough strawberry jam to cover ten muffin halves .
i hope she lets us eat huge bowls of strawberry ice cream !
trying to walk quietly so that her footsteps did nt distract himshe had nt realized he could hear , down thereshe put the strawberries back in the fridge next to the champagne , put the matches for lighting the candles in a drawer , picked up her purse , and let herself out of the apartment , to go home and have irish stew with sugar and mom .
a short strawberry blonde in a detroit red wings jersey and black leggings loomed over him .
your skin is as soft as silk , and your hair smells like strawberries .
darcy had eaten a small strawberry tart , and was eyeing a mille feuille , with its layers of flaky pastry , rich creamy custard and vanilla and chocolate icing .
after clearing the debris from the first courses and setting out fresh strawberry and raspberry tarts along with a selection of cheeses displayed on a thick slab of marble diane had declared a time out , sending all the children and their respective parents across the road to the nearby park , armed with frisbees , a basketball and instructions to burn off some excess energy before dessert .
her strawberry blond hair was stick straight under her black beanie , and once again i heard raptor talking to himself under his breath .
from the fridge i got some strawberry jelly and put it on the biscuits .
that included rolls , onions , lettuce , and half a bottle of strawberry wine .
she smelled faintly of strawberries , and i had to look away before i did something stupidlike kiss her or push her away , i was nt sure which .
she was already so close , her thigh pressed against mine in the tiny booth , her strawberry - and - spice scent tickling my nose with each breath .
i wanted to kiss the freckles on her nose and breathe in the strawberry scent of her hair .
it was like the last , decadent bite of a chocolate - covered strawberry .
hello , i d like a bottle of cristal brut champagne , a large bowl of fresh strawberries , a bowl of warm chocolate syrup to dip the strawberries in , and also a bowl of fresh whipped cream sent up to my room .
hello , i d like a bottle of cristal brut champagne , a large bowl of fresh strawberries , a bowl of warm chocolate syrup to dip the strawberries in , and also a bowl of fresh whipped cream sent up to my room .
the champagne and do - it - yourself chocolate - covered strawberries have arrived .
oh , look he even got us strawberries to dip into chocolate and whipped cream .
tristan took turns kissing each of the girls and feeding chocolate - covered strawberries to them .
the bakery was known for its delicious tarts in a variety of flavors - strawberry - rhubarb , apple , cherry , chocolate truffle , fresh berry , lemon , plum and pecan .
soi have a room at the empire hotel if you d care to join me for some champagne , strawberries and of course chocolate .
tristan hopped out of bed and fetched the champagne , strawberries and also held a box of chocolates .
tristan held out two champagne glasses , dropped a strawberry inside of each glass , and poured the champagne .
the blogger was carrying two bowls - one filled with huge , fresh strawberries and the other with what must have been melted chocolate , judging from the smell that was now wafting through the air .
she reached out , picked up a strawberry , and dipped it into the melted chocolate , coating it thoroughly .
the blogger brought the chocolate - covered strawberry up to her mouth , but instead of biting it she began to lick the chocolate off of the strawberry with her wet , pink tongue using long strokes .
the blogger brought the chocolate - covered strawberry up to her mouth , but instead of biting it she began to lick the chocolate off of the strawberry with her wet , pink tongue using long strokes .
tristan watched beccas dexterous tongue lick and lap the chocolate off of the strawberry .
once becca had licked all of the chocolate off the strawberry , she slowly bit into it , chewed and swallowed .
tristan watched becca intently as she picked up another strawberry , and dipped it in chocolate .
becca held the strawberry up to tristans lips .
tristan obeyed but not before he sucked on the tip of the strawberry suggestively .
tristan licked and teased the strawberry before he finally ate it .
tristan rumbled as he reached out , selected a strawberry , and dipped it in chocolate .
becca smiled as she leaned forward and let tristan feed her the strawberry .
a plate with a stack of blueberry pancakes that had been decorated with a whipped cream smiley face , strawberries and drizzled with honey caught her attention next .
and there was even a plate of freshly cut fruit : cantaloupe , strawberries , kiwi , and banana .
mina watched him go thoughtfully as she sucked on a strawberry .
she thought before plopping the entire strawberry into her mouth .
she is a green eyed strawberry blonde .
deirdre brought out some lovely sandwiches followed by a delicious strawberry rhubarb tart !
oh , i already know what i want , rebecca said , her tone completely changed to enthusiasm , i want the colossal stack of waffles with strawberry and extra whip cream and four extra - extra crispy bacon but not burnt .
blueberry pancakes with sausage for sarah and supreme waffle stack with strawberries and extra whip for jeremy .
he finally sliced his strawberry waffles and took a bite as well .
her eyes followed him as he ran over to the ice cream van to buy her a plain vanilla cone with strawberry sauce , taking in his broad shoulders and the muscles that were defined but not overly so .
she cautiously took a sip of the concoctionshe detected strawberries , bananas , and possibly spinach .
there was the traditional maple , along with strawberry , blackberry and apple .
` ` it 's like living in a box of strawberry nesquik . ''
kenny , the stoner community college kid who did prep during the days , was hulling strawberries at the industrial metal island , his head bopping in rhythm with whatever was playing on his ipod .
i got out of bed early after a night of fitful sleep , then ambled downstairs and watched the early - morning cartoons while i ate my breakfast of coffee , an orange , and a strawberry pop - tart .
by the time the strawberries were served , winnie was not thinking as clearly as she would have liked .
normally sebastian favored petite brunettes , but the footlights shot this woman 's long pale hair with strawberry highlights .
` ` for letting me take a piece of strawberry shortcake over to mr .
the girl he had been dreaming about since they had met , with her almond , blue eyes and long strawberry hair , with her smile that lit his heart .
the rattle and bustle of the tea - tray 's arrival gave her the opportunity to drop her cloth facade , and she meekly accepted a slice of toast spread with a thin scrape of margarine and a delectable spoonful of the strawberry jam .
simon procured her a large glass of the tea - colored drink with its floating mix of strawberries , apples , orange and cucumber .
his teeth nibbled at the strawberry gloss she knew he loved , his low moan vibrating against her br**sts .
i took a bite of my strawberry cheese danish .
her strawberries and cream scent drifted around him and caused an instant erection .
he buried his face in a mass of fiery waves and breathed in the scent of strawberries .
the familiar scent of strawberry and cream teased his nostrils , and he knew that in her own way , she 'd achieved the ultimate revenge .
the scent of ripened strawberries and rich vanilla filled his head , and he tangled his fingers in the glorious weight of her hair and tugged , giving him better access .
` ` you look a little pale , '' he commented , removing the lid from the strawberry jam .
kera passed me the strawberry jelly .
lexie had loved everything about the place : the high ceilings and classic wainscoting , the formality of the server who had brought them chocolate - covered strawberries and the apple cider they 'd substituted for champagne , the heavy robe and comfortable slippers , the softness of the bed .
but then her expression eased and she said , ` ` strawberries , your grace .
not baked in a pie or turned to jam , but fresh , plump , juicy strawberries . ''
her talk of strawberries only served to make him wonder what those lovely lips of hers might taste like , and worse , how he might go about discovering it .
suppressing the guilt that threatened to surge , anthony allowed his hands to move down miss smith 's back while his tongue roamed over hers , and all he could think of was strawberries .
plump and juicy strawberries , or even better , miss smith biting into said strawberries .
plump and juicy strawberries , or even better , miss smith biting into said strawberries .
he 'd never considered the possibility that there could be something erotic about food , and yet miss smith had changed that for him - she 'd spoken of strawberries with that delicious mouth of hers and he knew , beyond any shadow of a doubt , that strawberries would forevermore be reminiscent of something delightful and enticing .
he 'd never considered the possibility that there could be something erotic about food , and yet miss smith had changed that for him - she 'd spoken of strawberries with that delicious mouth of hers and he knew , beyond any shadow of a doubt , that strawberries would forevermore be reminiscent of something delightful and enticing .
and then he said , ` ` i believe mrs . wilkes ' tearoom has strawberry tarts . ''
i know how much you like them , though given the time of year , they 'll be made with preserves no doubt , and not with fresh strawberries , as you would prefer . ''
she never should have told him about her fondness for strawberries , for he was clearly using it against her now and with his own devious motives in mind .
and snug strawberry corduroys .
and now like some sort of a magician 's hat , he pulled out a blanket , two bottles of red wine , a couple of glasses , a container filled with five or six different kinds of cheese , most of them names she could n't pronounce , and a set of grapes and strawberries , a couple of them chocolate covered .
judith had hair that could only be described as some sort of sugary confection : overdyed and overteased into what resembled spirals of strawberry cotton candy erupting from her head .
it could have been merely the power of suggestion , but i swear she even smelled like strawberries .
will looked a little exhausted already from the adventures of judith and mary - he 'd finally given in and enjoyed their brand of absurdity , letting them feed him strawberries over breakfast while hanna laughed - and probably would n't even be up for some good george games anyway .
she 's laughing and trying to force - feed her husband a strawberry .
` ` you remind me of those chocolate covered strawberries we had for dessert , '' i admitted .
i slid my lips against hers licking her bottom lip just the way i 'd fantasized about doing when i 'd watched her eat the chocolate strawberries .
i say around my mouthful of delicious , ripe strawberry .
he asks as he pops a strawberry into his own mouth .
the cogs commence and he shrugs , slipping another strawberry past my lips .
i grab a strawberry and shove it in my mouth .
he presents me with another strawberry , and i reluctantly take it .
i collect a strawberry , hull it and chop it in half .
i work my way through the whole pile of strawberries , popping them in a sealable container as i go , then start on the lemons .
he knocks the container on the side of the bar and pours the dark pink liquid into a long glass with some mint and a strawberry .
his c*ck jumped to attention when she dropped her jacket to the floor leaving her in tiny , black panties with the handcuffs hanging off one wrist , the blindfold sitting around her neck , and , shit , her strawberry n**ples held erect by the nipple clamps .
he ordered champagne and strawberries and they laid on the bed , drinking and nibbling the berries , with the juices running down their bodies .
she tasted of strawberries and something else he could n't describe .
her strawberry fragrance was intoxicating , causing his stomach to clench as he ran his tongue over the perfect mounds of her br**sts , lavishing equal attention to both .
i have a sudden desire for strawberries and champagne , preferably eaten off your skin . ''
we 'll have the soup as an hors d'oeuvre , then the strawberries for dessert , '' she promised .
with strawberries and peanut butter ? ''
i ' m going to make you cum like that and then i ' m going to smear a strawberry in a mix of chocolate and your cream and i ' m going to make you eat it . ''
he smiled and thanked me when i handed him a cool glass filled to the brim with my strawberry banana smoothie concoction .
asher doled out the pancakes onto three plates , we topped them with more strawberries and whipped cream , then we all sat around the dinette table , munching .
popping a bit of sliced strawberry in my mouth , i nibbled on it absently .
` ` bring her strawberries and fresh fruit from the pike place market . ''
when dessert finally arrived , strawberries and pound cake dipped in rich chocolate , carol was so tense she could n't wait another minute .
she ate a yogurt and fresh strawberries for lunch at a nearby park .
` ` i do n't know how you could even think i 'd ever be able to forget this , '' i said in awe as the server set chocolate covered strawberries in front of us .
they each had toast and homemade strawberry preserves while she wrote her list for the day and he read the bremerton sun .
as they walked to the back door , she studied the small vegetable garden and the strawberry patch , dotted with succulent red berries .
dessert was homemade angel food cake , served with fresh strawberries and whipped cream .
two eggs over easy , bacon , cooked crisp , and two pieces of sourdough toast with strawberry jam if they had it .
on the drive back to the house , charlotte stopped at a roadside stand selling strawberries freshly picked on vashon island .
she purchased two large flats to put up strawberry preserves .
perhaps she could tempt ben by serving scones topped with sweetened strawberries and whipped cream for dessert this evening .
the moment she got home , ben came out to carry in the strawberries and the few groceries she 'd bought .
` ` these are a lot of strawberries , '' ben commented as he picked up a large red one .
ben set the strawberry down and shook his head .
with bis eyes shut , the faint scent of strawberry shampoo and sleeping woman filled his nostrils , scattering his thoughts .
she tasted as good as fresh strawberries and cream .
as they hurried up the back steps , he leaned close to her ear , drawing in the fresh strawberry scent of her shampoo .
he was n't going to think about what her slim body would look like nak*d , laid out before him like some sort of delicious dessert - a mixture of strawberry pink and sweet , creamy white .
he only stopped playing every so often to pop a strawberry into my mouth or his or to trail his lips , his teeth , up my thighs .
gram 's more interested in the chocolate dipped strawberries , so she shoos us away .
` ` remember that time i ate strawberries with you on them ? ''
there , he keeps his promise of eating strawberries and me .
by the time she got to the kitchen , anita had already dished up -- french toast soaked in grand marnier , fresh strawberry slices , and soft - boiled eggs -- and was sitting at her place .
guy was still admiring the picture she made , the way her white jeans clung to her thighs , and fantasizing about feeding her strawberries that he 'd flambeed to impress her then licking the flavour from her lips .
` ` make mine a strawberry margarita , '' said avery .
not that everything she wore was stupid ... she had a pair of vans he liked , with strawberries on them .
i smell like a strawberry shortcake doll . '
he could tell from here that she 'd taste like strawberries .
he went back to the kitchen and returned with the strawberry cheesecake he had made .
they 'd made a tradition of lamenting how very , very single they were over strawberry milk shakes at the local diner .
she had on a matching blue polo and a white sun visor sat atop her strawberry blond locks .
my feet stopped moving as i watched nan flick her long strawberry blond hair over her shoulder and then level a scowl at me .
i ' m dying for some strawberries and cool whip .
nick had made it back with the strawberries and cool whip and ella had been anxious to end the call before she heard more than she could ever forget .
` ` mmmm , is that strawberry , my favorite ? ''
on a table by the window a bottle of champagne stood tilted in a silver ice bucket , a plateful of strawberries beside it .
` ` do you want some strawberries ? ''
` ` i ' m going to have a cheeseburger , fries , and a strawberry milkshake , '' kate said when they were seated .
she seemed to consider that question for a moment before answering , her perfect little nose wrinkling and her head tilting so a few locks of that silky strawberry hair fell across one eye .
he could barely concentrate on driving the damn boat because she was such a distraction , the black boy shorts and bikini top contrasting against her creamy skin and tendrils of her strawberry hair teasing at her cl**vage , drawing his attention over and over to those ample br**sts of hers .
i decided to try a few new cupcake flavors today and went with strawberries and cream cupcakes and white chocolate cranberry cupcakes .
i brush my hair out , take the strawberry cheesecake ice - cream out of the freezer , grab a spoon and sink into the sofa with a plop .
she takes us straight to the fruit and vegetable section and puts random items in the cart : strawberries , half a cantaloupe , carrots , tomatoes , celery , apples and avocado .
something sweet , like strawberries .
he could taste them already - the strawberry tartness tickling his tongue , feeding his soul , before he pulled away and let her suck him like she 'd be dying to do .
she accepted the glass , her body brushing against his as she reached for a strawberry .
on the terrace where he fed her chocolates and strawberries and danced with her to diana krall under the tuscan sky .
julia watched as she plugged in an electric waffle maker and proceeded to wash and hull a basket of fresh strawberries and whip some cream .
he reached into a bowl of strawberries and chose the largest , ripest one and held it out to her .
she speared a strawberry with her fork and bolted it .
a bottle of champagne sat chilling in an ice bucket , and nearby , julia saw a plate of chocolate - covered strawberries and what looked like tiramisu .
julia trusted him , so she shut her eyes and felt something nudge against her lower lip ; then it was inside her mouth , all chocolate and juicy sweet strawberry and the feel of gabriel 's thumb brushing across her heated flesh .
he returned to feeding her strawberries dipped in chocolate , interspersed with smal sips of champagne , until she declined any further dessert so that she could return the favor .
she left a message for gabriel with the concierge at the ritz - carlton , telling him that she would be checking in later that evening , and she ordered sparkling water , strawberries , and truffles to be delivered to their room .
she gestured to the table that held the strawberries and chocolates , some of which had already been consumed .
i took a seat at the kitchen counter and a plate was placed in front of me , complete with fresh strawberries , and a dollop of what i believed was homemade whipped cream .
i ordered a champagne strawberry salad and peter the truffle risotto .
beatrice and claire were both enjoying a hot cup of tea and some scones with strawberry jam as she walked across to the table .
beatrice picked up a strawberry tart and took a small bite from it .
` ` mad dog 20/20 and boone 's farm strawberry hill . ''
` ` maybe strawberries ?
` ` you want strawberries , apples , cinnamon , and pineapples ? ''
` ` no , no strawberries .
betsy wanted strawberry popsicles for every meal . ''
she tasted of newly picked strawberries , warm and inviting .
she was sprawled across the blanket , already putting strawberries into her perfectly pouted mouth .
odd , that in the time he had known her he had become jealous of everything she touched , first the flower and now strawberries ?
nicholas responded by tackling her and stealing the strawberries .
she took the opportunity to yawn and lift another strawberry to her mouth before stretching her body across his .
he lifted a strawberry to her lips .
` ` that 's easy ; it 's a strawberry . ''
his gaze scanned the room , looking for an escape route , when it landed on the red strawberries .
which , unfortunately , reminded his aching body of abigail 's lips , and that is how he came to focus solely on a single strawberry for longer than two minutes , all the while looking extremely pleased with himself .
` ` i do love strawberries . ''
i ' ve heard that abigail is positively enraptured by strawberries . ''
his gaze rested on the strawberries again .
but the temptation to bathe abigail in strawberries was too strong .
after we sat down and ordered a round of sugary alcoholic drinks - i almost wanted to burst out laughing when daniel agreed to a pitcher of strawberry margaritas - i actually began to feel relaxed and at home for the first time since daniel had ` ` proposed '' to me .
a dirty , ragged - clothed boy with strawberry blond hair and green eyes .
the food came , the eggs were light and done perfectly , the home fries were seasoned and crisp , and the french toast was fluffy and coated with cinnamon and powdered sugar , topped with rich clotted cream and strawberries and finished off with a drizzle of caramel .
and she said , ` ` dig , '' and we went on like that for a bit , and then i got on my knees and dug through the soft black dirt at the edge of the woods , and before i could get very far , my fingers scratched glass , and i dug around the glass until i pulled out a bottle of pink wine - strawberry hill , it was called , i suppose because if it had not tasted like vinegar with a dash of maple syrup , it might have tasted like strawberries .
and she said , ` ` dig , '' and we went on like that for a bit , and then i got on my knees and dug through the soft black dirt at the edge of the woods , and before i could get very far , my fingers scratched glass , and i dug around the glass until i pulled out a bottle of pink wine - strawberry hill , it was called , i suppose because if it had not tasted like vinegar with a dash of maple syrup , it might have tasted like strawberries .
decked out in a full - length silk robe the color of ripe strawberries , eloise beckoned him from beneath the decorative arch that led into the front sitting room .
but , in her sweeping strawberry robe , she was already scooting around him like her rear end was on fire .
he fed me strawberries and cream .
` ` it 's a smal strawberry on his left buttock . ''
` ` i have to find the strawberry . ''
` ` i think you 'd have more luck finding strawberries in the kitchen , chrissy dear , '' suzette said , laughing openly now .
` ` but i have to find dicky 's strawberry , '' christiana protested , trying ineffectual y to stop grace as she began to undo her lacings .
i might fal asleep and miss dicky 's strawberry . ''
if there was no strawberry , she would know it was george , that he was a cold murderous bastard and that there was definitely no chance for their marriage whether he kissed her or not .
either way she could have the marriage annul ed , she thought and then tried to remember why she had to see the strawberry at al .
` ` if there is no strawberry , i ' m married to george . ''
it just depends on if there 's a strawberry or not . ''
understanding struck her then , and her next thought was the strawberry .
final y , she said , ` ` i am not sure if he has the strawberry or not . ''
` ` wel ... yes , wel , that 's the thing , '' she muttered , ` ` last night i was trying to see the strawberry and - wel , i was trying to see it - i fear the alcohol had something of an effect on me , i - he - we definitely had n't consummated it on the wedding night , '' she ended lamely .
she real y did n't want to discuss it anymore at al , at least , not unless richard did n't have the strawberry birthmark .
aside from that , there was the whole ` ` does he have a strawberry on his bottom '' issue to worry about as wel .
` ` i was trying to see your strawberry , '' she snapped and then narrowed her eyes .
` ` my strawberry ? ''
it had been his pants she 'd been so determined to remove last night as he recal ed , but no one had ever cal ed his manhood a strawberry before .
she supposed she should n't be so surprised , she 'd asked to see his bottom to check for the strawberry , but real y she 'd expected something of an argument perhaps , or a little modesty , but the way he 'd simply dropped his drawers suggested there was very little modesty in the man .
` ` it 's not real y a strawberry though , is it ?
` ` i was trying to see his strawberry and ... er ... '' ` ` and fel on his pole ? ''
reading the silent question as to her wel -being in his eyes , she smiled gently and said , ` ` he has the strawberry .
behind us , in the valley where we used to swim and pick strawberries , eat pizza and go to movies , the valley where i was born and grew up and discovered everything that 's now inside me , plumes of smoke rise .
her br**sts were lush and made for a man 's hands , her n**ples the color of a ripe strawberry that begged for a man 's tongue .
his mouth opened over her and he fed , sucking hard on her strawberry nipple as his hands slid around her back to grasp the curve of her buttocks , forcing her h*ps up to cradle the length of throbbing , hard flesh begging for entry .
the scone with strawberry butter added a bit of sweetness to complete the meal .
or ruby red like a delicious strawberry ? ''
the high tilt of her br**sts , the hard stab of strawberry n**ples .
he breathed in the sweet smell of her strawberry shampoo and allowed himself the luxury of leaning on another person .
nick buried his face in her hair , the sweet scent of strawberry drifting in his nose , the strong heat of her body pressed against his .
aimee stirred the swizzle stick in her strawberry daiquiri , then licked the end as she stared across the room , her eyes studying the good - looking man with the imported ale .
how does a bottle of dom perignon and a bowl of chocolate - covered strawberries sound ? ''
he 'd ordered up champagne and chocolate - covered strawberries , which had made her feel special .
she remembered the strawberries , but not much about the sex .
' think golden waffles with ripe , sweet strawberries on top and a luscious swirl of whipped cream .
she hated the bank , except for the strawberry candies they gave out , and she knew the rest of it was n't true .
her eyes were a stunning clear green and surrounded by thick dark lashes , freckles sprinkled the tops of her creamy cheeks and the pertness of her tiny nose , and her mouth- ah , her mouth ... full and pouting , and naturally the colour of ripe strawberries , it was far too easy for a man to imagine such a mouth being put to far better uses than talking or eating !
meat , cheese , and strawberries he did n't remember buying .
a piece of brie called his name and he shoved it and a strawberry .
the stench was what hit him hardest , a mixture of mold , boone 's strawberry wine and ben gay .
two lounges sat in the living room to the right of the foyer , with a room service tray that held complimentary champagne and a plate of strawberry fruit cups .
steffie began making toast , taking the butter and norah 's homemade strawberry jam out of the refrigerator .
steffie spread a thin layer of her sister 's strawberry jam across her english muffin .
a frenzy of activity ensued , but when the rain came , jenny and i were snug in the parlor , undoing the parcels we had brought from france , and admiring the size and precocity of wee maggie , a sprightly miss of some ten months , with round blue eyes and a head of strawberry fuzz , and her elder brother , young jamie , a sturdy almost - four - year - old .
part five strawberry fields forever 14 flee from wrath to come august 1767 they had hidden the woman in a tobacco shed on the edge of farquard campbell 's furthest fields .
lines of an ancient scottish song drifted through my mind- '' how many strawberries grow in the salt sea ; how many ships sail in the forest ?
i looked down and saw the strawberry crescent of a bite mark on my shoulder .
` ` wild strawberries ! ''
i gathered handfuls in my cloak , not caring for stains - what was a little strawberry juice among the stains of pine pitch , soot , leaf smudges and simple dirt ?
` ` strawberries ha ' always been the emblem of the clan - it 's what the name meant , to start with , when a monsieur freseliere came across from france wi ' king william that was - and took hold of land in the scottish mountains for his trouble . ''
we made a bed of plaid and cloaks , and lay down upon it nak*d , skin to skin among the yellow grasses and the scent of balsam and wild strawberries .
the wind stirred the leaves of the chestnut trees nearby , and the scents of late summer rose up rich around us ; pine and grass and strawberries , sunwarmed stone and cool water , and the sharp , musky smell of his body next to mine .
` ` where the strawberries grow . ''
i had had a quiet word with lord john , and he had taken willie to gather late strawberries on the ridge .
a week later , we bumped over the grass - choked ruts to the ridge where the wild strawberries grew , green and white and red together , constancy and courage , sweetness and bitterness mingled in the shadows of the trees .
` ` lizzie , why do n't you give private ogilvie some of the strawberry preserves for his toast ?
i glanced back at the fire , where lizzie was shoveling the last of the strawberry preserves into private ogilvie , who appeared to be dividing his attention among lizzie , jamie , and his slice of toast - the greater proportion going to the toast .
two children , picking wild strawberries by themselves in late afternoon .
toast with strawberry jam .
he cracked the ring from the hardened wax , leaving a smooth indentation surrounded by the tiny strawberry leaves of the fraser crest .
i rode to visit maggie early monday last ; she has a new babe , so you are once more an uncle ; a bonnie wee lassie called angelica , which is a foolish name , i think , but she is very fair and born with a strawberry mark on her chest , which is a charm for good .
jemmy kneaded his crotch briefly , then looked at roger , small strawberry brows knitted into a puzzled frown .
she ordered a wide variety of vegetable seeds for their garden and was excited to discover erik 's mother had long ago planted blackberries and strawberries .
i asked rome , then grudgingly stuffed a strawberry in my mouth .
i remained silent while i sucked the juice out of a plump strawberry .
with his free hand , he plucked the strawberry from my fingers and tossed it onto the table .
` ` no more strawberries for you , '' he said hoarsely , staring at my undoubtedly red , moist lips .
forgetting my plan already , i very deliberately lifted another strawberry , placed it between my lips and bit .
his eyes locked on the half - eaten strawberry .
he picked up the strawberry he 'd taken from me , and popped it into his mouth .
` ` i ' m not saying i disagree with you , '' lexis said , slathering her own biscuit with strawberry jelly , ` ` but you have to consider the fact that we 're divided , too .
frowning , leif closed the door and walked over to the table beside the bed and set down a silver tray filled with recognizable items such as cheese and crackers , strawberries , dinner rolls , pulled pork and chocolate chip cookies .
the strawberry in his fingers plopped onto his plate then he sighed wearily before raising his eyes to peer through his long blond eyelashes at me .
there was a silver bowl of strawberries sitting nearby , plump red globes that looked almost too perfect to eat .
the strawberry was momentarily forgotten as the kiss deepened , the only point of contact between them their kiss .
logan popped the rest of the berry into his mouth and melody pulled him to her , arms around his neck , echoing the path his tongue had traced , over his lips , tasting the sweetness of the strawberry , before he opened his lips to her .
he took a strawberry , dipping it in his champagne glass .
leaning forward , she caught his lips in a kiss , a kiss that tasted of champagne and strawberries and passion .
and sweet as the strawberries she 'd put out on the table this morning .
` ` i guess the mood passed , '' she remarked with a wry smile , picking a strawberry off the cheesecake that had arrived while she was away .
macy finished off her strawberry while her mind turned that over .
` ` i could name a few things i 'd like to do with you and strawberries .
he told her how good she tasted , sweet and tender , like fresh strawberries steeped in honey .
she was eating a strawberry .
he licked his lips , tasting strawberries and kate and the tart sweetness of both .
gage fed kate strawberries , finding the fruit dip and coating her n**ples , licking the sweet sticky liquid from her br**sts .
she forked up one last bite of the strawberry shortcake tansy had served for dessert , forcing herself to eat that one even though she wanted it no more than she had the ones preceding it .
she ordered her favorite drink , a strawberry daiquiri , which she liked because it packed quite a punch the way the bartender made them for her but still looked like one of those cute drinks it was okay for a nice girl to drink .
tilly stepped back and smoothed a hand over hair that had once been the same vibrant red as her daughter 's , but was now a faded strawberry , sprinkled liberally with white strands .
she gave me a censuring yet amused look as she licked the last of her strawberry yogurt off her spoon .
casually he dipped his finger in a small jar of strawberry jam and painted a line down the valley between her breasts to her belly button .
` ` we have n't even started with the outrageous things , '' he murmured and bent his head , his tongue following the trail of strawberries .
then he was following the strawberries across her stomach , swirling around her belly button , dipping his head lower to catch the taste in her tight curls .
you reek of strawberry right now .
i cut a glance behind him , and a girl with strawberry blond hair douses me with a look of venom .
her mouth is ripe with the taste of strawberries as she delivers her sweet , juicy kisses .
mary lou returned with plates of various kinds of cheese and more of the petits fours , plus a mountain of chocolate - dipped strawberries , which were a real luxury in december .
elle picked up a strawberry and took a bite .
champagne went great with chocolate - covered strawberries .
she ate another strawberry as she thought about that .
once again he reached into the cooler , then fished out a plate of strawberries neatly wrapped in cellophane .
once the strawberries were unwrapped , he straightened everything on the table and pushed the cooler off to the side .
she set them on the table beside the champagne and strawberries , then lit them .
her hair smelled sweet , like ripe strawberries .
sophie and bruce arrived at six , bringing flowers and chocolate - dipped strawberries for dessert .
he imagined milky skin and gorgeous strawberry blonde hair fanned out on the pillow , her aqua blue eyes begging him to take her .
heavy waves of strawberry blonde strands fell over her shoulders and tumbled in abandon .
he drank deep , drowning in her taste as the scent of strawberries and flowers swam in his head .
i ca n't wait to see if you taste like strawberries . ''
chapter three rick smoothed back the strands of strawberry blonde hair from her face and watched her sleep .
he lowered his mouth and ran his tongue down the line of her ass , nibbling on the high curves as her arousal and the scent of strawberries mixed in the air .
the heady scent of sex and musk and strawberries hung heavily in the air .
` ` i could n't agree more , '' alexandra said as she bit into a strawberry tart .
he took another strawberry and held it to her mouth .
` ` i have strawberry with cream cheese frosting , or vanilla with chocolate frosting , '' faith said .
lyric bit into the strawberry cupcake first and sighed .
he was tall and more slender than she would have expected in a bodyguard , and his hair was a strawberry blond .
her hair smells like strawberries and i lean in to kiss the back of her neck .
she saw them gathered in diana 's driveway , their heads gleaming in the first rays of sunset : suzan 's strawberry blond turned to red , deborah 's dark curls touched with ruby , laurel 's long , light - brown hair and melanie 's short auburn and the henderson brothers ' disheveled yellow all highlighted by the ruddy glow in the sky .
` ` and we 're off to a great start despite a few glitches with the sound system and the missing strawberries .
right now , with her hand in his , and the delicious scent of strawberry shampoo from her hair , and the warmth in her face , he wanted nothing to change .
would she taste like strawberries and be as sweet ?
tawny locks teased his cheek and he caught the scent of fresh strawberries .
a dark spot , like a strawberry birthmark .
and this spot was n't strawberry - colored ... ... it was green .
the other was a strawberry blond with a tiny waist and the most well - developed chest cassie had ever seen on a teenager .
` ` well , there 's jeffrey ... '' the strawberry blond said .
there was a moment of tension , and then the strawberry blond shrugged .
deborah , the biker , and suzan , the pneumatic strawberry blond , were in the group .
the strawberry blond seemed unaware of cassie 's existence unless she wanted something passed to her or picked up , and the biker fixed cassie with a surly glare whenever they passed in the hall .
her heart - shaped face was pale but for the spots of color on her cheeks , her black eyebrows were drawn tightly over piercing eyes that sparkled with fury , and her lips , the color of ripe strawberries , were compressed into a tight , thin line .
one at a time , he set out an array of plastic containers filled with strawberries and kiwi and pear slices .
suddenly the strawberries looked a helluva lot more enticing .
he pulled out a silver butter knife and smoothed some of the white chocolate raspberry peanut butter onto a fat strawberry .
then he speared the strawberry with a toothpick and passed it over .
she bit at the rest of the strawberry , but it bobbled on the toothpick .
an arm 's reach away , he snuck bites from a serving tray with fat strawberries , soft white cheese and crostinis .
before she could close it , hank popped a plump strawberry between her lips .
as she bit down , the explosion of flavor on her already heightened senses made her a strawberry fan for life .
` ` he adored music , and he could not eat strawberries .
tre shook his head , biting into a strawberry .
she twists her strawberry blonde hair into a ponytail and fans her face .
nikki 's head is turned so you see more of her left cheek than you do her right , which is outlined by her strawberry blond curly hair .
her strawberry blond hair hung freely from under her green hat , so many curls .
she sighed before carrying her bowl to the table where she sat down opposite him and watched as he sprinkled the flakes into her bowl , topping the dry cereal with strawberry halves and banana slices that he must have cut before she came downstairs .
when i was little -- fifth and sixth grade -- i picked strawberries and raspberries at the magruder farm .
lauren ordered a strawberry milkshake , a bacon burger , and fries .
rich asked for a cheeseburger , a strawberry milkshake and an order of fries .
` ` we talk , '' jason said , reaching for the rolls and adding three to his plate , along with a thick slab of butter and a spoonful of strawberry preserves .
she 'd found a recipe for a chicken casserole on the internet and served it with homemade dinner rolls and fresh asparagus , with a fresh fruit salad made of seedless grapes and strawberries .
genevieve must have seen it to , because she leaned down and swiped her tongue over his tip , pausing to let those beautiful strawberry lips suck at him for just a second .
i picked up the silver cover that had been protecting my plate to find fresh strawberries and cream , salmon , and a slice of toast .
my stomach still was n't feeling that great so i decided to stay away from the salmon but i took a strawberry and dipped it into the cream before taking a bite .
sitting on the edge of the bed , i finished all the strawberries and toast before getting up and going to get a shower .
like strawberries and cream .
i reached my limit when aiden leaned over my friend and hand fed her a strawberry , kissing her lips as she chewed .
isabel chose strawberries and cream .
` ` i got spaghetti , and pancakes , and strawberries , and that oatmeal shit with the chocolate packets , and she likes fruity pebbles cereal , right , mare ? ''
it was very sweet and tasted of pineapple and strawberry .
and dessert - some complicated chocolate torte thing with strawberries .
before he took a sip , he disappeared again , then returned with two heaping cups of chocolate mousse and a tray of chocolate - covered strawberries .
he shook off her request , then reached for a chocolate - covered strawberry .
he grabbed a strawberry and placed it against her lips .
she watched him pull it on , then shook her head , sending the strawberry blond waves spilling over her shoulders .
lily could n't see his face behind the woman 's waves of strawberry blond hair , but she knew it was him .
her sister 's strawberry blonde hair was tied back with a scrunchy , her pink cotton shirt sported a stain where some of her lunch missed the mark .
she gazed at the piece of cake , which had those clever curls of shaved chocolate on the top layer of frosting and one perfect red strawberry nestled in the curls .
a strawberry in february .
` ` i do n't know if you noticed the wet bar , but there 's champagne chilling in a bucket and a plate of strawberries and finger sandwiches .
luna bit into a strawberry .
` ` oh , my god , this strawberry is so sweet it should be illegal . ''
maybe it would n't be so terrible if he made a quick call while luna sipped champagne and ate gourmet finger sandwiches and strawberries that had been hand - picked by cherubs singing the ` ` hallelujah chorus . ''
we have strawberry . ''
the sweet smell of simmering strawberries fills the apartment .
` ` i 'll have a strawberry daiquiri , please . ''
how about you wrap yourself in saran wrap and i 'll get a pound of chocolate - covered strawberries and we 'll see what we can do with that after the kids are in bed ?
he attaches a picture of strawberries the size of my fist , dipped in chocolate .
with strawberries .
and now he 's offering chocolate - dipped strawberries and a voice that sounds like hot fudge ?
chocolate - covered strawberries do n't exactly go together with sudbury , which is a bedroom community outside of boston best known for producing chris evans .
he 's bringing dark- and milk - chocolate - covered strawberries , '' i say .
` ` let 's go drink wine in the woods and gorge on chocolate - covered strawberries , '' he says , pulling away .
here i am , walking up a rugged path with a guy who is so many levels higher in business success than steve , and all we 're doing is walking among the trees to go sit and drink wine and eat strawberries under a meteor shower .
he asks , bending down to sit on the blanket , digging in one of the backpacks to pull out a bottle of chardonnay and a small white container of what i assume are the strawberries .
he reaches for my now nearly empty tumbler and picks up a giant strawberry covered in dark chocolate .
` ` you 're a chocolate - covered strawberry .
he uses both hands to pick up his drink , which is a strawberry margarita the size of a bucket .
i see a plate full of chocolate - covered strawberries , cheese , and a bottle of white wine .
declan pulls out the chair and i sit , scooching in , my hand reaching for one of the strawberries without thinking .
i finish my strawberry and smile at him , reaching for the wine .
i pick up a fresh strawberry from a fruit plate and eat it , grateful for something to fill my mouth after asking .
the elevator doors open and there 's declan , holding two epipens and a dozen long - stemmed chocolate covered strawberries ( a mix of dark and milk , of course ) in his arms .
she shook her head , helping herself to a chocolate - covered strawberry , nibbling while she scrutinized him .
` ` and sometimes ... '' a slow smile curved her lips and her eyes sparkled as she flipped the strawberry stem on a paper plate .
a strawberry and chocolate kiss , as warm as the tropical sun and light as the bay breeze that lifted her hair and ruffled her skirt .
hatch anchored the stake on a struggling strawberry plant he 'd grafted from home .
one ring later , he carefully placed the mangled leaves on the soil at the base of the struggling strawberry plant .
hatch adjusted the sunlamp on the thriving sprout of his potted strawberry plant .
` ` kolby likes strawberry flavored best , '' she said simply .
seeming to know her way around , kate brought a tray with a bone china teapot alongside a plate of tiny sandwiches and fat strawberries .
eloisa smiled as shannon held out a tray of fruit - she selected a chocolate strawberry with obvious anticipation .
and big fat strawberries .
hillary set aside her fork , a strawberry still speared on the end .
except he 'd thrown out that damn chair when she left , then found he had to pitch most of the rest of his furniture as well , including the dining - room table , which also held too many sensual memories of her making her way panther - style toward him with a strawberry in her mouth .
then he plucked a strawberry and placed the plump fruit between his teeth .
he leaned closer and pressed the strawberry to her mouth .
she bit into the strawberry and he thrust inside her .
he moved as her jaw worked , chewing the strawberry .
the scent of strawberries still clung to the sheets even though they 'd showered together , making love in the large stone spa before coming back to bed .
she carefully set her utensil onto the platter by the last strawberry , her body humming with the memory of the moment they 'd shared the fruit , the moment he 'd thrust inside her .
she savored the taste of flan and strawberries and him .
lucy ann speared a chocolate strawberry and willed herself not to blush at the heated memories the fruit evoked .
and instead of some colorless , shapeless dress , she was wearing what lily had always referred to as ` ` leggings '' -and what schuyler had always referred to as ` ` those incredibly erotic things women wear in place of pants '' -and a longish shirt - whose top two buttons were n't fastened , he noted with due interest - in a color reminiscent of a ripe strawberry .
then she added some strawberries and a couple of slices of cantaloupe .
he watched her nibble a strawberry and wondered how he could find such an innocent action so arousing .
nevertheless , an image flashed into her mind of lounging on a king - size bed with colin granville , sharing champagne and strawberries high above the flashing lights of las vegas .
` ` you have a moment to enjoy a glass of champagne and strawberries , do n't you ? ''
i ca n't imagine what else you have in store , '' she said as they settled down in the back seat and he pulled out a bottle of chilled champagne and a small bowl of strawberries .