hour after hour , i wished my feelings for him far away , and they kept crawling back like ants to sweets .
this woman really loved sweets .
if we do n't go over there soon i ' m going to get cranky , and i ' m not nearly as cute when i ' m cranky , '' clare announced , lightening the mood with her addiction to sweets .
clare was addicted to sweets , and chocolate was her ultimate weakness .
she keeps bringing over sweets .
he 'd grown up in michigan and while in elementary school he 'd run a candy business , buying bags of candy for a dollar and selling the sweets to his classmates for a quarter a piece .
there were even pictures of her on the internet showing her reading to the children and delivering sweets or pastries to the hospitals .
i refocused on the sweets .
ca n't abide a man who does n't like sweets . ''
he turned his attention towards the display of sweets , mentally sorting out the ones that he wanted to buy .
give him a roomful of sweets and an unlimited supply of water .
if her cooking was anything like her sweets , he 'd never leave holland springs without her .
he glimpsed a plate of sweets and his mouth began to water .
though as he bit into one , he could n't help but compare it to daisy 's sweets .
makes me think of so many wicked things you could be doing with it , besides eating sweets . ''
i groaned in frustration and his persistent attitude , knowing full well i have weaknesses for sweets .
he seemed to have a weakness for sweets as well .
' i could n't fit in sweets , jordan , ' she said .
' bought two slices with a mango topping and a jar of cream to have for sweets . '
bella was driving and she asked me to get a bag of sweets out of her handbag which she 'd thrown onto the back seat .
no sooner had the two men left the room than a maid came in , carrying the sweets course - small balls of different flavoured sorbets , easy for marco to eat , jenny thought , except he was n't here anymore .
let 's have a bottle of champagne with our sweets to celebrate . '
' i did n't hear any sweets in that list of food , ' he ran on musingly .
having rambled through several choices for sweets , fletcher asked , ' what do you think they 'd like ?
' i 'll go and look up sweets recipes on the internet , find something special .
they loaded up the lexus with their overnight bags , the fancy breads she 'd bought , and the selection of sweets fletcher had decided was better than just one choice .
' remember that time when you were six years old , and i left you outside the newsagent to go in and get some sweets , and when i came out a pervert in a car was trying to persuade you to accept a lift ? '
i leave you for one minute to buy some sweets , and you are almost snatched by a pedophile . '
it feels like i ' ve just gone into the sweetshop for some sweets and i ' ve come out and a pervert has driven off with you .
' go on , give us a pound to buy some sweets , ' she cajoles .
blake goes on into sorab 's room , and i stand talking to her as she eats the sweets and looks at me with shrewd eyes .
old behrouz , the sweet seller , brings sweets in a cloth bag .
it is on the tip of my tongue to tell her that we have not introduced him to sweets or sugar , but i resist the urge .
' i 'll have the nanny come around to your suite at about eleven a.m. , but please do n't give him any more sweets . '
how come i ' m not allowed to give him sweets and she is ? '
and then i want desserts - pastries and tarts and every kind of sweets . ''
cook gave her sweets ; the butler taught her to play chess ; aaron , the head coachman , taught her to play whist , and years later he taught her to use a pistol should the occasion ever occur when she needed to protect herself .
we walked around the grounds hand in hand , playing a few games and eating sweets .
` ` do n't worry , sweets , '' she said , patting michaela 's arm .
sorry , sweets , but everyone knew .
she wiggled out of lexi 's arms and began pulling her toward the elaborate table full of sweets .
after they had gorged themselves on the main course , a tray of sweets arrived at the table .
` ` you 'll thank me later , my sweets . ''
i know she 'll be trying to get ethan up out of bed and getting her sweets . ''
` ` i ' m not talking about you sneaking sweets to zara , and you know it . ''
hannah looked around the courtyard area of the sweets shop and smiled pleasantly at a few of the other patrons who were now staring rudely at us .
` ` sweets , and ... you . ''
you know how i love sweets .
do you understand sweets ? ''
i ask , prodding the packaged sweets with the end of my pencil .
mom , dad and i all had a weak spot for sweets and we 'd celebrate with the pastries .
so we 're heading out , okay , sweets ? ''
and as much as i love hanging out with you guys ... '' ` ` trust me , sweets , i understand .
` ` just your lipstick , sweets , so pucker up . ''
i did n't know- '' ` ` i figured you did n't , sweets .
` ` no problem , sweets .
` ` come on , sweets , spread your legs for me .
` ` i got ta remind you of a fact , sweets .
` ` see , this is the way i deal with threats , sweets , call it a pre - emptive strike . ''
` ` was it everything you imagined , sweets ? ''
` ` gemma , sweets , please . ''
but i ' m dyin ' to put my mouth on you because , sweets , i love to watch you come .
` ` i know , sweets .
` ` you do n't like sweets ? ''
` ` i love sweets .
` ` looks like you could use some fresh air , sweets . ''
` ` sweets , you 're a great boss , but you have the attitude bad things do n't happen in wyoming .
vinyl covered stools surrounded the curved counter , booths lined the walls , and an old - fashioned glass pie case packed with sweets rotated by the cash register .
` ` keely , sweets , can i see you for a second ? ''
with rainbow sprinkles and we bringed you some , 'cause grammy said it 's a shame you do n't got a woman to bake sweets for you . ''
` ` normally i do n't share my sweets , especially when they 're from my niece . ''
` ` actually , i ' m not a big sweets eater . ''
` ` sweets , i got ta ask this .
i made such an effort , and risked much to see him and bring him tidbits of bread and sweets .
bears loved sweets , but wolves usually stuck to meat .
she 's burdened and has been craving sweets . ''
` ` i never thought you were a stray dog , sweets .
` ` present company and food gods who bring me sweets are always excluded . ''
he pulled a box of sweets out of the cabinet beside her .
the tight , red , sequined bodysuit clung to her figure , making her regret the large amount of sweets she 'd eaten that afternoon in an effort to cheer her mood .
it teases you with power as one would tempt a child with sweets , tricking the child to follow them into danger .
` ` let 's go , sweets .
i was going to gain weight with all the sweets he brought me .
i had gone most of my life without sweets , and i really liked them .
but he brought me sweets and spent a good deal of time trying to make me laugh .
if i did n't know better , i would think you were trying to bribe my secretary with all the sweets you bring her . ''
we had been on two dates , and he had brought me some sweets to the office .
he sometimes brings me sweets from the bakery , but not every day .
because i need someone to eat all these sweets i bake . ''
` ` i like sweets .
and of course , the most supremely delectable pastries , '' she added , noticing my eyes bulge as i observed the array of sweets in the display case behind the counter .
i never turn down sweets , though i probably should .
` ` right , sweets , you never know .
there was a shriek of laughter nearby and then she saw before her a long banquet table covered with sweets , fruit and pastries .
there was a pouch of sweets for the kids in the smallest ladle .
women ate sweets when they were nursing broken hearts , and paris was definitely acting like a woman .
` ` be sure to watch your mouth while you 're searching for my sweets , '' william called after her .
` ` sweets always make these men purr . ''
` ` oh ... '' if he was going to indulge in sweets tonight , he wanted to find those between rachel 's thighs .
and having your period called for copious amounts of sweets .
jordan explained that his mom owned her own chocolate shop and imported sweets from all over the world .
` ` i believe we 're invisible in the presence of sweets . ''
` ` because she wo n't be allowed any sweets . ''
i stand mute against the onslaught and stare at a rack of sweets .
i twine sam 's fingers in mine and kiss them , and follow her into a little shop called succulent sweets .
` ` thank you , '' he replies simply , accepts his change and hands the girls their sweets .
` ` did the owner of succulent sweets in downtown do it ? ''
succulent sweets has made a profit from the first month , which i know is rare .
` ` my margaret and i sure do love your sweets , girlie . ''
` ` opening sweets took everything i had .
no cupcakes or other sweets .
` ` i own succulent sweets in the city . ''
i own succulent sweets , the bakery just a few blocks over . ''
meg asks , referring to nic dalton , the owner of succulent sweets , and will 's brother , matt 's , girlfriend .
an orgy of chemically saturated savories and diabetic coma - inducing sweets , never .
i wan na work at gettin ' the sweet , enjoyin ' my time with the spicy along the way , 'cause the sweet 's a f**kuva lot sweeter when you got ta earn it . ''
` ` sweets , you know i only understood half of those words but i did n't understand the meaning of any of them . ''
` ` let me stroke you , swear to the gods , sweets , you loosen up just a hint , i 'll make you come so hard you 'll think you ' ve exploded . ''
` ` let go , sweets , '' he coaxed into my ear .
he closed his eyes slowly and with them closed he whispered , ` ` cora , sweets - '' ` ` get off me . ''
` ` sweets , what ? ''
` ` you did well , sweets . ''
` ` why do you burn so hot now , sweets , when we must go ? ''
` ` anything , sweets , '' he mumbled and i felt his chin come to rest where my neck met my shoulder .
` ` sweets , all i had to do was draw your nipple in my mouth and you were begging for it .
` ` turn your head and give me your mouth , sweets , '' he commanded softly .
` ` sweets , '' he said softly , ` ` are you attached to this animal ? ''
` ` sweets , go . ''
` ` sweets ...
chapter twelve bellebryn ` ` sweets , wake up . ''
` ` and , sweets , i think you should decide how much you like those charming garments you 're wearing for , if you do n't move toward my bed in three seconds while discarding them , i 'll be ripping them off you . ''
` ` furthering your education , sweets , that is how a princess lets her husband f**k her , '' he murmured in my ear , my warm , languid , happy body stilled under the heated weight of his and then i burst out laughing .
` ` sweets , '' he called and i focused on him .
` ` sweets , what on earth ? ''
` ` sweets , '' he whispered .
` ` sweets ? ''
` ` sweets - '' he started , my eyes closed and that tear in my heart did n't split , it did n't gently rip deeper .
` ` sweets , '' he whispered , i opened my eyes and i looked into his f**king unbelievably beautiful eyes and that was when my vision started to fade .
` ` these were in your wardrobe which , sweets , is incredibly small . ''
` ` calm down , sweets , how difficult is this lock changing ? ''
` ` no , sweets , i mean the other me , '' he explained .
` ` sweets - '' i looked up at him , tears swimming in my eyes and whispered again , ` ` what 'd she do ? ''
tor called my attention to him by asking , ` ` sweets , would you prefer that i was quivering , scared of my shadow and incapable of providing for you ? ''
` ` i ' m not angry , sweets , '' he whispered .
` ` sweets , '' tor murmured from behind me and i felt his hand warm on the small of my back before i twisted my neck to look up at him , ` ` you may wish to calm down and rejoice far more quietly . ''
perhaps , sweets , he or she has found a way to break through .
` ` i do n't think it , sweets , i feel it . ''
and the other cora , as i think you know , sweets , is very good at making the wrong choices . ''
` ` i know , sweets , '' he told me .
` ` war is war , sweets , and most things that need to be done during war for any soldier are not enjoyable , '' he explained then his eyes held mine and i saw his were somber when he went on .
` ` sweets , eyes , '' tor whispered so i opened them .
` ` i fear , sweets , we face war and in war , until victory is achieved , you never make the mistake of thinking you are ... '' he hesitated then finished , ` ` good . ''
in fact , sweets , i would assume our victory over her and her carefully laid plans , the amount of power she had to use and still not win , is sticking in her throat .
they both have a weakness for sweets . ''
i want you to make some of your cookies , '' sally replied , clearly determined never to give up on the idea that , one day , someone would relent and she 'd get sweets for breakfast rather than just breakfast .
so she pressed her hands closer to her belly , looked down and said , with more hope than certainty , ` ` okay , sweets , it all seems very crazy right now , there 's a lot happening but i promise it wo n't be like this forever .
` ` well , sweets , '' she whispered to her belly , ` ` i promised life would eventually go back to normal and boring but your daddy knew better , did n't he ? ''
` ` sadie , sweets , get a move on , i need a cocktail . ''
` ` sweets ?
` ` ' night , sweets , '' ralphie said , kissing my cheek .
` ` hey there , sweets .
` ` holy hot blooded latinos , sweets , what on earth was that all about ? ''
` ` give me your phone , sweets .
` ` shall i bribe you with sweets , my lady ? ''
` ` sweets , you say ? ''
` ` your grace , if trapping a woman through sweets is another one of your ways of seduction , you are without a doubt the worst seducer to grace the country . ''
nothing could urge them forward - not sweets or sticks .
if he 's important to you , i 'll make an effort , sweets . ''
on a promise to bring summer back to the set soon , gabe had distracted her with a table of sweets for the crew .
i want to kiss the sugar off your lips while you 're eating sweets for breakfast .
` ` no , sweets .
` ` i ' m trying not to eat sweets , rory .
` ` you ' ve already eaten plenty of sweets . ''
she probably had all the sweets she could eat .
so she drove through the center of town , past a room with a view , a b and b that had taken over one of the prettiest victorians ; a damsel 's delights , which reminded her that she still had to thank noelle for the necklace she was wearing ; 49er sweets , with its barrels of saltwater taffy ; a photography studio called reflections by callie , owned by one of noah 's closest friends ; harvey 's hardware ; whiskey creek five and dime and several other stores , most of which had n't changed since she 'd left .
if he was eating her lasagna , he was getting plenty of carbohydrates without sneaking sweets .
besides the b and b , they passed an antiques store called eureka treasures , black gold coffee , whiskey creek five and dime , 49er sweets and a smattering of mom - and - pop - style restaurants , including a diner called just like mom 's that could ' ve come right out of the 1960s .
the waitress came by , carrying a tempting array of sweets .
a paper cone of sweets or a whittled bird or a posey , maybe .
i do not know how things will go with the abbess when i find her in guerande , but i feel like a starving child who must eat all the sweets now , before they are taken away for good .
` ` if you 're trying to turn me on , i have to tell you , sweets , it 's not working . ''
because it seemed polite , i did n't eat any sweets and only sipped at my tea , cooling on the arm of my chair .
we stop talking , and when we 're tired of it , one of us offers sweets as an apology and then we skate past it . ''
you can always hang with me , sweets .
our family loved sweets .
i ' m going to have to start feeding miranda sweets .
` ` i ' m sorry , sweets .
` ` payment for golf lessons in sweets .
` ` you 're welcome , my sweets .
it was a place where carpenters , masons , and city employees came for lunch , and highland bakery was the place where they stopped on the way home when a craving for sweets struck them .
she was pleased that andrew did n't simply snatch the sweets , but waited for bertie to hand them out .
` ` too many sweets from the minibar , '' mom joked as they drove to the dentist 's office that afternoon , hadley 's hand clapped over her jaw .
it was hard to think clearly when he was looking at her like that , as if she was the last cookie in the jar and he was starving for sweets .
` ` okay , i like sweets .
he was excavating in my tupperware box in which i stored any cookies that happened to cross my threshold - not a frequent occurrence , since i have a tendency to put on weight when sweets are in the house .
` ` why would you leave out stale sweets ? ''
today , i wish i 'd told you to get your own damn box of sweets if you wanted them that much .
but you wanted the box of sweets from the bakery and the sweets between that girl 's thighs - and you got them both .
but you wanted the box of sweets from the bakery and the sweets between that girl 's thighs - and you got them both .
` ` what 's on your mind , sweets ? ''
i ' m sorry , sweets , but i ca n't . ''
` ` i ' ve got to think of your brother and sister now , sweets .
but he 'd wanted that damn box of sweets too , so gray went alone to the bakery they visited every time they came to that village , even though sweets of that kind did n't have much appeal for him .
but he 'd wanted that damn box of sweets too , so gray went alone to the bakery they visited every time they came to that village , even though sweets of that kind did n't have much appeal for him .
the gray lady was an old woman , but he was a bed - trained slave who had a few sweets he could offer that might entice her , might distract her , might help tip the scales to his advantage while he tried to figure out how much control this damned invisible ring had over him .
he knew to never get in the way of grace and her sweets .
` ` you up here , sweets ? ''
a dozen people stood in front of it , pointing to sweets behind the glass or waiting to make their orders .
i told my mother it did n't matter if i ate all those sweets and never brushed . ''
being with her was rather like ingesting too many sweets in a short period of time .
he brought all three of them toys and sweets , and he 'd play with them , toss them up in the air , and tickle their bellies to make them laugh . ''
yet he had trashed the sweets , no doubt about it .
you 're turning down sweets and you look all hot and sweaty . ''
there were sweets and beauty products and weaponry in it .
chloe shot ahead to a food stall packed with candies and cakey sweets before he could stop her .
` ` because i prefer sweets , '' he said .
she poured the drinks and unwrapped the basket of rolls , croissants and danish , recalling the last time she and doug had discussed the merits of sweets .
apollo made sure to turn his back , staring at a box of marzipan sweets carelessly left open on a pile of papers .
beside him montgomery went very still before whispering , in a tone of delight , like a little boy offered a huge bag of sweets , ` ` oh , how utterly wonderful ! ''
not , '' alderney hastened to add at maximus 's growing scowl , ` ` that i was n't friendly or anything , but he was the sort who actually read things in latin , and i was more interested in sweets and smuggling tobacco into the house . ''
sweets and rich meats and hothouse fruits .
` ` father did n't approve of sweets so we only had them on special occasions - christmas and the like . ''
the boy held a tray of sweets .
he 'd be able to wheedle any number of sweets out of female servants looking like a wounded hero .
in an effort to act against the scourge of gin drinking among the poor of london , they 'd attached a gin clause to parliament 's sweets act last june .
at his elbow was a small boy holding a silver tray of sweets .
charming mickey gestured to the boy holding the tray of sweets .
it is n't eating too many sweets or desiring another woman 's bonnet .
` ` it 's not good for you , so many sweets , '' lottie murmured , but she gave a bit of the biscuit to him anyway .
perhaps bring you sweets and flowers ? ''
three months to carefully court , flirting at balls and salons , taking her for rides in his carriage , buying her sweets and flowers and little fripperies .
he smiled that maddeningly cryptic smile of his and held out a plate of pink sugared sweets .
she was examining the tray of sweets that the maid had left them .
` ` i do n't suppose you shall have any currant buns or sticky sweets or pies at all whilst i ' m gone .
tante will give me lots of sweets . ''
very gently she placed the bowl in front of him and added two sweets on a small ceramic dish .
` ` the tea is bitter and the sweets will balance the taste . ''
` ` do n't worry , you 'll be finding out , sweets , soon enough . ''
` ` hello , sweets . ''
it 's just you and me , sweets .
he 'd been a sucker for sweets as long as he could remember .
the lady had a taste for sweets .
with books stacked on the shelves , a bowl of glass sweets on the little table and a throw hanging over the sofa , it had a homey feel to it .
i would guess he knows but you 're going to have to tell him , sweets , just in case . ''
take it easy and stay at the house as long as you want , sweets .
` ` see you then , sweets ! ''
just be patient , and wait for her , sweets .
` ` always , sweets .
` ` oh , jessie , sweets ... do n't cry , '' ellie said as she took jessie into her arms .
` ` brad and amanda are on their way , sweets , '' ari said .
` ` jessie , did they just start , sweets ? ''
` ` nice ... very nice , sweets , '' i said with a chuckle .
` ` sorry , sweets .
` ` he hates sweets .
` ` shit , i wish i felt that way about sweets , '' ellie said .
the upper echelons of the indian civil service were known as the ` ` heaven - born , '' and when james saw the legion of white - turbaned servants bearing trays of colored sweets and cocktails among the fantastical banyan trees and the overlush vine flowers , he began to see why .
we both pause to listen , and sure enough , eventually i make out the faint shouts of people hawking their goods : stockings and sweets , dental powders and bags of honey - roasted nuts .
most had covered themselves , out of deference , and many had proffered boiled sweets , cigarettes , or even photographs of their sweethearts for admiration .
the children , who had been snacking on biscuits and sweets for most of the last leg of the journey , were exhausted and cranky , and headed straight upstairs to examine the sleeping arrangements .
i do n't understand why i had just got used to sleeping and now i lie awake listening for non - existent sounds downstairs , and how now when i want to go to the shop to buy a paper or some sweets i feel sick again and have to fight the urge to look over my shoulder .
` ` buy her a lollipop , and perhaps a quarter of a pound of boiled sweets . ''
she scooped up her daughter , the suitcase she had just packed , the sweets in the brown - paper bag , ignoring the housekeeper 's perplexity .
she was picking her way through a handful of sweets , her haul from the troupe of secretaries .
esme was still eating her sweets , observing the busy streets through the other window .
` ` i 'll sweeten the tour by taking you in to river street sweets for a famous praline . ''
i could n't help protesting when rhys had them ring up my sweets with his .
with a roll of his eyes , antonio replied , ` ` miss cristina took the kids up the street to the market for some sweets . ''
` ` anytime , sweets .
late at night , like a boy looking for some late - night sweet , i would carefully scan the shelves , looking for some new book that i had not yet read .
the knives are mine ; they are my sweets .
instead i ended up writing a column on the choking dangers of boiled sweets for children .
the rest were either clothes , sweets , or curiosity toys he normally would nt have given a second thought .
help yourselves , maria held out a plate with sweets .
speaking of the opposite type of person , the inconsiderate mr . laddie of snowcone haven has forsaken me and decided to remain on earth , serving up slushy sweets to sweaty children .
there s potty training , buying them clothes , ferrying them around to visit their friends , education , stopping them watching too much television and eating too many sweets , the list goes on and on .
this was written in japanese in front the charred husk of what was probably an old - fashioned japanese sweets store given the barely legible sign .
the book store in kanda had still stood , only the signs of a crater there , not the ash or glassy indentation i had seen in atlas or the sweets store .
paul was a glutton for sweets .
further investigation uncovered a packet of boiled sweets and a half - eaten tube of biscuits .
my sweets ... she caressed the blades on her left wrist with her index finger .
well , you re not going to be visiting this one anytime soon , sweets .
no offense , sweets .
i felt like a little kid again , getting a lecture from daniel on stealing sweets or from mother about why i should n't put my fingers in the power ports .
which way to the sweets shop ?
the sweets shop was a rose bud nestled in a corner of the market that was less crowded .
we left the shop with a pouch of sweets that audrey gave me to inspect .
there were smells of fresh breads and sweets baking in brick ovens wafting about the palace .
she made sweets for my father .
acknowledgements thanks to magherita without whom this book would nt have happened thanks to tom flood for editing and feedback thanks to kate hogan for editing and feedback thanks to anne smith for the faith thanks to phillip k. dick for inspiration thanks to peter carey for inspiration foreword sonnet 12 when i do count the clock that tells the time , and see the brave day sunk in hideous night ; when i behold the violet past prime and sable curls all silverd oer with white ; when lofty trees i see barren of leaves which erst from heat did canopy the herd , and summers green all girded up in sheaves , born on the bier with white and bristly beard ; then of thy beauty do i question make , that thou among the wastes of time must go , since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake , and die as fast as they see others grow ; and nothing gainst times scythe can make defence save breed , to brave him when he takes thee hence .
its a bit awkward sweets ; i m stuck here !
confectionary hall housed all the culinary arts involving sweets and baking .
on the other hand , he supposed that the unmeasured cumulative effects of hemorrhoids and sweets on human history had probably already been enormous for many thousands of years .
and for the children , i think it can do no harm to have some frisciri sweets included among the rest hinev interrupted with laughter .
hola chica , your fearless leader loves the sweets ; i think he might be okay if you had one too .
my sweets , i m bummed and appreciate the entire time we ve spent working together today , and the invite for dinner tonight , but deep surf pays my tab .
thanks , sweets !
he hands a dish full of sweets .
despite their variations , each town seemed to hold at least one sweets shop , and topher made a point of trying the peanut butter fudge in every town .
they ate trout chowder at a sidewalk cafe under a blue parasol , and topher found a sweets shop where he bought candied clam chews and starfish taffy .
do n't steal my sublime sweets , the trophy of my travails !
mindy freaks had velma dinkley , sweets , james franco , seth rogen , and jason segel .
` ` do n't eat sweets before dinner , you 'll ruin your appetite , '' sister roberta commented , half - jokingly .
inside the cupboard , i found what could only have been described as annalises stash of sweets .
nestled amongst the clothes were jars of french sauces , packets of instant coffee , noodles , and bags of sweets .
fortunately i 'd been baking and she liked sweets .
all we survived on was a packet of sweets zara was hiding from her father in her back pack , some rain water from the run off pipe and a packet of jerky i had in my pocket .
resolved , i popped one of the sweets in my mouth and began walking back the way i 'd come .
i should ve tasted echos sweets when i had the chance .
i bet you d like some sweets , would nt you ?
z - minus : 4 hours 50 minutes maisie took ten minutes to choose her sweets .
there was a prize of a big bag of sweets to the best picture .
i shared the sweets with all the other students , and they liked us travellers a bit more after that .
find a way to make yourself agreeable with the kitchen staff so that they give you extra sweets .
blamed by children for stolen sweets and clothes .
and his face ... he got even redder than papa after he finds out i ' ve eaten all of his sweets .
did you know he had a weakness for sweets ? ''
vara spotted a tray full of delicate sweets on the expansive desk , beside the most powerful informer / processor she had ever beheld , perhaps able to distill information from ten thousand systems .
she lifted a handful of the sweets and chewed on them .
as they were waiting , she allowed drus to eat enough sweets that she was sure the girl 's father would issue a death warrant for her .
` ` also dietetic sweets without calories , to keep your lovely slimness .
overhead , the sky looms heavy and gray , indifferent , but the wind smells of damp earth and growing things , an echo of my childhood clear as a phantom with twin plaits and a handful of sweets .
and i suck down the stuff more than i 'd like to admit , so it 's not like i ' m living off cheap homebrew and sweets .
doc manages to coax their sobs into sniffles , and they cluster around his stocky form like he has pockets full of sweets .
she stepped down , looking at the porter , who shrugged , smiling like a child who had been caught sneaking sweets .
tell me , what do you think would happen to a person who ate only sweets ? ''
what sweets would tempt a god ?
ready for you , sweets . ''
and looking into her eyes , i saw what i had always seen and always would even to her last hour of agony and pain : the eyes of a simpleton , a dim - witted girl laughing behind her fingers with the stolen sweet in the other hand .
trays of sweets were passed .
why do n't you see what there is for sweets , son ?
` ` one would think that as god king , you would at least be able to eat sweets whenever you want . ''
he certainly still seemed to like the sweets .
he did n't eat as many sweets , though . ''
in fact , with his plump quiet wife and plump cheerful children he worked around the clock , never mind the calendar , diligently filling the area 's needs in the matter of soft drinks , white bread , tobacco , sweets , newspapers , magazines , and the type of top .. shelf p**n ography that made newt 's eyes water just to think about .
this house smelled like those sweets had tasted .
first the sweets .
turned away , like a child demanding sweets .
palona lay facedown , getting a massage - completely bare - backed - while sebarial reclined and ate sweets .
she decided to reward herself by stuffing her face with sweets and thinking further on her plan to sneak into brightlord amaram 's house .
i had just bought the gallery - a narrow place off of albumuth boulevard { i remember when it was a sweets shop that also sold mood - altering mushrooms - a much more honest trade } -with the help of a merchant loan against our mother 's property along the river moth .
you have to be very careful when you 're feeding sweets to a dryad .
' i told you that you were going to get fat if you kept eating all those sweets . '
` ` sweets , '' polgara said , sounding disgusted .
` ` they 're not good for her , but he always brings sweets with him when he conies into this wood . ''
moreover , in an excess of affection , ce'nedra babied him outrageously , slipping apples and bits of sweets to him whenever possible .
` ` did you bring us any sweets ? ''
` ` those sweets are n't good for them , you know , '' she chided .
a dryad will do almost anything for sweets . ''
zubrette , like all little girls , was fond of sweets , and garion had access to the entire kitchen .
garion would steal sweets from the kitchen for his sunnyhaired playmate , and in return she would let him kiss her .
i accepted dylan 's offer with alacrity , for honeyed mandarins are one of my favorite sweets .
we strolled back across the fly - bridge , enjoying the sweets , doing what dylan charmingly called ` ` people - watching . ''
a sweet offer ... yet sweets can be poisoned .
he sent sweets to hodor and old nan as well , for no reason but he loved them .
` ` well , '' the man said , ` ` i never seen the little sweets , mind you , but he was wanting passage for three . ''
the boy is fond of sweets , is he not ? ''
` ` sweets .
they would share this space with yezzan 's other treasures : a boy with twisted , hairy ` ` goat legs , '' a two - headed girl out of mantarys , a bearded woman , and a willowy creature called sweets who dressed in moonstones and myrish lace .
` ` you are trying to decide if i ' m a man or woman , '' sweets said , when she was brought before the dwarfs .
` ` lovely , '' he said to sweets , who had purple hair and violet eyes , ` ` but we were hoping to be the pretty ones for once . ''
` ` you will want to be careful with nurse , '' said sweets when the overseer had departed .
but sweets was fluent in four tongues , one of them high valyrian .
` ` his eyes are yellow , and he stinks , '' said sweets .
` ` brown ben plumm , '' sweets named him .
` ` the pale mare , '' the man told sweets .
` ` not river water , '' said sweets .
yezzan zo qaggaz liked to keep his darlings close , so it had fallen to yollo and penny and sweets and his other treasures to attend him when he grew sick .
` ` the silver queen - ` ` ` ` - is dead , '' insisted sweets .
` ` sweets said the master must have water , '' he said in his best whine .
` ` sweets can go f**k himself .
` ` sweets will see that they are taken care of , '' tyrion lied .
just like sweets .
she had eaten nothing all day but chocolate and pastry ; her head ached from too many sweets and her stomach growled for soup , meat , salad .
at the edge of the island , sprites walked on water , carrying trays of wine and baskets of sweets .
i nosily trot to the food table needing sweets , and ordering a big piece of chocolate cheesecake .
big and little kids circles like attacking native indians around the ice cream truck , purchasing an assortment of teeth - decaying sweets then one - at - a - time the kid runs around to the side yards , shouting and hollering their vocal earthly joy .
you do nt like candy , chocolate , or sweets , only beer , dallas .
most of the food consists of sugary sweets or chocolate , as most of the proper food has been raided from the nearby shops , and the nearest supermarket is a five minute walk from the bank , requiring you to walk through the car park beside the bank .
at the top of the room is a large table with foods stacked on it tinned foods , crisps , chocolate , sweets , fizzy drinks , bottled water and other junk food nobody wants .
the shelves that used to line the front of the main counter with packets of sweets , crisps and bars of chocolate have mostly disappeared , only a few of the lesser recognisable chocolate brands remain .
the only reason i ask you not to eat any more sweets is because you might get a stomachache .
eric had never seen a fair so abundant with chocolate and sweets .
children were spinning around the maypoles ; adults were trading their crafts and chocolate sweets with the foreigners who had come to hollow from all over the world .
his grandmother tried her best to distract him with sweets and toys , though the boy was aware of the misfortune which had befallen on his family , and nothing could sweep the sorrow off his young , innocent eyes .
i sit down in my designated chair after gorging myself on sweets .
claris ambled alongside her , collecting together and carrying the gifts of sweets and money being offered by their cowering subjects .
mrs . cotild , the nursegenerously built , generous with sweets when they were good , but with her tongue when they were notopened the door .
curiously kioshi rummaged inside a bag , picking out the ingredients that his father had requested but before heading to the counter he discovered a few other items including sweets , chocolate , a book entitled a daily temptation and some premium beer in luxurious , brown bottles .
and she remembered she remembered the bullying , and the hitting , and the cruel words ; she remembered her first friend , the kind art teacher , the things she had learned ; she remembered the doctors , not knowing what to do with her flawed dna ; she remembered the sweets , the soup , and the warm bath she got whenever she was sick ; she remembered her face ; she remembered her home ; she remembered the pain ; she remembered the love ; she remembered her mother and father ; she remembered the grayd she had shot face to face , the grayd that lay dead in the field because of her alien abilities , the dead special ops team sent with the sunglasses to ruin her sides chances at winning ; and she remembered patton as she headed for the med center , she noticed that they had already unloaded the wounded , though the dead still lay on the wagon .
if he got his hands on her in this state or if he got possession of that jewel ah , do not be scared , sweets , the man purred .
scoot towards the fire , sweets .
she had bought her sweets and cookies , even though she did nt usually want amber to eat sugar .
brother , how like you to sneak off and sample the sweets by yourself , drawled a male voice from above .
she liked sweets of any kind , but especially the chocolates lea made .
it had all sorts of delicious looking sweets .
you buy all these sweets and then give them away .
we filled their new house with balloons and streamers , mcdonalds , cakes and sweets .
they were given little planes to play with , sweets to suck , and smiles throughout the flight .
the secretary that took some information from me was a dear old lady who offered me sweets as she starting telling mam all the latest news from the village itself .
a favoured prey of the spiders was the ever reproducing blind rats , being that the creatures had no eyes and as a consequence were as clumsy as an intoxicated topey on the top of a beetroot cider barrel , their plump black bodies supplied the spiders with a regular , and very satisfying meal , in comparison the bugs were simply sweets for after .
chapter seven the dragon trainer breathless from running , their tummies aching from all the sweets they had eaten , the boys stumbled across the drawbridge and through the castle door .
so sam had cut out crisps , sweets , cakes and meat .
the sweets now had their resident nightlight back .
the kitchen sheers billowed , dancing in a summers breeze ; gentle sweets carrying the sugared scent of fresh rhubarb and strawberry filled crusts through an orange doorjamb that glowed a defiantly strange loneliness .
children who live in the transitions buildings will probably never be sick from a day of spinning and eating sugary sweets at the amusement park in sector three .
eat all the sweets !
and just stay up all night , doing every race , eating loads of sweets .
and any sweets you have , charlotte said because ross mum always kept a lot of sweets in her cupboards .
and any sweets you have , charlotte said because ross mum always kept a lot of sweets in her cupboards .
ross had managed to get handfuls of sweets from his kitchen as well .
charlotte guessed at as charlie whimpered and nearly choked on her sweets .
is there any sweets here ?
they sat down by their discarded pokemon cards and sweets .
behind ross , hayden gathered up all the sweets and put them in his pocket .
hayden and charlie had moved away and were laughing behind their hands , gobbling all the sweets and pointing at michael webb .
hayden , give me those sweets !
hayden obediently put his hands in his pockets and pulled out all the sweets .
they re ross sweets anyway , she said as the strawberry laces unravelled in the air like twisting pink worms , then vanished over the fence .
you just took all the sweets and ran off .
everyone paused to watch as the group of merchants went by , carrying supplies : weapons , meats , cheeses , sweets , and other foods .
the head confectioner had even given them samples of his silk road sweets : rock - like sugar crystals and the spun sugar of dragon 's beard were ancient candies imported from the far east .
` ` sweets to the sweet . ''
and you re weasel with his love for sweets .
weasel kept sneaking sweets from a pocket in his clothes , the candy wet but no less edible .
maybe they could even afford some proper sweets .
they were the ' cars sweets , ' kept locked in the drop down wooden faced glove box .
they have out tea and coffee makers and sweets on what seemed like a bar.with sugars and creamers and flavoring .
find out more about this book and other works by l.a.frank at https : //www.thisislafrank.com connect with l.a.frank online at : https : //www.thisislafrank.com and https : //www.twitter.com / thisislafrank to my woo , who provided the initial spark , and sweets for the encouragement , m2f for listening to me , kelli , pam , and mom , > ^ .. ^ < , for the helpful advice and kitty inspiration .
what was the reason for the switch from garbage to sweets ?
would it be garbage next or sweets , or nothing ?
mac knew who it was , now , so if he got garbage , he could confront the culprit , but why turn down free sweets if the guy was giving them to mac ?
oh god , he groaned , rolling his head to one side and seeing the bag of sweets he had stationed on his bedside cabinet .
he still had time , but the sweets were agonisingly out of reach .
he looked back at the bag of sweets and tried to psyche his mind up to overcome his bodys limitations .
sleep with the sweets under my pillow ?
even though the sweets were barely a foot out of reach , he could nt muster the desire to reach out to grab them .
little by little , moving just the upper part of his left arm and letting the lower half follow it , he began stretching out towards the bag of sweets .
eventually he had positioned himself diagonally across his bed with the sweets within reach .
what kind of man ca nt pick up a bag of sweets ?
he stared at the bag of sweets , which did not stare back but betrayed an air of smugness as it sat there , tantalisingly close but resolutely sealed .
suddenly his teeth bit through one corner , creating a small nick that , with a little work , he was able to make big enough for the sweets to fit through .
over the next few minutes the number of sweets in the bag dwindled , until finally the last fruity treat passed into ryans greedy maw .
with all the effort it had taken to get the sweets inside him the memory of his dream had all but faded .
plus , i just ate a whole bag of sweets , so it could take a while .
ryan looked down and saw the regurgitated remains of one of the sweets stuck to his chest .
you did nt eat that whole bag of sweets , did you ?
they both shouted as the door opened to reveal a fat middle - aged woman with a warm smile and a bowlful of sweets in her hands .
thanks very much mlady , said zeus reaching into the bowl and taking a handful of sweets .
that went well , he said peering at the small pile of sweets in the bottom of the bucket .
kids nowadays do nt want bloody sweets on halloween , they want fags and drugs and whatever else they can lay their hands on .
plenty of sweets and stuff .
we had bought chicken , fish and our favourite cuisines , sweets and dry fruits .
you re rambling a little bit , sweets .
i paced the length of the table , and plucked a red lolly from the massive bowl of sweets .
so i used to sneak out of aunt tianas house after dinner to take the animals the leftover dessert , and any sweets that i could find .
when i was young i used to feed the doe my after dinner sweets !
and my passion for chocolate and cherry flavored sweets is completely irrational and undeniable , just ask my mother .
necalli backed into the room holding a tray of sweets .
i hear she tries to sneak sweets to the horses , too .
but you ca nt have all of the sweets .
i seem to recall a night not too long ago when some coppers appeared on the worktable and a few sweets disappeared from my basket .
no sweets or dairy products .
when we get home , myrrha , you will drink the juice from the tengo tree and munch all sorts of sweets .
has she been eating the sweets i gave her ?
staring up at her from the shelving were the sweets they always placed at the tills to entice the children and annoy the parents , some chocolate right now would have been good but she did not have enough money .
yara never approved of the children having too many sweets , but dane handed each child a cookie anyway .
he had found the mints in a small sweets shop on the edge of the city .
he lets me sneak sweets and candies to eat , no matter what time .
dr . mutua came up with this very stupid rule that whenever your phone rings in class , you should bring a packet of clairs sweets in class during the next session .
now i am torn in between missing the next session so as not to bring the packet of sweets , of which would lead me into missing out on his impromptu cat , or showing up empty handed and having to explain why i shunned his punishment .
i have no idea where i will get the money to buy the sweets .
for all i know , maybe your country does nt even have sweets .
bobby once read that kids lack the component in their brain that tells them they have had their fill of sweets .
deyna was happily chewing the sweets he d packed for her .
the tray of sweets sits in front of me , nothing left but crumbs .
video games , action and horror movies , or sweets and cakes ?
she liked her sweets a little too much and expected god to take care of her health , as he saw fit .
mudloggers would give me soda pop , the company man always had some kind of candy or cookie stash he was willing to share , and my dad was too busy to enforce rules about eating sweets .
when that plane cruised over and its hatch opened , it did nt release only sweets onto the harvest festival air .
though a miracle unseen and un - understood by almost all the people of sugar town who , in their efforts to protect themselves from the hail of sweets , had turned their faces to the ground .
tell me you re alright , sweets !
and like one that adorns the smell of gasoline , or a child that clings to the scent of sweets , alex absorbed the salty smell with glee .
i notice my pack is fresh out of goodies and i just have to have my sweets .
eian quickly discovered that oftentimes shop owners would also bestow small gifts of sweets or a toy .
smart enough to realise this he ran a one man protection racket among the younger age groups that brought him all the sweets and pocket money he needed , but he was careful not to push it beyond the bounds of reason that would have forced the authorities to take action , thereby allowing them to completely ignore it .
jason sees , feels , almost tastes the images which are followed by various other sweets .
how you used to come around with belle , and the first thing you 'd do would be to go to my cupboard , fling the doors open and find the sweets .
` ` you should n't give her so many sweets mum , '' belle would say , and i 'd tell her that was nonsense , a bit of sugar would n't do a growing girl any harm .
the killer was still on the loose and the media had called the killer the sweet tooth rapists , because he left sweets at the scene .
and hey , i 'll bring you some sweets from london , eh ?
everybody wants to believe in something , sweets , he d said .
no sweets .
she liked sweets , buns with cream and doughnuts with sugar on top .
my mother sends these sweets she made especially for you .
yet more clapping and the revealing of a table laden down with an array of foods and sweets , dissolved the directed appreciation into the background murmur of chatter .
i ' ve been craving that man 's sweets for six months . ''
the only sweets i wanted were sams hungry kisses , and if i could nt have those , i did nt much care about anything else .
i did n't know very well our neighbor , but of a thing i was more certain : few women knew how to make the sweets as her .
besides , apart his / her sweets , there is no anything of her that the like , the dids only it for you .
the same smile he d given at their first official meeting at a little restaurant called sweets & eats .
hi sweets .
as kirsten swaggered on into the living room and grunted a greeting at the children , i noticed , too late , that she was carrying a bag of doughnuts and two bags of chewy sweets .
after ten minutes or so , i heard the worrying sounds of little footsteps running around in the room above me and pictured , rightly as it turned out , chewed - up sweets and paper wrappers stuck all over the house .
their camp was a strangely silent place , and breaking it only required a cup of water and some boiled sweets to be shared around before packs were hoisted onto weary shoulders .
you just earned a free slab of bacon with your order , my sweets .
he stopped at sprngli and picked up a half kilo of sweets , then spent the rest of the 90 minutes until boarding time in the first class lounge .
taking the trouble to deliver a half - kilo of sweets was an investment .
the women gave us each some sweets and a paper cup full of a carbonated orange drink just after takeoff and then they left us to our own devices .
the reason polos were made into mints as opposed to any other sort of sweets liquorish or chocolate for example was yet another gesture , paying homage to cairn crathie itself : the worlds first mint .
he was not fully listening until the word sweets was said .
matt went back to his backpack and came up with a bag of sweets , which he then patiently shared out equally between the children , saving some for ome .
in the supermarket , they stacked a trolley with pizzas , microwave meals , crisps , sweets , grabbing bottles of coke and tubs of ice - cream .
teeth - bloke said , brandishing a small bag of sweets .
i even took one of teeth - bloke 's golf - ball - sized sweets , but put it into my pocket instead of my mouth .
every father must have a son , and when his father came , two times each year , from the city of johannesburg , he brought gifts for his children ; sweets and toys , and once a mattress to replace their sleeping mats .
its kind of like when you give up sweets , i never have , so i m not speaking from experience here , but after a little time you really find you do nt miss them all that much , or so i have heard .
pastor mcmillan had come with his wife , and left some sweets .
before him , and all around him were small tables laced and decorated with the most exquisite foods : foods from all four corners of the globe : meats , fishes , pies , sweets , pastries , buns , chocolate , nuts , and everything one could think of to tempt the taste from ones mouth .
it was just the two of us , me and john , standing there i remember it like it was yesterday , you know they gave me some of those little strawberry flavoured sweets , they was lovely , i saved a few .
the first is immaterial , in fact most people are asking the wrong question when it comes to sweets murder .
she s been caught sticking her hand in the cookie jar , but there are still other sweets in the kitchen that she may have an opportunity to grab undetected .
i run a feckin ' paper shop - sweets , crisps , chewing gum , fizzy drinks , lollypops - high quality stuff for overweight kids . ''
what about evidence about the presence of a foreign toxin in sweets system ?
the cheeky smile returned and kieron jumped down from the bed to choose which colour sweets he wanted for mickey .
some people were sucking baobab seeds and tamarind - like sweets .
also the news vendor , who was restricted to selling sweets and cigarettes when no papers were being brought into town .
he gathered a few sweets which he presented to me .
it had all the familiar paraphernalia of a family car ; cushions , toys on the back seat , empty and half - full packets of sweets , and colouring books .
he had clearly intended this as a peace offering , but instead it came across as patronising , like a father offering his daughter some sweets because she did nt get to press the button at the traffic lights .
i felt like a child being offered a bowl of sweets , not knowing how many i should take without appearing ill - mannered .
her mothers address book was in the top drawer of her desk , buried underneath a pile of foxes glacier mint wrappers the woman loved those sweets .
nothing extra - no sugar or sweets , no vegetables .
they brought presentos - cigarettes and sweets .
he said , ' i expect some of them were eating sweets or something when they fell asleep .
people were going from booth to booth , sampling the sweets , buying things they would have no use for the next day .
there were touts for all the different hotels - black men , yellow men , brown men and red men frantically offering to bear away luggage - and small boys running back and forth with newspapers and sweets and fruits for sale .
in the beginning she was only given sweets , ice cream , and so on while blindfolded .
she had given him directions on where to meet her : a sweets shop in the center of a market on the southern edge of the city .
the sweets shop was owned by a wizened berber who seemed to recognize bourne on sight .
even at low volume it seemed to pierce into every packed corner of the sweets shop .
she turned and led him back into the sweets shop .
by the time they were eleven , sean and jimmy had developed a hatred of sweets so total that they took their coffee black for the rest of their lives and never ate dessert .
there were no coffee urns or pots of tea on the sideboards , no slices of cake or trays of sweets , none of the amenities they 'd become accustomed to as their due at meetings such as these .
` ` ah , sweets , '' cale said with another nod of feigned understanding .
first it was sweets : ice cream and chocolate .
` ` i suppose if she wo n't drink coffee , melly probably does n't eat sweets either . ''
i ' m in the mood for sweets . ''
i knew caleb loved sweets and ruth was terrified of snakes - something i took great pleasure in when i found a garter snake on the road one night and snuck it into her tent .
in front of it , on a wooden board , lay a piece of parchment with ink and quill , an embroidery hoop with needle and thread , and a bag of raspberry fizzy sweets .
sophronia chose the sweets , cracked one open with the aid of her scissors , and dumped out the fizz .
sophronia presented her with the bag of sweets tied with the bit of ribbon .
carrow and mariketa often took them to sweets shops , getting them jacked up on sucrose before setting them loose on the coven .
` ` sure thing , sweets .
mumsy would n't allow her any sweets for the next week once she found out about the dumbwaiter .
on those shelves were sweets of all shapes and sizes : stacks of petits fours , bonbons , trifles , iced cakes , custards , and any and all other confections that one might desire .
` ` i 'll talk to you later , sweets , '' she said , eyes closed as she gave her a long hug .
there were no attendants , no one moving through the room on other business , not even one holiday candle or dish of sweets .
` ` here you go , sweets , '' the vamp said , bringing ivy a cup .
they feed me sweets ! ''
she 'd lured him to her cottage with sweets .
i 'd stolen a few sweets with friends when i was very young , and once swiped a load of golf balls with a cousin of mine , but i 'd never enjoyed it and had n't taken it any further .
he cast a glance quinn 's way , then murmured , ` ` remember , too , that some sweets , however delicious , can be bad for long - term peace of mind . ''
he was going for high calories and praying she liked sweets .
that 's what the mysterious sweets were .
i had n't known it any more than a child being turned away from a plate of sweets .
he was just so good to me , so kind , thoughtful , and considerate , and so focused on doing whatever he thought would make me happy , whether it was bringing me more roses , buying me a jumbo cookie at a sweets shop , or telling a bad joke to make me laugh after a rotten day at the restaurant .
even in the crummiest of moods , i always ate my sweets .
` ` i do n't eat many sweets , so i ' m really not much of a judge . ''
` ` no taste for sweets ? ''
she glanced at the sweets .
drake refused to eat anything she made , declaring that he preferred to take his meals in private , and that he had no taste for sweets .
among the images she 'd seen was a skeleton in a hooded robe , passing out sweets to children , and those children dying in the same way the ponies would have died .
a skeleton in a hooded robe , passing out sweets to children .
benji walked up to the counter and looked through the glass at all the baked goods and sweets .
` ` do n't care for the sweets , and told him too .
he was especially dear to the children of the village , and his great , deep pockets - the size of turnip sacks - bulged with trinkets and sweets .
the first and largest of niff 's sweets and goodies was located in casino city , and heathe and grant often took ry and tory with them to help when tourist traffic was especially heavy .
chasing lights outlined a niff 's sweets and goodies sign over the shop 's door .
i loved finn - he was tall and funny and clever , and he bought me sweets when he had spare change - but i 'd seen molly hundreds of times .
i was reminded of hard - boiled sweets : bright , glassy colors , glistening like stars .
which was kind of funny , given how much he liked lunch boxes , vinyl records , and sweets .
we give out the pastries to each group of small boys who come up and demand a treat , and they are appreciative , but the boys are getting bigger and bigger and their demands are not for sweetmeats but for other kinds of sweets , and i am glad when we reach the pig and get the ladder from bob and climb on the roof and pull it up after us .
honey sweets and sin berries , and roasted birds for their ravenous appetites , and always they remembered to take the wishbone from its place in the bird 's breast .
her parents used to keep all the cookies and sweets locked in a pantry .
staci was the kind of old - fashioned sweet that made you smile no matter what mood you were in .
` ` gosh , your dad loved sweets ! ''
because i crave sweets , and once i start eating i ca n't stop .
every kid with a bag of candy in his or her hand , with a mouth stuffed full of sweets .
all i do these days is eat sweets .
this year , there were no sweets or presents , no party .
but of course charlotte did n't like sweets .
the ogre took zin and the sucker - boy to a candy shop -- not an everlost one , but a living - world shop , where fleshies went about their business buying and selling sweets .
` ` you ca n't obsess over seth every moment of your life , sweets . ''
snowy evenings were spent in the domed hall , gathered around the tile ovens , drinking kvas and gorging ourselves on sweets .
in the week before the spring fast , every nobleman was expected to ride out among his people in a dom cart , a cart laden with sweets and cheeses and baked breads .
the shop displays overflowed with sweets and baubles and all manner of finery instead of rifles , knives , and tin cookpots .
there were no good days anymore , no sweets or outings , just long hours of tedium , waiting for the queen 's call , dreading the king 's soft tread outside my door .
` ` finish your shower sweets .
` ` what 's that sweets ? ''
hello , sweets !
` ` your rambling a little bit , sweets .
with a shrug and glowing eyes , celaena pulled out a handful of sweets .
when celaena returned to her rooms that afternoon , lugging hat boxes , colorful bags full of perfume and sweets , and brown paper parcels with the books she absolutely had to read immediately , she nearly dropped it all at the sight of dorian havilliard sitting in her foyer .
a few hours of entertainment and a small fortune spent for a boy who was currently sulking on his little glass throne , shoveling sweets down his throat as his mother smiled at him .
maybe some sweets for the children ? ''
i began bringing the things out of the bags - fresh loaves of bread , butter , cheeses , sausages , a roast beef , cakes , puddings , sweets , and several bottles of the finest wine .
` ` you 're right sweets , i ' m sorry .
` ` whatever you say sweets ! ''
` ` i 'll see you back at my house okay sweets ? ''
you know you can talk to me anytime about anything sweets .
you 'll see , in the morning you will feel so much better sweets . ''
` ` it 's okay sweets ... .. do n't worry .
` ` be back in a few minutes sweets . ''
oh no ... ... . '' what did you say sweets ? ''
call him ellie ... you have been miserable sweets . ''
` ` ari , clearly jeff has feelings for you sweets .
` ` here we go sweets ... ... '' she winked at me and took off .
` ` hey sweets .
thanks sweets .
` ` hey , sweets .
` ` ari , sweets , i ' m so sorry .
what are you doing today , sweets ? ''
` ` not this time , sweets .
okay , sweets .
i really think the issue is more than just your man - whoring ways sweets . ''
` ` wow , being in the slammer really has given you a mouth , sweets ! ''
` ` i ' m sure it 's not that bad sweets .
` ` it 's okay , sweets , '' ellie said .
but , sweets , ya have to tell jeff .
` ` it 's okay , sweets .
` ` do you need anything , sweets ?
listen , sweets , i just wanted to check up on you and see how you 're feeling .
` ` ari , are you really okay , sweets ? ''
` ` not really , sweets .
you feeling okay , sweets ? ''
` ` heather , look at me , sweets .
` ` congratulations sweets ! ''
` ` sweets , we are taking off .
i did n't mind ; my belly seemed to take it better than slabs of meat or sweets and such .
there were a whole table of falsely colored sweets .
` ` what are you doing today , sweets ? ''
the pungent aromas coming from the display cases of sweets were almost too much for trevor , but he liked how smoothly he could move on all fours .
` ` tallah gave me a couple of sweets she cooked up , '' trevor explained .
licorice , jawbreakers , caramels , gingersnaps , cookies , marshmallow treats , peppermint sticks , gumdrops , malt balls , jelly beans , lollypops , chocolate bars , and numberless other sweets burdened the shelves , some sheathed in shiny wrappers , some visible in clear jars .
` ` i saw you giving sweets to your new girlfriend , '' nate teased as he and pigeon walked out of the room .
` ` mrs . white said the mixers can be used with other candy , but that most of her sweets do n't combine well . ''
mrs . white can engineer sweets that grant great power to the young , but those same miraculous confections would have little effect were she to use them herself . ''
all of the tables inside were occupied , with many patrons standing around nibbling at various sweets , but an older couple was just standing up from a square table not far from the door .
attracted by the sweets , the kids are captured by a witch , who continues feeding them treats .
when she offered one to him , he claimed he did n't eat sweets .
` ` handing me that case with the binoculars and saying , ' it 's just as well , sweets .
` ` i ' m not really a sweets person . ''
a few minutes later , i was clutching a small paper bag of sweets and sam had whipped cream on the end of his nose .
` ` okay ... '' ` ` you like sweets , right ? ''
why not get some sweets and make a day of it ? ''
most mornings , after his early morning run , he would go up for an air test with his fitter , or one of his other sleeping companions , fly down to the local village , park in a handy field and collect the newspapers , cigarettes and nutty ( that was what the navy quaintly called sweets ) , and return in time for a well - earned mid - morning brew .
the man , apparently the leader , grinned like he was a vendor trying to sell her sweets .
they claimed to protest at the vicious attack on their waistline but they did it with their mouths full of the most heavenly sweets they had ever tasted .
effy did nt care , and accepted to wear a cap that hedwa handed him , as a gesture for her father , who would see an american guy , who was well educated and not ignorant of judaism or whatever effy told hedwa he was distributing food and sweets all over the negev and center of the country .
he has received the sole right of distributing around the country -all chocolates and sweets of ce de factory of ramat gan .
no , no sweets .
miriam immediately dashed forward and grabbed at the sweets , but mana held up her arm .
your cook has such a way with sweets and spices ah , little crab cakes and are these lobster patties with ginger sauce ?
do nt worry , sweets , ill be a good boy , he replied with a grim smile in his voice .
you re quite right , sweets .
its part of the business sweets , he said , i would have done exactly the same thing .
at least do nt start explaining everything too quickly like a child who s eaten too many sweets .
miri almoussa , seller of silks and sweets , known to a select few as miri of the hundred ears .
death rites at the lodge were simple , with none of the trilling and sweets that she remembered from her mothers funeral .
i went into the corner shop and bought bars of chocolate , sweets and juice for everyone in my school unit .
the smell of the sea mixed with the sweet aroma of freshly baked cakes and sweets , the smells shoved their way shoulder to shoulder into the room on a cheeky curtain - filtered gust .
children used to fill their pockets with sweets from spare change accidentally dropped into pots or thrown into the fountain at the heart of the market , but now they scamper through alleyways , stealing when they ' ve grown hungry enough .
after midnight , the movie was for a long time done , and lania was sleeping deep , full of sweets , sleeping without worries .
he had a bag full of biscuits and sweets which he immediately handed over to the housekeeper .
he had furnished his table with the finest sweets and cakes and wonderful smelling coffee in honour of his beautiful young female guests .
with the promise of sweets , she gathered together six children and explained what they had to do .
i heard that you re supposed to eat some sweets on the way up and down , i did nt buy any , broudie cut in .
you got any sweets for the take - off ?
he closed his eyes , and the one , starburst sweet , jumped up and ejected two other identical sweets either side of it .
jordan , i got some sweets for ya , hollie whispered .
claire dropped three brown caramel sweets into his hand .
hollie , jordan and jay went towards the sweets , broudie went towards the souvenirs , and obviously claire went to take a look at the perfume .
this time jordan did nt have to make any sweets because broudie had surprised them and bought a pack already , yes , i can be organised he d joked .
wake up jordan as well , and then get him to ask hollie for some sweets , jay instructed .
she found what she wanted and pulled out a couple of sweets .
she leant back and then threw the sweets over the passageway between the two sets of seats .
jay handed the yawners beside him the sweets and did nt talk at all on the journey down .
ok , when you , hol , threw those sweets at me , i did nt catch all of them and one dropped on the floor .
he wandered back to his chair and found an old tin of sweets and ate them .
katherine noted her mum rubbing her palms together like a kid anticipating sweets .
they waited for the teas to cool some degrees before leaving the smoky canteen with more drinks and throat sweets .
little mark behaved himself through the visit and even managed to smile a few times for the old woman , who cooed over him and fed him sweets .
is she the woman with the sweets ?
i ve been a little heavy on the sweets maybe , but that s not a baby bump .
we just love our sweets .
but since i m off the clock , ill tell you to just eat some sweets and drink some soy milk .
trust me , sweets , i do nt any of you anywhere near my dick .
it took some of us years to ween ourselves off of your mothers sweets and now that were finally eating healthily and have our kids on a good diet , you all show up with your goddamn sugar walls !
there were some sweets , jellies , clairs and few biscuits in the glove box in the front too .
since then he had only eaten a few rubbish sweets he found stuffed down the seat in the fire engine .
and some sweets - weapons , spike interrupted .
no more sweets for today i guess , jake muttered .
` ` i do n't know what you like but all youngsters enjoy sweets , '' he smiled .
the sweets and mini desserts are a family tradition where indian families would sit and enjoy them after their meals .
cmon , mattyou know sweets are bad for your teeth .
in their excitement they were not interested in food or even sweets , and vainly did their womenfolk call them to eat because they preferred to play with this new thing chaiko had presented to them .
the getters were met with songs , circle dances , and sweets .
i lost my family many years ago this is my tenth year here , i guess that was what bhai told me i remember , a beggar gave me sweets who was beaten by dada i will come back here after a month i will sit under the first shop from the gateway god , bring my family here .
she gave them sweets , and sometimes they would spend the entire day at her place .
i remember , a beggar gave me sweets who was beaten by dada .
we used to sit on the bench in dadas shop , eating sweets , and count the vehicles that passed by .
and a one - rupee coin for them to buy sweets from the little sweet shop on their way home .
gabby had brought me a tin of sweets .
she was put on a special list called  nutrition cookies   and given sweets and starches to try and compensate .
they slid the succulent meats onto the plates of hungry renegades while others ran with large bowls full of all sorts of vegetables , fruits and assorted sweets .
well have two cups of tea , and some sweets would be nice , he ordered .
although the train was travelling , it stopped every fifteen minutes ; sometimes it was totally dark outside with no lights , but always there were immense crowds of people walking up and down constantly , selling things , trying to get children to want sweets or some bauble .
` ` pardon me , but i do n't quite remember givin ' ya the go ahead on eatin ' me hard - earned sweets . ''
they looked as poor as any peasants or beggars dasen had seen , but their smiles and twittering conversation seemed ignorant to their depravation with ipids permission , elton approached them with a bag of sweets .
it took elton reaching into the bag and showing them the sweets to turn the children around .
when every childs mouth bulged with sweets , elton smiled at them , patted a few heads and even let some of the braver children pull his impossibly think beard .
the children would have received , and likely eaten , the sweets that were the reward for their display .
i know you re not supposed to have sweets before breakfast .
for twelve months , i had solaced myself with alternating treats of sweets and savories .
the woman who could match all three of them , bite for bite , on sweets or savories , on any snack in the world ?
yes , i believe i shall start baking my sweets instead .
chairs were brought in , and herb tea and sweets were served by some rabbit - like creatures .
usually it had meant that alex would be lazing about as boney - part , eating sweets .
he had bandaged knees , sneaked sweets , and secretly taught her things about india that even her father did nt know .
it was basic human fucking rights to keep all sweets within arms reach of patrons .
but i mean , i know stuff sure you do , sweets .
king lukas did not appear to be a very observant man , as he chided a serving girl for bringing the wrong pillow , and berated the serving men for bringing him a ladys sweets and wine .
so , i never knew ... never knew what , sweets ?
you want to hear the good news , sweets ?
and the worst was that ivy 's mom had asked carrie 's mom not to give her sweets , so the only time she got anything at carrie 's was by sneaking it , which did n't happen often because carrie got grounded the one time her father caught ivy eating a brownie .
through the clamour of trade , carts around her were filled with fresh chocolate baked sweets , breads and fruits .
given that he is a drummer , he would surely let you the have this mine for a bag of sweets or some shiny trinkets that would keep his small mind occupied .
unbeknown to me , blacktie and two of his henchmen had been getting poor phil to steal sweets from his fathers shop for them .
the food was more than food , and the sweets more than a magic of fruit and flour .
irinas eyes widen in shock , you have nt seen your grandmothers sweets and bakery shop yet ?
so , my grandparents have a sweets shop and a bake house and of the same name that is adopted by my mother for our shop back in latvia .
i bought some sweets for amanda : she really likes gummy bears and jelly babies i nodded dazedly , paying for my stuff .
the truth was i wanted to celebrate on my own , taking a few sweets and my angel book with me .
good shot , sweets .
they ll do it for the goods so they can gorge themselves on sweets from the baker .
he d just gone to reach for the sweets when instantly , malaika tensed , paused all possible motion , and breathed in deep as corozon whispered something in his ear .
the storytellers wife never spoke to us about anything , she never brought sweets or performed any exceptional duties for us .
in the evenings stories were told while the people devoured sweets .
jarrod pulls sticky sweets from his pocket and throws it at me .
now let us look at how we can recoup this amount , i think it is at least going to cost them 500 rupees per plate in the wedding , so five plates is 2500 , then we can also eat that much in the shagun ceremony too , so 2500 plus 2500 .. 5000 , and they gave us those sweets when they came to invite us , 500 for that .. then what were those two others things .. vang .. something ?
one of these esteemed invitees was mohit , who only a second or two ago had come away from the sweets stall with what was his third plate of gulab jamuns tonight .
as one travels from west to east , one first comes across akal garh market on the left which is a big retail market of clothes , then there is the girja ghar square from where branch off the books market and the old vegetables market , then there is sarafa bazaar ( the market of jewelers ) , meena bazaar ( in ancient times the residing place of concubines but now a wholesale market of grains and many other victuals , and near to it is the naoghara mohalla , where was born the martyr shaheed sukhdev thapar ) , basati bazaar ( a famous retail market of women accessories and cosmetics ) , gur mandi ( translating to jaggery market but in reality more of a market of electronic goods , it is here that a tragic fire broke out in the early 90s , when a blast took place in the firecrackers which were being sold here near the time of diwali , causing many a shopkeepers to mistake its noise for a terrorist attack and thereby pull down the shutters of their shops for safety , where they thus got entrapped to their ultimate demise as the fire spread and took a violent face , eventually leading to the death of more than hundred sons of the city ) , then there is also the saban bazaar ( translating to soap market , but here are sold hardware goods ) , bizli market ( electrical goods ) , pindi street ( medicines ) , lalu mal street and dal bazaar ( wholesale hosiery markets ) , khushi ram halwai and shankar halwai ( famous old shops of sweets ) , sita ram shop ( renowned for its namkeen snacks ) , babe da hatt ( delightful lemon soda ) , nathu mal ghuddu ram ( lip smacking gachchak and bhugga ) , and adding to all this and more , are the hawkers and peddlers here , who spend their days selling their goods on this long stretch , adding to the great hustle and bustle of activity which takes place in this traffic congested premises on a daily basis , in many ways thus , this place is the life spine of the city , imbibing in itself the various colors of its spirit in their different variegated hues .
he clicked and mumbled cheerfully as he held out some colourful sweets in his full hand .
anyway , last i remember she was even crazier than she used to be , what with building a cottage of gingerbread and sweets in the middle of the forest .
some sweets .
no sweets , i think we ve got it from here g - mom offered .
that s in the cancel / cant family , my sweets she responded , her mind searching for a solution .
it was ali handing her a small fork while holding up a plate of bit size traditional sweets .
she threw the flower bouquet into the trash can , these past two weeks , he continuously flooded her with gifts of sweets and flowers that carry ` ` forgive me '' notes , they were sent everywhere , to her home , to the boutique , even to every job that she was contracted .
i ve got a lot of sweets .
he 'd eaten sweets like this when he was little .
` ` cheer up , sweets , we won . ''
still , maybe it 'd be worth taking some of it back for jill and eddie , so i bagged up the more portable sweets for them , organizing by color and size .
still did , really , but i 'd learned chance was n't good for me , like too many sweets .
laurence saw mrs . macarthur glance down the table , and a quick word to her butler followed ; an assemblage of cheeses and sweets came to the table accompanying the pudding , in a rather incoherent combination .
` ` do n't gorge yourself on meats and sweets and ignore your vegetables . ''
rincewind gazed at the back of the man 's head , then dropped to the bag of red and yellow sweets that was being proffered .
` ` sweets from the trolley ? ''
they all looked at pewsey , who was sitting in a suspicious puddle on the floor in the comer with a bag of sweets and a sticky ring around his mouth .
` ` so you wo n't be telling anyone you saw me wave the bag of sweets at him , will you ? ''
it had been a busy day there was a jar of boiled sweets by her bed , and a thick glass bottle of the clear fluid from her complicated still out behind the woodshed .
` ` esme wo n't thank me for this , but i ' m the one who has to wave the bag o ' sweets when she overreaches herself ... and i ' m thinking about someone who really hates the queen . ''
` ` no silly women with bags of sweets . ''
her hand flew to her pocket , where the usual bag of fluff - encrusted boiled sweets resided .
about bags of sweets ? ''
things did n't fall off the edge , there were a number of handy pockets to keep sweets and things in , and when he was bored he could shovel the paperwork off and set up trick shots .
no male had ever touched agnes before , except perhaps to push her over and steal her sweets .
' old granny whitlow just did sweets .
and a superb egg on soul cake morning , filled with sweets .
the duck man opened a bag of sweets .
the trouble is that it 's easy to abstain from sweets when you 're not standing knee deep in treacle and it 's raining sugar .
which was in fact the skeleton of a rat , although this was not preventing it from trying to steal madam frout 's jar of boiled sweets for good children .
' and people selling sweets for the kids , and ribbons .
then she found a stone and hammered a piece of wood into the ground as hard as she could , close to the edge of the water , and tied the bag of sweets to it .
wentworth trotted over to the sweets and tried to pick up the bag .
screamed wentworth , who never noticed anything else in the presence of sweets .
he ate them far too quickly , as he always did with sweets .
` ` he takes up my time and i ' m always having to look after him and he always wants sweets .
after a few feet he flops down and demands sweets !
he was not a child who was happy away from people with sweets .
` ` he only wants sweets ! ''
` ` and then when i would n't , she gave me more sweets . ''
wentworth was sitting on a large , flat stone , surrounded by sweets .
and they were in every color sweets can be , such as not - really - raspberry red , fake - lemon yellow , curiously - chemical orange , some - kind - of - acidy green , and who - knows - what blue .
since they were landing among the sweets , serious stickiness was already taking place .
yes , he was surrounded by sweets .
and there were so many sweets he 'd never be able to eat them all .
the only solution at home was to put a bucket over his head until he calmed down , and to take almost all the sweets away .
` ` no cottage made of sweets , no cackling , and no dancing ! ''
but mrs . aching was still so glad to see him back , and so happy that he was talking about things other than sweets , that she was n't paying too much attention to what he was talking about .
ye gods , thought moist , back in the here - and - now , no wonder groat sucked cough sweets all the time , the dust in this place could choke you !
and that story about the bowl of sweets ?
' he makes some interesting cough sweets , though .
then the ruler swung around , the throat sweets exploded in a little cloud of red dust , the pencil shot away and stuck in miss tick 's hat , and the ruler was covered in frost .
since he 'd been eating sweets at the time , wentworth 's only comment afterward had been , ` ` tiffy hit fish go bang . ''
creosote thrust out one pudgy hand and declaimed as follows : ' a summer palace underneath the bough , a flask of wine , a loaf of bread , some lamb couscous with courgettes , roast peacock tongues , kebabs , iced sherbet , selection of sweets from the trolley and choice of thou , singing beside me in the wilderness , and wilderness is- ' he paused , and picked up his pen thoughtfully .
your mum made cough sweets , di n't she , and fell in the mixture and died .
we 'd already explained to the detectives why the sweets were important .
it was very innocent , very victim - looking , yet i knew that most demi - fey would take fresh blood over sweets .
` ` i am not some foolish brownie to be calmed by sweets and tea , '' she said .
brownies had often taken their payment in sweets and tea , or good liquor in the olden days .
like all sweets , alec was delicious and satisfying , but too much of him caused a sugar crash that left her dazed and reeling .
i forgot all about the sweets and walked over to the front door .
countless cheeses , breads , vegetables , sweets , waterfalls of wine , and streams of spirits that flicker with flames .
in another , i buy a bag of sweets for prim .
he tosses it to haymitch , who stuffs a fistful of sweets in his mouth before passing the bag to a giggling prim .
` ` granny hilde used to give me sweets when i was a kid .
it made me crave sweets ... and her .
` ` breathe , sweets .
` ` come on , sweets .
` ` i got you sweets , '' he promised and cupped her breast in a large , warm hand .
windle rummaged in the dreadful recesses of his wheelchair , a graveyard for old cushions , dog - eared books and ancient , half - sucked sweets .
you get given sweets . ''
it was such a highclass establishment that it sold , not sweets , but confectionery - often in the form of individual gold - wrapped swirly things that made even larger holes in a bank balance than they did in a tooth .
they take their sweets and forget what they were angry about .
dorian reached over to a tray of assorted pastries and sweets that had been sitting by the bed when we awoke .
there was a small boy sitting by himself on a bench , eating sweets , below him .
` ` sweets , why do n't you give us a moment alone ? ''
the type you never spoke back to , but who would give you some baked sweets in reward for sweeping the floor when told .
his hands and face were sticky from the sweets but robert picked him up anyway , and hugged him until he wiggled and squirmed like an excited puppy , and then the new family turned together to receive their congratulations .
they smiled shyly in her direction , then set about assembling a grand pyramid of sweets on either side of the cake .
others bore gold and silver vessels containing cosmetics and toiletriescollyrium , kohl , musky perfumesand plates of sweets , betel leaves tied with strings of gold , and a confectionary of dried fruits and preserves .
ian gave her his most beseeching look , as if he were a boy wheedling for sweets .
i can remember him giving me sweets when i was small .
what child could resist sweets , hm ?
she nodded , and he stretched his hand to let him take the sweets packet , that she had given him .
jars of brightly coloured sweets beckoned , alongside the tempting smell of freshly baked bread and pastries .
in true pennsylvania dutch style , she had seven sweets and seven sours , greens and yellows , cakes and pies , meat , fish and fowl .
ginger bread , nuts , apple pies and other sweets were decorated the wooden tables .
everywhere they looked , wade saw mounds of sweets , tantalizing him , calling out his name .
he brought her gifts daily , a fruit or vegetable basket with some silver or gold coins in the bottom , flowers , or sweets from asia .
masako was kneeling behind it and laid a kashibon plate of higashi sweets before her .
katsuhiro and setsu reached in to their kimonos and produced small paper parcels called kaishi , inside which were bamboo utensils for the higashi sweets .
using the paper as a plate , they picked up the sweets and ate with gentle mindfulness these sweets had been made with the last remaining grams of powder mix in the house .
well , i would have , but you did n't give me any sweets for the journey !
always sneaking us sweets .
she was still trying to wrap her head around the idea of murray sneaking about the house to slip the girls sweets .
when carlotta said his butler led a secret life , he was anticipating well he was nt sure what but it was not that he was smuggling sweets to the girls .
my , oh my , sam , it has been a month of sundays since i done had me one of these here sweets .
when a mans mouth is full of sweets already , candy wo nt add to it .
my parents and i had already scrounged every cent we could for the photograph but they knew how much i loved sweets so with absolute sacrifice , they gave me for one bar of rich chocolatethat nectar of the gods that my ancestors had brought to the world .
so , off you go now the vogue , no rubbishy sweets , and no bubble gum have a good time .
they now had a regular weekly visit with him to the elder park and the luxury of some sweets bought on grampas sweetie ration coupons , although they missed the ice cream treats they used to get from nottrianos ice cream parlour on govan road , now closed and boarded up since the anti - italian riots of june last year when italy declared war on the side of germany .
` ` a confiseur is a confectioner , or a maker of sweets , particularly chocolates , '' described miss hartwell .
chapter twenty - four monday the 27th of june , 1825 the never to be forgotten lunch it was a charming sight to behold , the sleek , long trestle tables draped with fresh white linens and adorned by pretty platters of salads , sliced meats , breads and cheeses , sweets and fruit , all proudly prepared and assembled by the lovely ladies of liberty fair .
as mister dalton heads for his cabin , the captain says , patrick , i m giving you some of your money so you may purchase some sweets for the daltons .
i think i need to take along some more candy , i get a real hankering for sweets lately .
janie was also getting to like some sweets now and then .
tarquinius had always been wild ; he took sweets and toys from other children , later he took women from other men .
you may have known maris and jann longer than i , but i knew them since my earliest childhood , played in front of their fire , stole sweets from their kitchen cupboard .
when the ritual was done , halfdan handed out gifts of sweets and toys to the children .
i thought the doctor told you to lay off the sweets .
while he was in the store he saw that they had plenty of candy and snacks for the kids so he got a few bags and filled them completely with candy and other sweets .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
suit yourself , sweets .
time to brush our teeth , sweets !
` ` good morning my sweets , '' lecynic said , his sunken eyes transfixed on the blood stain growing on his bed .
there s sure to be a box of sweets in one of these ... ill call them whatever word you like , but whatever word you like will taste of hagfish .
he even got some of his followers to contribute theirs sweets as well .
it would tower even over tall weird abdul , the guy who sat a three desks away from me , collected beanie babies and exclusively ate those foamy sweets that look like fried eggs .
he stole sweets and hid them under his bed .
we lived in a family tourist town , its biggest crimes consisting of kids pick - pocketing sweets from the local supermarket and old ladies complaining about friday night litter on their porches ; the crime rate was so low that misdemeanors made the front page .
shiny steel pots and silver trays dished out hot helpings of food and sweets while busy waiters worked the room efficiently from one end to the next , making sure that everyone got their order .
i ve begged him to retire before he drops dead with a heart attack from the stress and the endless sweets the children left for him , but he s stubborn .
we lived in a family tourist town , its biggest crimes consisting of kids stealing sweets from the local supermarket and old ladies complaining about friday night litter on their porches ; the crime rate was so low that misdemeanors made the front page .
in fact , still to this day would rich take great pleasure in bragging to anyone who brought up old childhood stories ( a common occurrence shared in all pubs when old familiar drunken heads get back together and remember the innocent days when childhood dreaming seemed forever ) of how he 'd tricked his best mate on his seventh birthday to eat seven magical sweets .
rich would also brag about how they d never got him to tell what the magic sweets had actually been that he 'd used to trick poor young ned into eating .
timmy would mainly target children , pinching the odd ten or twenty pence when they came in to buy sweets , or better still , cigarettes and alcohol .
she called him a thieving little twat and a worthless bloody bastard , not believing for one moment his story of being ripped off by the stingy shop owner , instead claiming he d spent the money on sweets .
` ` goku , it 's quite late , we should have some food now , '' i said looking into my pockets , farhan and goku both searched there ones also , but there was now nothing in it , except some sort of smell coming from farhans pocket , '' i am not having anything '' , i said taking my hands out of my pocket , '' so now what to do '' , '' we will have something , wait for a minute , '' said goku ` ` now what are you going to do , please do n't do anything wrong , '' said i. i was sure that he will be doing something wrong , i was very well acknowledged , with his dangerous mind , '' come with me , '' he said looking at a nearby shop of sweets , it was the most famous one , we followed him to the shop .
we were not knowing what we should do , but we stood still in front of him , with the glasses in our hands , '' what this sweet cost sir , '' farhan said , he was pointing to some , sweets of indian style , there was an artificial , flower of jam in front of it and was making it look really good .
she gave sweets even to that crazy filthy moony near the church .
he does nt accept sweets , said the old doctor .
he d bought it as an alternate gift to the watch , sure it too would be rejected , but at least it was something he , lorz , had a taste for , unlike the nauseous self - sacrificing sweets and nuts piling up in his study .
would nt accept the sweets .
the first time he brought flowers and sweets .
she said with difficulty that he should eat the sweets himself .
they jumped up from the floor and ran behind her screaming with silliness and glee as children often do when sweets are involved .
thus i forged up the street , noting the small traffic of the milk - shop , and wondering at the incongruous medley of penny pipes , black tobacco , sweets , newspapers , and comic songs which here and there jostled one another in the short compass of a single window .
i do nt do sweets that often .
husbands forced into buying chocolate sweets and long stem roses ( which died after two weeks anyway , so what was the fucking purpose ? ) .
dad asked , stunned i would pass up sweets .
` ` did you know that cats can not taste sweets ? ''
arnie and dennis ate what was given them - but both were secret wonder bread freaks , and more than one occasion they had pooled their money and instead of buying sweets they had gotten a loaf of wonder and a jar of french 's mustard .
hand this one the shit and that one the sweets .
as a rule she loved them - when she got to be pete 's age her face would probably be one great big pimple if she did n't learn to lay off the sweets - but for the time being she still felt totally unhungry .
her horrid teeth plunged and reared , plunged and reared ; her fingernails , long and dirty , dug into the sweets ; crumbs tumbled down the bony slab of her chin .
gret mopes in her room or in the kitchen , stuffing herself with sweets and playing chess nonstop .
he watched the man in the rearview mirror as the children ran to him for sweets .
behind her , none of the children giggled or whispered or munched on secret sweets held in cupped hands .
they were all sweets up here , mr . ullman said , although danny did n't see any candy .
there was nothing remarkable in any of these rooms ( except for the absence of sweets , which mr . ullman kept calling them ) , nothing that danny was afraid of .
things like tony came from being bright , which they both assumed he was ( the same way they assumed they were bright ) , but a fire hose that turned into a snake , or seeing blood and brains on the wall of the presidential sweet when no one else could , those things would not be natural .
yes , even the blood in the presidential sweet had been harmless , something old , something that had happened long before he was born or even thought of , something that was done with .
` ` in the presidential sweet .
i think i 'll pass on the candy bars , if that 's all right with you - i ' m off the sweets , trying to lose weight , but we ' ve got to try the wine , this is a special occasion .
catch him when he 's doing five or ten smokes a day and you ' ve got a kid who probably does n't care much one way or another ... although a kid habituated even at that level may find himself eating too many sweets , and wishing for a smoke when he 's bored or nervous .
i had stuffed myself stupid with a pile of roast turkey , roast potatoes , vegetables , yorkshire puddings , sweets , chocolates , crisps , crackers , cheese and all the other festive yummies that one is allowed to selfishly indulge in over the christmas period .
while my friends were spending their pocket money on fish n chips at lunch time or buying sweets and drinks from the shop , i very gladly tucked into my packed lunch , happy in the knowledge that i was one more processed - ham sandwich closer to going to jamaica .
a years sacrifice of fish n chips , sweets and cold drinks from the shop on a saturday afternoon had begun to pay itself off .
the only thing they d eaten since leaving the port a few weeks ago were sweets and fish fingers .
` ` sweets are n't good for you .
sometimes sweets are the only thing you have . ''
salt , cinnamon , sugar , sweets , it was about all she had at times .
you should nt eat too many sweets , zeke says so .
` ` well that takes the sweets out that are the most deadly .
just not sweets .
she stayed away from sweets , did n't eat any meat , she went to bed on time , and part of that day she had even exercised with the overbearing hippie .
all anyone knew was that she was allergic , so sensitive to almost every kind of food , especially sweets .
what about sweets ?
absolutely not , i have nt ingested any number of sweets .
you 're only scared of dying by sweets .
now you do nt have to worry about anything , zeke said , you will be able to eat more food again than organic , but you still need to be careful , especially around sweets .
` ` i love sweets and- '' shari stopped in mid sentence to answer her phone .
a small amount of sweets will never hurt you anymore .
no sweets , at all .
i like lemon - flavoured boiled sweets .
seems some punks , likely stoner americans , broke into my house to satisfy their animal cravings for sweets , and well i ca nt never seen a mess like this .
reeses let them have sweets againtheyve gone hyper .
straight home from school ; no going out on the weekends ; no footy ; no cricket ; no lollies or sweets after dinneri swear , the punishment did not fit the crime .
she loved sweets , especially chocolate , which she ate by the pound .
i mean , its bad enough in the cinema when someone rustles a packet of sweets or something .
spiritwind could only offer a near empty bag of sweets as a solution .
'' go get yourself some sweets from terry 's , '' says william henry white , handing over a shiny new shilling .
he always , however , gave the kids plenty of sweets , satisfied in the knowledge they would be eaten and not collected by the thugs and money - grubbing goondas who , fagan - like , organized the kids into bands of professional thieves and beggars .
that night , on finn 's way home from work , he left a sack of rice and a bag of boiled sweets he had purchased at the market at the door of the pakistani mans house with a note that read : dear mister restaurant owner , i am truly sorry for my actions last night .
the sweets are for the boy .
the rice and boiled sweets should have sealed it .
nevertheless there was beer , wine , vodka , maybe a little cranberry juice , several packets of sweets , crisps and a messy kebab from esperantos round the corner .
apart from the rustle of the bag as con dug for sweets and the intermittent sound of his chewing as he opened his mouth to pop in yet another nugget of hardened coconut paste bonded with layers of sickly sweet liquorice gum , there was silence until zennor , when mary quietly said , thank you for making such an effort to make things better between us .
why do nt i just give you some money and you can buy them some sweets , i m sure they d prefer that to seeing some poor innocent chap thrashed .
he ruffled the boys hair , asked his age ( two fingers for an answer ) , and gave him a bag of sweets .
but pet had noticed it , how harvey kept the child at bay with sweets , how he could not bring himself to cuddle the boy , or pick him up and carry him in his arms .
promise , and he was off to the cupboard where the sweets were kept .
why do you think i walk like i m carrying a bag of sweets between my knees ?
there s no telling , she added , at the same time looking about her to observe others support or merely a general digging into their bags of sweets its a matter of taste .
do nt accept sweets from strangers they may be poisoned .
have you been eating cough sweets sir ?
the kids were quiet , albeit bribed with a combination of sweets and a cartoon .
he tries to reason with the lad who has the sweets .
there will be another wage coming into the household and the genuine prospect of food cupboards full to busting with cakes , biscuits , and sweets .
when everything is ready , we go back downstairs to the foyer to buy a few drinks and sweets , not that we are particularly hungry or thirsty .
avoid going to corner stores ; otherwise , you will end up with backwoods or swisher sweets .
attached are some certificates of appreciation , courtesy the sweets , the whites and the pinkertons .
the sweets had kept an accounting of their own as well , and pages upon pages of sworn affidavits announced themselves and damned him .
carmela , my sweets , you 're up . ''
i do nt know , i got sick of sweets before i really could figure out whether a doughnut in the store was better than the same one made at home .
when the discussion did not produce any significant change , i deprived him of sweets and tv .
i suspect she s been sneaking in a few sweets while you re away .
she located the nitro among a tumble of lipsticks and cough sweets .
i m not saying its required , but it would certainly be appropriate and definitely ironic to read the book half - drunk and with a belly full of sugary sweets , as this was the same state as the author when he wrote it .
tony slammed down the can of squirt with a bang and reached beneath the counter for matches and a red - and - white package of swisher sweets .
in a line before me , you see the most eligible young men and women from tobacco farm 643 , swisher sweets division .
643 , swisher sweets division .
hamburgers are the out - and - out mainstay at the fantastic , and cost a mere $ 1.99 for a third - pound of beef , with a toasted sesame - seed bun , all condiments , letters , a dill pickle or sliced sweets , onion , and a side of potato salad or a bag of chips .
the basses blew their noses and played whist behind the chair backs , the contraltos sucked on boiled fruit - flavoured sweets and the tenors studied the racing pages .
she had stolen some sweets from one of your friends .
the kids , well i told them do not spend it on sweets that rot your teeth .
exactly , you ve hit the nail on the head there and that s what one looks like in the flesh , i say and then add but do nt tell your mother , it ll be our little secret and well see about getting you some of those jelly sweets that you like so much .
here , have some of these for your troubles , he replies and drops a handful of those little bags of jelly sweets in with charlies other stuff .
this he did whilst tucking into one of the bags of jelly sweets as i lifted up the white material and raced up to the door before knocking and then , i ran away to where charlie was hiding .
about a minute later the tea and samosas made their way into the room , along with some square pink indian sweets .
sweets to the sweet , they say .
so entirely was it taken up with meat and vegetables and herbs and wine and bread and cheese and sweets and dishes and cups and saucers and mugs and utensils and pots and pans and linens and and cotton and leather and polish and washtubs and soap and water and brooms and mops and dustbins and garbage and trash and compost and commodes that he had to doubt whether any room was left for the most elementary explanations of things , let alone for doctrine and religious belief .
the newsagent , an english protestant version of fagin with a woollen waistcoat and crooked horn - rimmed glasses was serving an old , short , barrel - shaped woman with a quantity of magazines and boiled sweets , mumbling his usual detached courtesies .
he tumbled the sharp edged sweets over his hand until the scales tipped a quarter ounce .
rachel had made a piata filled with sweets .
in general , only 1.622 kg of the weight remains for them to be more exact and add everything that is not digested : the remains of ice - cream , sweets , and a drink that have not yet completed a chemical reaction in your body in total , the weight of your body will make 50 kg and 625 grams .
they chatted in the street , conspiring , summer - dressed daughters in tow , hidden behind plastic bags stuffed with tinned fruit and live foliage , me sucking sweets , her sucking thumbs , thrown together through geography , playmates from an early age , associated through parents and habit .
before us on the lace covered table sits an array of sweets and fruit .
adam had complained before about the counter - productive effects of sweets after a morning run , but it had n't fazed yvonne , who continued to ply him with homemade goodies .
adam had chided her continually about her eating habits , which consisted almost entirely of sweets , junk food , pasta and red meat .
in his right hand and arm , he held a huge box of sweets and a bottle of wine ; his left hand clutched a gigantic bouquet of roses .
they both work better with sweets , the lad added .
does nt the third man like sweets , too ?
when i was a kid my mother used to tell me that i could nt just run into a candy store and grab a handful of sweets without paying for them .
he remembered fondly how ashley had met him outside that theatre with her little bag of sweets .
you passed the money out , they passed the chai or sweets or fantas , in .
at night they reach into cupboards for hidden sweets and make lists of things to be done the following day .
correcting , and then as they passed the shop pleading verbally and non - verbally tugging and whining for sugary sweets : helicopter !
the other : sweets !
on the way to nursery and school , when it was his turn , always the possibility of sweets as well .
no sweets !
minding : the children ... who were not fighting but pretending to steal sweets not knowing any better yet , knowing better , laughing and looking palpable .
the customary sweets as a gift now in - change sometimes anyway for a small note passed across the counter .
no change though , more sweets instead , like the last time !
as a small boy he would have looked old fashioned , a forties boy in an advertisement for sweets or soap powder .
he d built up arguments in his head as he walked the pavement , climbed in the car and those daffodils , a pale yellow decoy , given as a parent might offer sweets to a child left standing too long in the playground at the end of the day .
sexual urges , and a craving for food , sweets in particular .
none of these things , alcohol , marijuana , drugs , sex , sweets , what have you , are intrinsically bad .
every diwalithats the festival of light , the hindu new yearmadhuri would make these wonderful , wonderful sweets called naivedya .
the foot used walla walla sweets , caramelized to a deep brown , having the same effect on him as kryptonite on superman .
ayca , why do nt you go get the sweets that you made this morning ?
ayca gets up and disappears into the kitchen to get the sweets .
adels mother prepares a plate of sweets and fruit .
there are sticky sweets in their hands , chocolate smeared around their panicked mouths .
` ` i do n't like sweets , '' neil said .
maybe old man dyerson 's on a diet , '' hank said , referring to the home owner , ` ` and he 's getting rid of his sweets .
its a little too late for me to eat sweets .
dust and sweets and sweat and some other odor that was like the kitchen two hours after a big meal .
the students of cedar village primary school gathered around her every morning , recess and lunchtime to purchase her homemade sweets .
mrs . jankie always asked where she bought her sweets and how much she paid for them .
now that we ve cleared all this up , we hope you ll come back because were not the only ones who miss you and your sweets , said miss jennifer .
tantie mona went on to explain that she just started selling her sweets at the weekend market , and a few parlour and shop owners in the area have also offered to sell them .
i go have plenty time to make my sweets after school and still sell in the market on weekends , so i go come back from the week after this one when i buy up a few things .
she cleaned and packed her display case and filled her glass jars with homemade sweets and a variety of snacks .
guddi , get some sweets for ashu , he is finally ready to hand over the reins to you even when he is aware that the first thing you will order is to ban the liquor for ashu as you get the authority , utkarsh quipped .
although he realized it was probably already too late , he did not want the doctor instructing him to avoid soda and sweets and chinese food , telling him the things claude ate and drankand really liked , dammithad caused the headache and would cause more unless he cut them from his diet .
another table contained a selection of bags of home made polish sweets at $ 5 a bag , and home made polish cookies at $ 6 a pack .
the vendors replied with self - introductions , many trying the sweets immediately before returning to their own stalls .
stall - holders too , quickly returned , hoping to buy some sweets or cookies before the supply ran out ; but dora seemed to replace the purchased bags and packets with a seemingly endless supply from within the station - wagon .
her seemingly endless supply of sweets and cookies was beginning to show that there was a finite supply , with gaps appearing on the table .
almost always , especially because it was the children who did the antique picking , the simple strangers insisted on making them tea and offering them whatever sweets were at hand .
all day long they came for sweets laura did nt have .
from dusk onwards the stalls sell sweets along with bottles and jugs of what purport to be wine and whisky , though are more likely to be harsh potato spirit dyed with carmine .
they decided to go to the high street ; i suppose they wanted to look at magazines or buy sweets or something .
mon seigneur took a sip of soma and continued , he has a great love for sweets .
he required that the princes every need be anticipated in advance and immediately fulfilled until the very existence of needeven as a theoretical concept had finally withered from mind : emmanuel was , thus , to be fed at his slightest craving , but never to a sense of fullness that may cause discomfort ; he was to be brought platters topped with fatty meats , sweets , and caramel - covered rice cakes on a quarter - hourly basis ; he was never to be fed spices , oily dishes or otherwise any foods that might result in anything greater than mild indigestion ; he was to be bathed in milk at a specified temperature of 333 degrees balderkat three times daily ; his skin was to be continually draped in silk and he was to be carried on cushions until he was at risk for getting bedsoresat which point he was either to be flipped over , or immersed in a tank of warm gel in the fetal position ; when he looked as though he might soon be impelled to express some emotion requiring tears , the servants were to weep in his stead , and in a way that he might find amusing , and the bluebird of happiness was to be summoned immediately to croon for him until the threat of minor anguish has been properly averted ; whenever he looked in the mirror out of concern for getting more obese than his father , he was to be reassured by his servants that this only showed that he had the ability to surpass even the greatness of his majesty king baxter .
my mom would limit my foods and hide the sweets from me .
the taxi driver was relieved upon seeing the girls helpful gesture , yelling at the crowd to return to their respective employment , for there is no distribution of sweets here that they should amass .
why , are the gifts from london not enough that i should take them sweets as well ?
she had a particular weakness for these sweets , her favourite being pista barfi .
a small smile appeared on the girls lips , as she watched her brother take to the sweets avariciously .
the appetising smell of spices and sweets enticed her to try her luck today .
shah desperately entreats her to contain her giggles lest someone should catch them and confiscate the sweets .
they both run toward the nearest lady holding sweets .
` ` thanks , sweets , '' she said as she took the hot dog from me .
` ` do n't know , sweets , '' she said huskily .
the pink of her t - shirt against the brown of her skin reminded theo of some luxurious sweet he 'd loved as a child .
-- booker t. washington sara sweets bit off the arm of the postman and chewed contentedly .
` ` mr . simion , this is a former volunteer , sara sweets .
the smells of so many products known to me from childhood , but indecipherably mixed , came flooding onto me : the smell of nutmeg or mixed spices , herbs , soaps , sweets , the exotic taste of liquorice , loaves of bread .
the pots of sweets with their screw tops .
with lacys penchant for sweets , it was already a daily battle to keep the weight off , but she saw no reason to inform her mother of that .
he s not selling sweets to school kids anymore .
how horrible did everyone think it was that they d pass on free sweets ?
` ` i laid five hundred clams on your last bout , sweets , '' i gritted .
` ` not , likely sweets . ''
someone made the most delicious chicken salad finger sandwiches you ever tasted , and the sweets !
sweets sweets .
it would add up to a decent amount and she hoped to bank at least half of it in her special account for the opening of sweets sweets .
it would add up to a decent amount and she hoped to bank at least half of it in her special account for the opening of sweets sweets .
he d generously proposed to loan sam the money to properly open sweets sweets .
he d generously proposed to loan sam the money to properly open sweets sweets .
she looked at sams card and thanked her , eyeing the cookiesobviously a girl who liked her sweets , although her slender figure belied that .
if sweets sweets was ever going to get off the ground sam had to jump through a few hoops to get that necessary can - do reputation .
if sweets sweets was ever going to get off the ground sam had to jump through a few hoops to get that necessary can - do reputation .
someday sweets sweets would become a reality , not merely a sideline business run from a cramped kitchen , represented by a name on a business card .
she fixed a picture of the storefront of sweets sweets in her head and resolved to hold onto it .
she fixed a picture of the storefront of sweets sweets in her head and resolved to hold onto it .
i hope you like sweets , kelly said .
once the door closed again , sam found herself telling him about her dream for sweets sweets and how she was always just a little short on money for it .
once the door closed again , sam found herself telling him about her dream for sweets sweets and how she was always just a little short on money for it .
soon she would get signs made and sweets sweets would become a presence as she drove around town .
soon she would get signs made and sweets sweets would become a presence as she drove around town .
sams dream of opening her own pastry shop is coming true , but in the midst of opening sweets sweets sam finds herself in the middle of another mystery .
sams dream of opening her own pastry shop is coming true , but in the midst of opening sweets sweets sam finds herself in the middle of another mystery .
get sweets sweets the second samantha sweet mystery get another connie shelton bookfree !
click here to find out how and check out these other titles by connie shelton : the charlie parker series deadly gamble vacations can be murder partnerships can be murder small towns can be murder memories can be murder honeymoons can be murder reunions can be murder competition can be murder balloons can be murder obsessions can be murder gossip can be murder stardom can be murder phantoms can be murder buried secrets can be murder legends can be murder holidays can be murder - a christmas novella the samantha sweet series sweet masterpiece sweets sweets sweet holidays sweet hearts bitter sweet sweets galore sweets , begorra sweet payback sweet somethings visit connieshelton.com for the latest info on connies books get another connie shelton bookfree !
click here to find out how and check out these other titles by connie shelton : the charlie parker series deadly gamble vacations can be murder partnerships can be murder small towns can be murder memories can be murder honeymoons can be murder reunions can be murder competition can be murder balloons can be murder obsessions can be murder gossip can be murder stardom can be murder phantoms can be murder buried secrets can be murder legends can be murder holidays can be murder - a christmas novella the samantha sweet series sweet masterpiece sweets sweets sweet holidays sweet hearts bitter sweet sweets galore sweets , begorra sweet payback sweet somethings visit connieshelton.com for the latest info on connies books get another connie shelton bookfree !
` ` i can resist most sweets , but not sugar cookies . ''
at a filling station nearby they replenished their stock of drinks and sweets and filled the car with petrol .
as they passed through le bourg d oisans once more they topped the car up with petrol and bought another stock of sweets and drinks at the filling station .
the server brought our tea a pot apiece , steaming with our individual choices , plus a three - tiered plate stand filled with sweets and savories of every description .
he knew if he took them with him , they would be completely impossible en route , whether the small party travelled by train or bus they would complain about the journey , they would want to go to the toilet when there was no toilet , they would want to gorge themselves on luminous sweets until they were physically ill , and want diet coke when there was only pepsi , and pepsi max when there was only coca cola .
there were sweets in the van , and as christopher got out , big dave was starting a game of i - spy with faisal .
not because he had tampered with it , but because my stomach does nt handle sweets without solid food .
i d rather have sweets than diamonds at the moment , i told him truthfully .
the boy could have gone to another friend 's house or disappeared for sweets or to play somewhere else . '
perhaps he 'd stopped off in taragnon for a drink or sweets , the walk would have tired him and made him hot and thirsty .
a large display of books , newspapers and magazines lined the stands along with a variety of cigarettes and sweets .
he bought a paper , some sweets , a small packet of tissues and a pack of large envelopes .
knowing her penchant for sweets , ophelia was nt surprised when she saw her aunt sniff the air and follow her nose to the kitchen counter where twelve - dozen sugar cookies were cooling on racks .
on the other hand , unless i wanted a box full of crumbs to auction , hardy was not the person to ask to hand- deliver sweets .
my mother had never gone for it because she did nt especially like sweets , but i thought that if she were around today , shed get a kick out of the name anyway .
other books by carol lee a dessert first cozy mystery series : glazed & confused : murder , thieves and buried treasure fireworks in the kitchen the secret of the juggling bear killer heels murdered in fashion a sinful sweets cozy mystery series : deadly pumpkin slice a catered christmas killer carols books can be read and enjoyed in any order .
as he had lifted her in his arms , shed smelled like honeysuckle and stolen sweets .
it took a good ten minutes for the servant girl to start the tea heating , put more wood onto the fire , and get out some fine china with sweets to go with the tea .
she poured herself another tea and served him some sweets .
the shelves were full of nuts , fruits , and sweets , but in his dream , mcfergus discovered he had not a farthing in his pockets .
by far the most serious business of the afternoon , for many , was eating sweets and savouries from a table of delights .
grace could nt answer , she had stuffed four of the soft sweets into her mouth all at once .
you can go and buy more sweets if you like , i do nt mind waiting .
i m fine , i just fancied some sweets .
she had a niggling feeling about this sudden urge for sweets , this craving that had appeared this morning .
as frankie pulled back into the traffic he said , you d better take it easy on those sweets , any more and you ll look pregnant .
they ve got flamingo sweets .
flamingo sweets !
she ate another bomb whilst she bought more sweets .
what was in the sweets to make her feel this way ?
you d better lay off the sweets .
grace merely nodded , she did nt feel like eating any more sweets .
i love other sweets but i ca nt live without my strawberry bombs !
hiding in the van and stuffing your face with sweets ?
grace stood up , she could nt think of a good reason as to why she was sitting in the back of the van eating sweets .
he sold sweets , just like the one you re eating now .
she rolled the sweet to one side in her mouth and said , as in flamingos sweets ?
his best selling products were liquorice sweets , he used to mix them with cough mixture , they were really popular .
i know a bit about flamingo sweets , they ve got a big factory in leeds , have nt they ?
and i ve seen the sweets in supermarkets and vending machines .
she loves making sweets and was always trying new recipes .
behind the counter were rows and rows of glass jars , each jar was full of brightly coloured sweets .
there were old - fashioned sweets here but also some that she remembered from her childhood so it could nt be that old .
feel free to let the little ones stand on the chair , they can see the sweets behind me better on the chair .
a young frankie ran after her , his attention suddenly drawn to the rows of sweets .
graces mum walked over to the little grace who was struggling to see the sweets .
della pulled a packet of sweets out of her pocket and opened them up .
della held the black sweet up to the light , she gave it a nod of satisfaction .
she had nt eaten any sweets before bed .
having the odd sweet now and again was fine but stuffing her face in her sleep was another matter .
some of them were eating sweets on the dance floor , must have needed them to boost their energy .
what did the sweets look like ?
grace did nt have time to think about the black sweets as a group of elderly people entered the shop .
how many sweets have you got through today ?
shed been aware of enjoying one or two sweets but there were about forty wrappers on the floor .
she could almost hear the sweets inside her bag singing enticingly to her .
i love flamingo sweets .
and she could get her hands on sweets whenever she wanted to .
her mouth watered as if she was already tasting the black sweets .
its typical of flamingo sweets .
its not just me either , i ve heard that other people are fed up with how they ve been treated by flamingo sweets .
she opened the sweets and put a twist inside her mouth .
there was a lot of information on flamingo sweets .
she even went on deliveries to all the shops that sold flamingo sweets .
the article explained that connie was a hands - on sort of person and wanted to understand the jobs of everyone who worked for flamingo sweets .
the children were named and mention was made of how connies children were devoted to their careers at flamingo sweets .
she did nt want another night of sleepeating so she decided to hide her stash of sweets .
shed bought loads of sweets recently , no one could eat that many in such a short time .
i ve had a few sweets , that s all .
i m not sure , i just feel like eating sweets all the time .
she s been gorging herself on sweets too .
its like she s got a magic pocket that keeps filling up with sweets .
i do nt understand how she can still be eating sweets when she s dead .
huge replicas of flamingo sweets hung from the ceiling like tantalising mobiles .
she had been so busy at the shop that she had nt had time to think about sweets and , now , here she was , in the middle of a delicious dream .
she was wearing an orange dress that had patterned cuffs , the pattern showed a variety of sweets .
also , do nt forget to help yourself to as many sweets as you can carry !
her giddiness increased as she saw the packets of sweets lined up on a shelf that ran down both sides of the corridor .
grace clenched her hands to her sides , she did nt want to be the first to pick some sweets up .
nice sweets though , there s some more over there .
suited man helped himself to more sweets , so did other people in the tour .
grace congratulated herself on her self - restraint until suited man handed her a pile of sweets .
are they really using test tubes to make sweets ?
she heard the low hum of other members of the tour group as they discussed the new sweets in hushed tones .
she thought about the black sweets that frankie had told her about , the ones that people in the nightclub were eating .
there were even bowls of sweets on the shelf next to the bath .
nothing , i had a good soak and helped myself to the sweets .
she said , frankie , do you remember those black sweets that you mentioned , the ones that people were eating at the club ?
the woman said they were liquorice sweets mixed with herbs , she said they were organic and totally natural , she said they were non - addictive .
lets have a look at those sweets .
she had the recipe book and frankies sweets in her handbag .
she decided to go out of the back door , she did nt want frankie asking for his dodgy sweets back .
sorry , i d forgotten that you could now taste my sweets .
it was all well and good tasting connies sweets - but was she gaining the calories too ?
make your own sweets .
she took the book back and said , jamie , how long have you worked for flamingo sweets ?
i m sure connie would have paid her in sweets if she could have got away with it .
i could just about cope with it until i found out how much mum was paying della to mess about with sweets in the factory .
look at what those drugged sweets have done to him .
you think she s the one behind these drugged sweets and you still think she s the one that killed me .
good , it gave her the chance to study people , to see if she could spot any telltale packets of sweets .
grace hoped so , she wanted to find the dodgy person who was selling the drugged sweets .
let me know if you spot anyone selling sweets .
was he talking about the drugged sweets ?
so , it was anna who was selling the drugged sweets .
was anna definitely on her own when she sold the sweets to your friend ?
i keep getting the urge to eat sweets and i do nt know what i m going to get when i reach into my pocket .
pearl said to grace , are you still getting a taste of connies sweets ?
where are those sweets that you took off him ?
did you stay and have a dance with your friend last night , after he got those sweets for you ?
as soon as she got the sweets she told that sleazy looking man that shed meet him on the dance floor .
i feel dreadful , i think it was those black sweets .
connie had been wandering around the shop all day eating sweets .
what if someones forcing her to sell those sweets ?
grace had a sinking feeling , was anna selling drugged sweets direct from the shop ?
would she think she was here to buy drugged sweets ?
grace considered doing so for a moment but then thought better of it , anna might not be selling such sweets here .
there are plenty of sweets behind the counter , i m glad to see they have nt got rid of them !
grace looked down at the selection of sweets , an open bag in her hand ready to be filled .
i saw her reaching under the counter and when i looked down i saw boxes of those black sweets .
anna picked the sweets up and weighed them .
once in the van connie said , i could nt hear the person on the other end but it seems anna is being forced to sell those sweets .
grace cursed all the sweets she had been eating .
i hope you were nt stupid enough to sell her any sweets .
a few days ago i found something that belonged to the flamingo sweets , something i wanted to return to the family .
she made me sell special sweets , sweets that had drugs in them .
she made me sell special sweets , sweets that had drugs in them .
i do nt like the people in the nightclubs , they scare me when they eat the sweets .
and then people came to the shop for sweets , i do nt like them either .
mirabelle said , you killed her because of your filthy drugs habit , and the fact that you were selling flamingo sweets laced with goodness knows what .
connie probably found out about your nasty sweets and threatened to tell the police , that s why you killed her .
we heard rumours about some dodgy flamingo sweets but vincent refused to believe them .
she said to della , your mum knew about the sweets , did nt she ?
of course she knew about the sweets , she encouraged me to make more .
she used to try some of the sweets too .
and it did nt take me long to find out where you were selling dodgy sweets .
this is what dellas been using for connies sweets .
della used to inject some of this into connies sweets on an evening .
it was usually the liquorice sweets but sometimes the strawberry bombs .
did you put some in connies sweets on the night that you murdered her ?
and earlier on today i put some in those sweets that della has been scoffing .
you certainly look as if you like sweets .
this woman came here looking for sweets and she got into an argument with della .
what was the point of helping someone like connie when all along she knew about the drugged sweets ?
connie had known that frankie had been eating those sweets and she never said a thing .
connie was hard - faced about the drugged sweets , she was harsh with her children , she forced lucinda into a life she did nt want .
anna kept offering me free sweets but i said no .
i never want to see flamingo sweets again as long as i live !
he s reorganising flamingo sweets and said we can have one of the older vending machines .
there was no way shed be ordering flamingo sweets to fill up the vending machine .
he said he s going to give us a lifetime supply of flamingo sweets at no cost !
instead , he pulled out a bag of boiled sweets , unwrapped one and popped it in his mouth .
glancing at llewellyn , rafferty noticed that the welshman 's eyes were still shadowed , even though he kept his gaze stiffly eyes - front , and declined the proffered bag of sweets with a taut nod .
hyder had tasted so many of her sweets that he was beginning to feel physically sick just thinking about them now .
the guy meant business when it came to sweets .
we d continued our walk around half the town , chatting about books , coffee and , of course , sweets .
luckily , that bad box of chocolates had nt turned me off from the delicious sweets for good .
the two women complemented and contrasted each other completely ; the silence and the roar , the taste for sweets and the nose for money .
i was no longer holding my bag of sweets .
however , as the contents seemed to be nothing more than sweets , an actual time of day was difficult to establish on that fact alone .
mine too , sweets .
i think what you are enjoying and agonizing over is the beginning of the prequel , sweets .
you d do very well without me , sweets .
they were going to make ian and the other investigating officers look like a bunch of five year olds who ve eaten too many sweets and have got a bit over excitable and boisterous .
she had 200 kronor in cash from annika giannini to pay for sweets from the hospital snack shop .
on the flatbed were women wearing glittering bathing suits and harem trousers , throwing sweets to the crowd .
for a moment , i debate on hiding the sweets , but i go against it .
after abstaining from self - love , i ' ve turned to sugar and sweets and generally anything that will rot my teeth .
it 's called eat sweets avoid sex . ''
after filling up on sweets and re - energizing on coffee with max , i would head over to mason 's place and we would go to empty 's together .
` ` sweets , you got ta go with your gut . ''
i 'd been hoping , of course , and i 'd dropped a couple conversational hints- '' ` ` nelly , sweets , your hints are like a bludgeon upside the head . ''
i wanted sweets .
` ` i ' m not talking about him , sweets .
` ` okay , sweets .
` ` i know , sweets , '' i told him , ` ` but you still messed up . ''
all these were dear to heart and eye - but an invisible fear shook in the trees and chilled upon the air , and if one spot was laughing brightest - there my soul most sank and darkened in despair ! - as if the shadows of a curtained room haunted me in the sun - as if the bloom of early flow'rets had no sweets for me , nor apple blossoms any blush to see- as if the hour had brought too bright a day- and little birds were all too gay ! -too gay ! - as if the beauty of that lovely one were all a fable.-full before the sun stood death and cast a shadow long before , like a dark pall enshrouding her all o'er , till eyes , and lips , and smiles , were all no more !
she 'd paused in the street , staring at a sweets shop .
` ` unpack that a little , sweets . ''
he was looking at me like i was the last piece of triple chocolate cake and he had deprived himself of sweets for years .
` ` do you know how to get to the magic castle on the mountain of sweets ? ''
` ` the mountain of sweets is right here . ''
they 'd given her chocolate , sweets , and healthy meals .
dean leaned forward taking one of the sweets , nick left out .
` ` nothing , sweets .
after a while , she gave up and started seeing this bloke whose dad owned a sweets shop .
pauls other attraction had been money , for some unexplained reason paul always had money , and he spent regularly at the school tuck shop buying sweets .
it was these sweets that he gave away freely , that made him a very popular boy .
with james it had been different while he freely accepted the sweets when they were offered ; he was still a good friend even on the days when the sweets were not being dished out .
with james it had been different while he freely accepted the sweets when they were offered ; he was still a good friend even on the days when the sweets were not being dished out .
` ` uh - huh ... along with about 20,000 other girls hanging out in the parking lot sweets . ''
she had been ' good ' the entire week , consuming mostly salads and oatmeal , and shunning sweets , the diligent regimen resulting in her having shed two pounds .
i thought , at first , that tom had decided to befriend him , but then i realised that he was bullying this child into giving him his sweets each day .
he refused to eat regular meals and snacked on chocolate bars and sweets and when she tried to coax him with food he turned on her and accused her of behaving like his mother , he sat all day long watching the television with glazed eyes and drinking beer .
big fan of sweets ?
i rarely enjoyed sweets since i was on such a limited budget .
after that , all of gabriels visits were in person just so he could try whatever new sweets i d made that week .
lily was at the babysitters , because lauren needed to vent about her divorce over sweets .
i do nt know how many times i ate too many sweets as a child and got sick .
a variety of sweets , like chocolate candy , sugar cookies , and rich truffles were also available .
* * * she bought a bag of sweets for leo , two weekly gossip magazines and the copy of w.o.w .
then she sat in the car by the side of the road , opened leos sweets , and read all about enigma .
another one of those crazy men that you will never have to know about , sweets .
it seemed to tess that cornelia 's waist was less marie 's fault than it was too many of the summer ices and sweets for which cornelia had a passion , but she said soothingly , ` ` your gown will hang on you like a flour sack if i lace you any tighter , miss cornelia . ''
she plucked the ornate basket of sweets from the footmans tray .
she handed nigel the sweets basket , then faced broadmore .
women have a second stomach for sweets .
a woman in a red cross shirt pulled sweets from her pocket and handed them over .
he brought over a small plate with an assortment of sweets , including the clairs i had longed for , and two glasses of champagne .
oh , nord , keep her away from the sweets .
just a minute , sweets .
the second act , despite its elaborate choreographyincluding the signature dance of the sugar plum fairyand inclusion of all the familiar orchestral pieces , seemed anticlimactic to zach , as clara took on the role of observer , rather than dancer and actor , in the land of sweets .
i m not big on sweets .
my rule was always no sweets before school .
because of her fondness for sweets , he believed a store - bought version of this dessert would not be sufficient .
reaching for a box of cough sweets , suzie held them up to her ear .
replacing the cough sweets , she did a double take .
a vast selection of loyalty cards , most of them unused , a packet of cough sweets .
listen i ' ve got to go , sweets !
she could nt eat other sweets because of her diet .
i found myself drawn further into the world of bakeries , sweets , suspense , and romance .
he would n't allow his sweets to be upstaged by a youngster .
whenever she did that task , the thought of being a bakery owner really sounded appealing as the only aromas would be that of sweets punctuated with coffee , tea and hot chocolate .
` ` i ' ve always loved sweets .
so i made sure i got all a 's so i got more sweets that way . ''
discreetly placed business cards and brochures would feature his most popular items geared towards sweets storage .
you just sell , sell , sell the sweets , teagan . ''
` ` glad you like them , sir , '' teagan said , turning away to offer cookies to some of the appreciated guests waiting in line to purchase sweets .
i placed too much emotional value on sweets .
in the frame stood susan , holding sweets and money in her hand .
but within minutes she had completely dispelled darcys notion that she was some sort of touch - me - not , well - groomed dragon - lady by gathering all her grandchildren around and dispensing from her fashionably - large leather handbag , a selection of colouring books and pencils , small toys , sweets and other edible treats designed to keep them occupied through the service .
alicia used her free hand to stuff several of the garishly coloured sweets in her mouth at once , which , with her mouth full to overflowing had the desired effect of stopping the inappropriate lyrics .
he liked sweets as much as i did .
thank you , my sweets .
it has been determined that dominik savants personal bodyguard cut the brakes of miss issy sweets bike while she was in front of the supermarket and therefore caused her earlier accident !
she is slim though i do nt know how since she s always eating sweets !
` ` whatcha want , sweets ? ''
` ` i know you do , sweets .
` ` back atcha , sweets .
` ` cock between my thighs , sweets , just where you 're so eager to stick it . ''
i wanted to believe he 'd had a nightmare , which he richly deserved , that he 'd stuffed himself on sweets and junk food and had a nightmare .
making better food choices had become easier , but her gaze often lingered on sweets and on the candy machine .
whenever possible i avoid sweets . ''
` ` neither of us needs to be indulging in sweets , anyway . ''
gavin : i wish you would ' ve told me , sweets .
in truth , she did n't think the man was big on sweets , though .
i 'd rather have tate feeding me her thorns than piper feeding me her sweets .
he remembered her favorite kinds of food , or sweets that she liked , and usually showed up with them every few days .
no one got between maddie and the sweets .
she had always been kind to him , bringing him sweets and treats when possible , deliberately cultivating a bit of favoritism that had enabled her frequent bouts of mischief at home .
frantic , grey jabbed his hands into his pockets , looking for some small missile , and came up with a paper of the boiled sweets he had bought for percy , who had a sweet tooth .
taking a deep breath and commending his soul to god , grey pegged one of the sweets into the congregation .
normally he did n't care for sweets , but licking the rich cream from madeline 's skin appealed .
` ` the f**king embassy sweets , man . ''
it was miss grant , the tubby little woman who , suitably enough in view of her figure , ran the sweets and pastries shop in the town 's high street .
jenny , blooming in blue silk , and mrs . crook , starched in white linen , flitted back and forth between kitchen and parlor , overseeing the two maidservants , who staggered to and fro under enormous platters of oatcake , fruitcake , ` ` crumbly , '' and other sweets .
` ` i 'd say it 's a girl , '' diane told me yesterday , ` ` because you 're craving sweets .
she 'd asked thornton to ensure that some tea and cucumber sandwiches would be made ready , but now she wondered whether she ought to have added some crumpets with jam since robert had always been fond of sweets .
he looked up , guarded , guilty , like a little boy who had been caught stealing sweets .
a man who loved sweets was at the top of her list in qualities needed in a mate .
kelly , who rarely ate sweets , could not stop eating the homemade vanilla , strawberry and pistachio ice cream topped with nuts , whipped cream and fresh berries .
do n't interrupt a man who 's enjoying his sweets . ''
if there were sweets available and they would n't let me have any , then that meant i was in serious condition .
eating the sweets that blaire kept making and drinking the apple cider that she never let get low .
in the last six months , she 'd had duster ask the roughnecks if any of them would be interested in buying sweets .
and all the sweets in the world . ''
willa wrinkled her nose slightly and explained , ` ` eada does not favor sweets . ''
alsneta often had said that to luvena as she hugged her in greeting when the two girls had come into the kitchens in search of sweets .
so i brought biscuits , sausage , eggs and donuts if you prefer sweets for breakfast . ''
` ` sorry , but i ' m not into sweets . ''
jamie chuckles , ` ` oh , sweets , the two bullets in my chest tell me different . ''
he sighs and strokes my hair , ` ` i know , sweets .
he poked through the cabinets until he found a modest cache of sweets , which were in no way appealing .
the elevator groaned in complaint as it ascended to the sixth floor and she promptly watered the plants before turning to find professor owens 's stash of sweets .