like the final sweet that capped a feast , his ejaculation came in slow pulses , each wrenched from exhausted but willing nerves .
` ` maybe later , sweets .
i dove into the sweet of her body with my mouth .
` ` sweets , '' he murmured , his rough voice rougher , his sexy eyes sexier and his arm moving from under my shoulder blades so that his fingers could slide up the back of my neck into my hair , ` ` that was so bloody magnificent , you get coffee and porridge . ''
` ` sweets , '' phoebe whispered reverently , ` ` hot . ''
then slow , so slow , run my tongue up the inside of her leg tracing the sticky sweet of the lollipop .
he was close enough that she could smell the warmth of him , the male musk , the faint sweet of syrup from his pancakes .
he called me sweets .
now she was working off both stress and sweets , courtesy of a man who obviously did n't understand the meaning of forgiveness .
she even tried remembering the taste of the syllabub at dinner , the smooth texture of cream , the tart wine , but the phantom sweet dissolved in her mouth , and all she could taste on her tongue was godric 's mouth .
` ` that sucks , sweets .
nothing matters as much as tasting those sweets lips again .
the believer was a receptacle for her to feed with the sweets of the missionaria protectiva .
but he could n't resist her sweets .
they just called each other honey , sweets , darling , and other terms of endearment .
a man would give up any pleasure for the pleasure of the perfect bite ... . , the smell of sourness that makes your tongue run its water down ; the sight of the hot sweet that makes you forgetful of all promises ever ; the touch of delicacy with the finger , the lips , the tongue ; the insatiable taste of every serve ; the sound of the gulp , bite , and the crunch truly , eating makes the perfect man !
though a little bitter sweet , she was thrilled knowing she 'd have a child several months later , even though the fear of miscarrying again wore on her at times .
they have had everything , eaten all the sweets of life at one great banquet , and there is nothing left .
whatever happened , the sweets of victory had turned bitter in his mouth .
all the little moments i got with you were always my sweets . ''
` ` ells , breathe sweets .
heather , oh my god , sweets .
for some reason , as i had told elizabeth my story over so many sweets and sugary tea last night , and even as i had sat here this morning and downed the mountain of pancakes , i had managed to gain distance from the situation .
then , sweets in his belly and a familiar reluctance rising within him , he left yehyehs teahouse in search of a river boat with painted eyes , a ghul , and a bride whom adoulla hoped to god was still alive .
so , the fact that my sister was wearing her general sweets studs report here pajama top turned out to be very ironic .
then a slice of tomato , a leaf of lettuce and a ... a patty of ground beef so exquisite , swirling in your mouth , breaking apart , and combining again in a fugue of sweets and savor so delightful .
# # table of contents b / w / ill / iam / ie and al and max and you and i bare ruined choirs where late the sweets birds sang the black sun it uncle oscars funeral answering fire the novice river love miss emilys rose a tale told a note about the writer # # b / will / iam / ie and al and max and you and i willie was expecting to meet al and max .
miles and miles away from all that he knows to be home and the world that acknowledges him as being part of it , jaliya finds this query about his past on this most bitter sweet of topics to be an opening for him to relive a story more meaningfully .
she went , however , and they sauntered about together in mrs . grant 's shrubbery , venturing sometimes to sit down on one of the benches , and remaining there , perhaps , till in the midst of some tender remark of fanny 's on the sweets of autumn , they were forced to jump up and walk for warmth .
` ` the sweets of housekeeping in a country village ! ''
i m seeing your sweets sweet logo , done in that technique that covers the whole vehicle .
click here to find out how and check out these other titles by connie shelton : the charlie parker series deadly gamble vacations can be murder partnerships can be murder small towns can be murder memories can be murder honeymoons can be murder reunions can be murder competition can be murder balloons can be murder obsessions can be murder gossip can be murder stardom can be murder phantoms can be murder buried secrets can be murder legends can be murder holidays can be murder - a christmas novella the samantha sweet series sweet masterpiece sweets sweets sweet holidays sweet hearts bitter sweet sweets galore sweets , begorra sweet payback sweet somethings visit connieshelton.com for the latest info on connies books get another connie shelton bookfree !
craved sweets .