` ` will you do one thing for me though ? ''
an explanation would reveal too much and this man was probably only after one thing , the same exact thing she was after , she thought .
an explanation would reveal too much and this man was probably only after one thing , the same exact thing she was after , she thought .
his eyes burned into the older woman '' s and he lit upon the one thing he thought he was confident about .
and now she was bankrupting her business - the one thing she 'd ever gotten right .
she was sure he 'd filled it with plenty of precious things that needed to be looked after ; but it lacked the one thing he wanted most - the woman he loved .
she 'd tried jewelry making herself , but unfortunately it was n't her thing , either .
sophie felt slightly winded with his words but she focused on the one thing she could hold onto .
` ` but you have to understand one thing , '' he said and waited for her to look at him before continuing .
besides , patience had never been my thing .
` ` yeah , that 's the thing , what other things , brooke ? ''
she was the gift we never knew we needed , and she gave ethan the one thing he needed before he left this world , to become a father .
weddings are her thing .
nodding , i started to pull away , knowing there was nothing else to say , but i needed one thing before i went .
lately , it seemed to be my thing .
when my world had been turned upside down with the news of noah , i 'd become driven and focused on one thing only - my child .
` ` that 's the thing .
` ` but there 's one thing i need to know . ''
only five and a half months earlier she had walked down this hallway , intent on one thing - to secure sloane 's promise to give her a baby .
that was one thing he never compromised on .
talking was definitely his thing .
` ` and that 's the thing , '' rafe said , getting up from his chair and walking over to the big bay window .
he pretty much had a sure thing as well .
laws and statutes were my thing , not biology and experiments .
although paintings and art were more my thing , i knew a good piece of furniture when i saw one .
galas are n't really my thing . ''
the last thing he needed was for powerful investors to doubt him .
one thing she was sure of - if she did have to have this conversation , no way was she doing it dressed in nothing but a towel .
the thing was , she did n't actually believe there was anything going on between declan and ms .
you can call it ' making love ' or some other euphemism for mutual enjoyment of our bodies , but it all comes down to the same thing .
` ` zarah , i want you to remember one thing , '' he said , his deep voice sending shivers along her body .
he would n't and should n't say any of those , which left him only one thing .
` ` but you 're forgetting one thing .
` ` uh , well , those kind of events are n't really my thing , '' he said , fidgeting with his keys .
and the thing she knew sasha wanted the most was the thing that being with her would never give him - his freedom .
and the thing she knew sasha wanted the most was the thing that being with her would never give him - his freedom .
the thing was , he had n't meant a damn thing he 'd said to his brother .
she still had one thing , and she needed to reveal that to him as soon as the time seemed right and nonthreatening .
and that was the important thing to nick right now - saving the center .
james hancock had one thing right tonight .
dante waited , his mind racing in search of the one thing his grandfather wanted to know - the one thing that was more important to him than all of lucia 's vitriolic accusations .
but before they did , there was one thing tina wanted to do .
` ` that 's the thing though , honey , '' dani said softly .
then once patti 's delivered , you can- '' ` ` that 's the thing , boss , '' dan interrupted him with a wince .
turning around sharply , she lifted her chin , glared at him and said , ` ` i stopped wearing formfitting clothes three years ago when i discovered it attracted men who were interested in only one thing . ''
a minute or so ago , she 'd been furious with him , trying to steamroll her into giving up the most important thing in the world to her , her business .
` ` that 's the thing , '' garrett told him .
the thing is , people always ask that question , but they do n't really want to know what a war zone is like . ''
` ` just one thing , '' he said with blunt honesty as he placed his hand high on the tree trunk behind her .
second thing i want to tell you , '' kate said as she stood up , deliberately blocking danny from his view , that you 're in for a bit of a shock . ''
that vicious old bitch had just inadvertently given him the one thing he wanted more than life itself - she had given him victoria , katherine 's child .
families like the vanderbilts and astors had built their homes over looking the atlantic ocean with only one thing in mind , outdoing their neighbors .
as if drawn by a pulley , she leaned forward intent on one thing , kissing him again .
plants were n't his thing , although he knew a great deal about them thanks to his mom .
addie remained in front of her computer until four when she 'd left with one thing on her mind , a nap .
the women circling me were all after the same thing and it was blatantly apparent .
one thing was left in her mind , in the world .
and she threw herself into the fight , blind now but to one thing : defending him , preventing any injury to him at any cost .
now only one thing mattered .
she wanted to do one thing .
and during that time , when the constant toil and preoccupation had allowed her moments of coherence , she 'd only been able to think of one thing .
` ` and i want one thing .
the thing is , a guy like that is going to want big returns .
the annoying ring tone meant one thing and one thing only : a message from work .
` ` yeah , so directing is my thing .
he knew acting was n't her thing , but it roused him that she was getting into this role playing .
first thing on his day 's agenda was to find a project to work on .
there was only one thing he wanted at that moment .
it was the only thing keeping me from giving into the crazy .
meanwhile , my head spun , unable to concentrate on any one thing for any length of time .
` ` modeling is n't my thing .
` ` remember one thing , amelia , '' my dad said .
before she had a moment to wonder what the acceptance , the approval she saw in their shrewd depths meant , leandro said , ` ` i do have to thank you for one thing , though .
you can throw companies and fortunes at me , but the one thing i want is what you ' ve failed twice to give me .
infatuated , immature moron that she was , she 'd achieved only one thing by seeing him again .
one thing was left in her wreckage .
now one thing remained .
the only thing that mattered to him anymore in the world .
everything converged on one thing .
but after he 'd confessed everything about the past , about his feelings , only one thing had remained .
and she claimed she wanted one thing from him .
he needed only one thing .
` ` one thing before we begin . ''
leaning forward on his elbows , he said , ` ` the thing is , i ca n't seem to stop watching it .
` ` i got your thing , '' darren said .
` ` the thing i want most is the only thing between me and getting it .
i had n't been elated or paralyzed , but had entered a zone where my senses tingled , and i focused on one thing only : getting out .
you do n't know anything about him , except that he keeps bad company , is brusque and strange , and is rich enough to sail first class - which means he 'd be after only one thing with a maidservant .
` ` this is about one thing , and one thing only .
` ` this is about one thing , and one thing only .
i feel very good about this defiance until mikhail coolly replies , ` ` i have one very important thing to gain .
but no matter how he tried to frame the situation , he was sure of one thing : he was n't getting any closer to finding the woman of his dreams .
physical pain meant nothing as he worked to recapture the one thing that he 'd always taken as a given .
he was focused on only one thing .
not when the only thing she wanted was for all three hotshots to make it out alive .
she needed logan to promise her one thing first , though .
sam had explained it to her once , telling her that the most important thing was getting back out and doing their job , not stewing on what had gone wrong .
now he needed to win one with himself by getting one very important thing straight : regardless of how he used to feel about her , from here on out he needed to treat her like a stranger in need , like any one of the thousands of people he 'd helped as a hotshot .
'cause that was the thing , there were times when he could see it all so clear , when he could see that his mom was doing her best and that he was the one f**king up .
` ` if you do one thing for me ? ''
` ` you 're forgetting one thing .
driving is my thing .
because from the looks of that guy , he had one thing and one thing only in mind .
because from the looks of that guy , he had one thing and one thing only in mind .
the thing was .
the thing is , we have to strip down to speedos , and charlie does n't want to get too nervous and look like a dork in front of caroline . ''
hearts were my thing then , and , damn , i was sure the problem was serious .
the nightlife has never really been my thing , but the business opportunity came up .
the thing is , you underestimate people .
he strode through the hallway leading to his office , needing one thing and one thing only .
he strode through the hallway leading to his office , needing one thing and one thing only .
he would n't have thought interior design was his thing , but he enjoyed the stories she had about annoying clients and stubborn people .
manicures , pedicures and facials were n't her thing , she 'd often said .
` ` which reminds me - before this thing between us goes any further , there 's another thing you need to know . ''
` ` one last thing .
the very thing he 'd moved away from was the thing he needed now .
` ` one last thing , '' he said .
slice - of - life articles were n't his thing , but somehow , this time the words poured from his gut .
then he heaved a healthy sigh , certain of only one thing .
vanity is n't my thing which i ' m sure you realize after watching me walk around with pink hair . ''
` ` last thing , '' roman said as the elevator door reopened and the dark parking garage appeared .
women and tears had never been his thing .
personal sacrifice not your thing anymore ? ''
if there was one thing that he and jewell did not have , it was time .
` ` here 's the thing , '' he whispers and pulls the lobe of my ear between his teeth , then soothes the bite with his tongue .
the olympics were her thing far more than they were mine .
i considered the military , but that was n't my thing .
` ` that 's the thing , '' he said .
i felt like a bastard , only thinking of one thing since the moment she 'd approached me .
it was always to a different place , but for the exact same thing .
` ` now , save your tears , because i have one last thing to show you . ''
i want you focused on one thing : pleasure , '' he said gruffly before he kissed her once , brisk and thorough .
` ` one other thing , '' ian said as gerard took aim at ian 's head , and francesca 's lungs burned in gripping terror .
she 'd strutted into his office with one thing in mind .
shit i could n't have stopped if she 'd needed me to my body had taken over and was seeking one thing and one thing only , fulfillment .
` ` we want the same thing out of this fourth and final fight : to make a whole helluva lot of money , '' the man begins , ` ` and i intend to , with your help .
the one thing he 's willing to die for .
a sudden hunger overtakes me , and i know only one thing with satisfy it .
it 's like you 're the only real thing in my life , the only thing i care about protecting .
` ` that 's the thing , '' i shrug , ` ` i ' m not sure if this is where i can make the most of my skills .
but for the moment he needed only one thing ... to win that damned bear ...
a married man at a bar can only be looking for one thing . ''
a deep , guttural groan matched my fevered cock , desperate for one thing , for stella to keep going .
he was after one thing and that was sex .
my cock ached after servicing her , and even though i had been pleasured by holly 's willing body earlier on , i found myself needing to wank off , thinking of only one thing .
so , when i say i love you , you should n't think that i will walk away because you 're acting like a bloody fool or the complete insufferable prick that you can truly be at most times ... because that 's the thing , i love you even when you 're being such a dastardly bastard .
` ` we have just the thing , '' she said and took me by the arm .
` ` the important thing is , you 're with me . ''
by the time we wrapped up , i was ready for only one thing -- a hot bath and bed .
` ` one thing before i go , '' he says .
i groaned inwardly , because shopping just was not my thing , but i had to admit that i felt sort of like julia roberts in pretty woman , being fussed over like that .
` ` that 's the thing , lanie . ''
how many times had i tried to make the dumb fuck understand that women were only out for one thing ?
the only thing between him and an open door was my testimony - testimony that castor and his brother would stop at nothing to ensure never be given .
` ` they 're not usually my thing , but it 's business , and i 'd rather not go alone , if i have someone to go with me . ''
the only thing keeping karissa alive - keeping ray from outsourcing elsewhere , from putting a hit out on her life - is that he 's not willing to cut ties with me .
` ` a woman like that is good for only one thing and we both know it , '' i say .
` ` can you do one thing for me ? ''
i look around the room realizing i ' m missing one thing .
` ` that 's the thing , ronin .
my mind only wanted to focus on one thing , and soon i found myself sitting , propped up against the wall outside her room , nursing several fingers of scotch in a heavy crystal tumbler .
he had one thing right for sure .
i forced my thoughts away from the package that had finally found a home in the trash receptacle beside my desk , but i was consumed by only one thing .
` ` one other thing . ''
and the thing you need to learn about me is that i do n't share what 's mine . ''
though your offer was mighty nice , ranch work ai n't her thing . ''
but you got ta do one thing for me first . ''
the self - inflicted physical punishment usually helped him focus on one thing : not chugging beer until he passed out .
he should give it to a woman who can give the same thing back to him - babies , family , that long - term community connection .
` ` intellectual games ai n't really my thing .
` ` that 's the thing , darlin ' , you do n't have to be good .
only good for one thing .
` ` that kinda stuff is not really my thing . ''
he hit the pause button , his head spinning , his gut churning , his thoughts focused on one awful thing .
at the door , layla said , ` ` oops , i forgot one thing . ''
` ` there 's one thing you oughta know about me , sweetness .
her mind was focused on one thing : must come .
but before we get all this out in the open , i have to ask you one thing . ''
reading is n't really my thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing , gavin .
spending time alone ... never really been my thing .
strippers used to be your thing . ''
` ` one thing i did learn by coming here ?
` ` one thing 's for sure , you 'll have plenty of time to think about it with all the time you 'll spend in the car the next few days . ''
the thing was ?
which meant she was really mad because he 'd learned one thing about her in the times they 'd spent together ; she did n't have time for games .
she winced when he pulled out , but she knew he was right about one thing ; she 'd never forget how he proved he owned her - heart , soul and body - straight down to the marrow of her bones .
he did n't blame her for going off with fairgood , because he 'd made one thing more than clear last night .
she 'd let the sweet girl get in a few licks before she settled down with the next two things on her list : a huge glass of wine and an old episode of veronica mars .
thought about what his cousin had said , and answered , ` ` da , i have one thing more for you to do . ''
sleep began to drag at sam 's eyes , but there was still one thing she had to know before she let her inner dreams take over the one she and nikolai had created in the real world .
` ` the spartans only wanted one thing from their sons .
the only thing that kept him living .
but to say them would cost him the very thing he was trying so hard to get .
and if they were meant to die , then she wanted to make sure he had the one thing he 'd wanted most .
` ` i only wanted for one thing '' ` ` and that was ? ''
it was true , watching the family around her made her ache for the one thing she wanted most .
i ' m only good for one thing . ''
when people see me , they only want one thing from me and i happen to be very good at it .
people only wanted one thing from him .
not until she thought of the one thing he could never say no to - a mortal soul in jeopardy .
water sports had never been his thing .
in all his life , he 'd wanted only one thing .
` ` ash , '' she said , her voice catching , ` ` can you do one thing for me ? ''
food was n't really her thing and she hoped that she could sip this beer in peace .
so he 'd played those odds , even though the one thing he really wanted was a family of his own ... . sam swallowed the lump in her throat as she wished dev was here for her to hug .
and that , my lord ... watching you fail to achieve the one thing you wanted most , is worth it . ''
for the first time ever , he craved the one thing he knew he could never have .
it was , after all , the only thing he was good for .
but with his senses dulled , it kept him focused on only one thing .
but as he left , his thoughts turned to the one thing he 'd always wanted yet never had found .
and it made him ache for the one thing that had always eluded him .
rafael gave her his best smile as he considered a way to save jeff and to get him the one thing he wanted most ... more time with a woman who tempted him .
in all his life , he 'd only ever wanted one thing .
i had one job to do , one thing on which to focus .
the thing is , sweetheart , you never had to use it to do what he wanted .
` ` not really my thing .
` ` and one last thing , '' magnus said , jabbing a ringed finger at jace .
` ` there was only one thing i had left - one chance to make something other than an utter waste out of my life .
and once you ' ve summoned the angel , you can demand of him one thing .
` ` that 's the thing , '' magnus said .
this could only be leading to one thing .
` ` the thing is , guys , what other option do they have ?
disco ball dresses were n't my thing , but katie did look hot .
the thing was , i did n't .
country bars were n't my thing , although blaire 's boots were definitely on my list of favorite things .
she did n't stay focused on one thing too long .
i had just lied to a group of vampires about the one thing they desperately wanted .
` ` bishop has only one thing on his mind , evangeline ... revenge .
my thoughts were consumed by one thing and one thing only : what would one drop of my blood do to caden ?
there was only one thing left .
the only thing that had motivated me , the one thing that truly kept me going these last eighteen years , had not been veronique .
the only thing that had motivated me , the one thing that truly kept me going these last eighteen years , had not been veronique .
luckily , she seems to be interested in me for only one thing and it 's the kind of thing i can readily give her .
` ` sure looks like your thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing . ''
it helped me see the one thing that i know i want , buried amongst a pile of uncertainties .
it 's my thing . ''
but public displays of affection had never been her thing , let alone climaxing with hundreds of people around .
the only thing he needed was the will to stop this .
rydstrom forced himself to ignore it all ; only one thing mattered to him .
his jaw clenched so hard that he almost kept himself from grating , ` ` second thing ? ''
the thing was , it was all contrived .
` ` let 's get one thing crystal .
` ` wait , there is one thing . ''
for all his backward thinking , limbcus is right about one thing , '' he said , glancing at me .
you need an alpha who is there , focused on the same thing you are .
the ever - after was the last thing on my mind , and i made a choking laugh .
he 'd once stopped me from killing nick , claiming he wanted one clean thing in his life - me .
` ` first thing on the list , '' i said as i looked past al and newt , ogling trent 's holdings , to the cluster of people coming down the stairs to greet us .
clearly , following rules was n't his thing .
` ` one thing , commander , '' i said .
science was never my thing . ''
only one thing left for our happily ever after . ''
they might have worked together only a short time , but in this instance , they desired the same thing .
` ` only one other thing .
heart ... breaking all over again ... ` ` one thing is clear , girls , '' bellorie said , tugging elin away from the dark place she 'd been racing toward .
only one thing mattered , and she was dying in front of him .
the two had recently fallen in love , and both anya and danika had asked only one thing of sabin before the warriors left for egypt : bring my man back safely .
they desired the same thing , she and legion .
patience had never been his thing .
` ` do n't have one last thing . ''
` ` math was never my thing , but i ' m gon na say you lost ... a lot . ''
as he pounded through the rain forest , pulse hammering in his ears , he could only hope to hell he would n't be too late , because he knew two things for sure : one , there was no way natalie would give up her discovery without a fight .
` ` my wife , '' he said softly , brushing a wayward curl out of her eyes , ` ` i do have one thing to correct you on . ''
the urgency making my heart race depends on one thing , and one thing only : the threat to my life .
the urgency making my heart race depends on one thing , and one thing only : the threat to my life .
` ` one thing at a time . ''
` ` that 's the thing , '' nita says .
mia and ansel have been married since june , but only a little over two months ago they had a huge fight , something so huge and hurtful between them that i could see on her face she was worried she might have lost the thing she wanted more than anything in the world - even more than to erase the accident that shattered her dream of dancing for a living : her marriage .
that was the thing .
opera was his thing .
` ` xavier , one last thing , '' he said , facing the door .
perhaps ass kickings were his thing .
` ` i am destined for one thing only : death .
the man known as king , the man who was said to be able to ` ` find anything or anyone for a price , '' was so good at hunting because he had spent a lifetime searching for the one thing he needed most : salvation from the hell of his existence .
it was completely over the top and so not my thing , but clay seemed to be having a great time so i set aside my sarcasm and enjoyed it for what it was .
drugs were n't my thing .
modesty was not my thing anyway .
seven letters between me and the one thing i wanted most in my life .
the last thing i needed my first year in college was to get my heart broken by a boy who was undoubtedly after one thing .
then i ran from the one thing in my life i wanted most .
` ` but that 's the thing , sarah , i tried to force it out of him , to make him tell me what he feels .
the thing was , it was n't really all that sudden .
` ` my dad says boys are only ever after one thing . ''
boys only want one thing , dad .
` ` there is one thing . ''
he was all about paperwork , it was his thing . ''
he focused on the one thing he could .
everyone in the baltimore office knew that special agent ty grady was good for one thing in the ring : embarrassing the hotshot rookies .
ty was notoriously flighty and could be easily distracted , but in an emergency , he honed in on one thing and one thing alone : survival .
ty was notoriously flighty and could be easily distracted , but in an emergency , he honed in on one thing and one thing alone : survival .
grady was nt the only thing he d researched .
` ` that 's just the thing , ty , '' turner whispered .
the only thing keeping him there was the very real threat that still hovered over everyone and everything he loved .
at the time , staying seemed like the right decision , but now , in the light of day , under the inspection of the circumstances , i question the very thing i swore to cherish , my time here on paragon - my time with skyla .
only one thing can make this nightmare go away - ending the day with the blood of this monster on my hands .
` ` only one thing . ''
that 's the thing with bry , not only does she call it like she sees it , but she sees far too much for me to ever care to know .
` ` so what was his thing ?
` ` that 's the thing '' -i move the candle to the coffee table before we set the entire building on fire- '' i think maybe we should be more than a game .
the three of us walk in , and i have one thing in mind : get to the motherfucker who hurt lauren .
the last four days had been a tumble of activity and through all of it , lily could think of only one thing .
` ` one last thing , '' he muttered and his hand went into the pocket of his jeans .
however , before he finally gave them what they both wanted , they needed to get one thing straight .
the problem was , i was n't sure if it was the thing .
` ` only one thing i want in my life , '' he declared .
the thing is , not just the people we want to think we 're together are gon na see us together .
this was my thing , something else tim would brag about .
a woman , livin ' alone , thinkin ' stupid shit ... '' she shook her head again then said , quieter this time , that fear and vulnerability stark in her voice , ` ` the thing was , one of those times , i found a journal on the floor of my closet . ''
they were coming up zero which meant the only thing they had left was waiting for him to kill again .
but you 're not my thing . ''
lund nodded and moved but when they were at the door , drakkar called out , ` ` one thing . ''
he strolled through the corridors with his arm around my shoulders and followed me through the stores intent on one thing : getting his clothes and getting the f**k out of there .
it is not when abby is having dinner at a castle with famous - worldwide hot guy cash fraser , '' jenny retorted then before mrs . truman could respond she looked at abby and stated , ` ` i think this is the thing . ''
as julia and sam made it to the bottom of the stairwell , the children already rushing to the dining room , douglas moved forward , intent on one thing .
in the end , elle did n't buy a dress as she was in the wilds of scotland and wearing a dress to the local indian restaurant was probably not the thing .
brenna ignored this lunacy , one thing on her mind and started again toward the door but did not get very far before the woman again was upon her .
i 'd never known a man who did n't wake up with one thing on his mind , usually ready for that thing before his eyes opened .
at first i thought it was skin , maybe skin was my thing ?
yes , yes , i believe that 's just the thing !
but , in my opinion , they were really the only thing i had going for me .
` ` besides , a good leader always knows one thing . ''
it had been his thing over the past few days .
funny , i was sacrificing the only thing i 'd ever cared about , which oddly made me feel sad and angry all at once .
` ` just one thing before you get in . ''
it was my game - the only thing i had going for me .
a man who wanted one thing - power .
they lead to one thing , and it is n't matrimonial bliss .
women were good for only one thing .
because life is about one thing .
i was a man living for one thing .
there was one thing on my mind and one thing only .
` ` one last thing , mrs.- '' ` ` beaufain , '' the woman answered .
you were aware , that 's the thing .
first thing on my to - do list was to get it back from him .
it had always been our thing , something we thrived on .
finding no connection between it and seraphina , the reason she brought me here , and quite frankly , the only thing i care about right now .
in return for her services , she made me promise one thing , and one thing only .
in return for her services , she made me promise one thing , and one thing only .
but the thing you need to know right now , is that i spent my whole life alone .
you ca n't just shut down and focus on one thing .
the thing is ...
war was being waged all around us and the only thing that mattered at that moment - reaching derek - was being kept from me .
but war was being waged all around us and the only thing that mattered at that moment - reaching derek - was being kept from me .
chapter 54 : ben amidst all the bedlam surrounding me , i was certain of one thing and one thing alone .
` ` that 's the thing , sofia .
sofia represented the one thing that had eluded me over the past centuries : redemption .
one thing was clear : blood was going to be shed that night .
` ` they told me to tell you that they would return derek alive in exchange for one thing .
my eyes trained on her face , i watch her closed eyes and parted lips with only one thing in mind .
she 'd been taught her entire life that all men were evil and only wanted one thing .
right now , he only had an appetite for one thing .
he 'd learned early on , when the game stakes were high and it came down to him on the pitcher 's mound , how to shut down everything but the one thing he needed to focus on : making enough good pitches to strike the batter out .
that was just the thing .
she was too innocent to realize when a guy like this was aiming for one thing , and one thing only : to get into her panties .
she was too innocent to realize when a guy like this was aiming for one thing , and one thing only : to get into her panties .
libraries were n't his thing , but he could n't avoid them forever .
girl power was her thing .
at the last second , she realized they were going to need one more thing before leaving the room .
one thing was clear , she decided .
yet in this moment , the damn thing seemed more vital than even his mind .
as her brain came back on , there was only one thing she wanted more than to give him his dying wish .
` ` there is just one thing before you go , '' wrath said on a growl .
` ` i 'd offer you help , but school was n't really my thing . ''
there was only one thing that mattered .
the thing was , you could only race through the vents not currently being used for air flow .
women only wanted one thing from guys : to settle down and get married .
` ` so there 's one thing , '' sidney continued .
` ` but that 's the thing . ''
and i think , he 's a player , he 's all about one thing .
` ` yes , if you promise me one thing . ''
being the center of attention had never been my thing .
she was the most important thing in my life , and to think about something other than missing her - it felt like a betrayal .
we could n't run forever , james and ava could n't f ight forever , and it was clear cronus only wanted one thing .
she did have one thing to trade .
` ` there 's just one thing , '' fischer said .
he did have one thing going for him .
` ` posing naked is not my thing .
` ` but right now i have one thing going for me . ''
` ` there 's one thing you need to know . ''
i 'll reply , see if i can get it out of him ... she 'd taken away the one positive aspect of his life , the one thing that had kept him going over the past few months since the money ran out .
but jonathan was stubborn enough to toss and turn for three hours before he was willing to acknowledge that despite all his good intentions , it all came down to one thing : capitulation .
but there was one thing more important to him than revenge .
` ` and she 's got the one thing he really cares about , '' skye said .
a pain stabbed through katie 's abdomen as she moved , but she was n't about to let him take the one thing she depended on .
if josh wanted her at all , he wanted her for only one thing .
it always came down to the same thing : me .
` ` the thing i do n't get though , is how are you involved in all of this ? ''
but he was forgetting one thing : i was more powerful than he was .
everyone here 's interested in one thing and one thing only , and that 's protecting their own necks , which almost always means throwing someone else into the line of fire .
everyone here 's interested in one thing and one thing only , and that 's protecting their own necks , which almost always means throwing someone else into the line of fire .
the very thing that drives him to such unholy feats on the battlefield is the only thing that will get him out of here .
that guy was a piece of shit and only after one thing , a piece of ass .
tara doing something with the two of us means only one thing - she needs money .
he had given up everything to hunt down his sister 's killer , and now he was about to give up the last thing he had .
stumbling forward one soaked foot at a time , i constricted my focus , until my thoughts consisted of only one thing : i would gather what i needed for a fire , or die trying .
` ` that 's the thing , '' he said softly .
` ` and pestering people really is n't my thing . ''
` ` portraits are n't my thing , '' he warned .
but he 'd said decorating was n't really his thing .
water sports were n't my thing , so i figured , why not ?
fine - my whole life i had one f**king thing i dreamed of : making it in the art world , on my own .
` ` that 's the thing , nash , you are n't ' some girl 's ' boyfriend , you 're ' the girl 's ' boyfriend and when it 's ' the girl ' you find the time for it , and you get your head around it really quick because the idea of being without her is about the worst thing you can imagine . ''
` ` that 's the thing , i would have worked until it killed me , whether it ever paid off or not , if that something at the end was you .
` ` the thing i ' ve wanted the longest besides getting to be a nurse ... is you .
sure , there was a good chance dovie would end up dead after i destroyed the one thing novak wanted more than power .
guys like kerr think that women are good for one thing only .
athletics was never my thing , but i try my best , even when i start to get criticized by lanson , who of course has to be on the team i ' m playing against .
my mind wants one thing .
never been my thing , you know . ''
i only care about one thing , knowing it 'll make everything feel better and then everything - the fight , nova - wo n't matter .
` ` what is your thing ? ''
` ` see , that 's the thing ... you can help , '' he explains quietly .
because that 's the thing .
not my thing , but i guess i can pop that cherry . '
that 's the thing with callie - something as simple as her touch can warm the cold inside me .
i move to the right , and run , my feet hammering against the grass as i focus on one thing - outrunning that damn voice .
that was the thing , though .
the thing that mattered most .
the smell - and the meaning behind it - finally registered , and i pushed my way through my werewolf bodyguards until the only thing standing between me and the door was mitch .
bleeding and bloody , beaten within an inch of his life and unable to shift , he 'd limped and stumbled his way over mountains and through the forest and around god knew how many towns where he might have been spotted and shot - and he 'd done all of that in the single - minded pursuit of one thing .
if there was one thing i 'd had pounded into my head from day one , it was the necessity of never letting fear show in my posture , the speed of my breath , the weight of my motions .
he only had one thing going for him , and she was taking it away .
he focused on one thing and one thing alone .
if there was one thing claire knew like the back of her own hand , it was the edge of the abyss , and nix was wearing darkness like sunscreen .
he was only good for one thing .
` ` i ' m craving one thing .
` ` i get what you 're saying , but you 're missing the most important thing .
the thing was , i actually did n't .
` ` here is the thing .
yeah , i was hard as a rock and would probably have to resort to calling brina , but i was sure about one thing .
` ` see that 's the thing .
the first thing on my list was to get ty out of the kitchen , otherwise we would all be having peanut butter and jelly .
i knew my brother and he came for one thing only .
you both want the same damn thing . ''
for so long he was only worried about one thing .
` ` l know one thing i ' m always hungry for . ''
they want one thing .
` ` i came here for one thing and you 're goin ' to give it to me are n't you ? ''
our first kiss was enough to send me over the edge , except i was too determined to have one certain thing .
` ` before we go in , there 's one thing that i need you to do , '' i said .
i can only concentrate on one thing at a time . ''
` ` you 're forgetting one thing . ''
there was only one thing i was focused on right now - nickamedes 's water bottle .
` ` because you 're forgetting one thing . ''
after my last relationship , i 'd come to feel as if guys only wanted one thing .
holding her , feeling her hot body so close to mine , only reminded me of one thing .
guess working out was n't his thing .
because he believed that his brother was right about one thing .
apparently one thing survived , the one the motherfucker did n't want to : me .
i was drunk and had one thing on my mind and one thing only . ''
i would have written crime fiction , not true crime , if money was the only thing that interested me .
the only thing that mattered to the people at the top was success .
` ` hunting is certainly not my thing . ''
` ` you 're forgetting one very important thing , '' jake said .
there 's one thing i 'd like to know before we end this game . ''
` ` but the thing is , the stories are all myths , '' she insisted .
` ` one thing before you leave , '' fallon said .
the thing is , you escaped , even though you were doped to the gills and running a high - grade fever .
` ` the important thing , '' she explained very carefully , ` ` the really crucial thing , is that the reason , whatever it is , must have nothing to do with dreamscape . ''
` ` the important thing , '' she explained very carefully , ` ` the really crucial thing , is that the reason , whatever it is , must have nothing to do with dreamscape . ''
clutching her lingerie in one hand , she focused intently on the only thing that mattered at that moment : escape from the scene of her wild , frenzied , totally uncharacteristic passion .
` ` one thing i ' ve been meaning to ask you , '' he said when she reached the place where he waited with her cloak .
` ` one thing 's for certain , she 'll look a whole lot better in them than he did . ''
` ` but the important thing is to get something solid on this door .
` ` one thing 's for certain , eclipse bay is n't exactly crawling with experienced , high - end art thieves , and we do n't have what you 'd call a big market for stolen art , either .
the only thing that filled that cloudy gaze was distant pain .
one thing was certain : whatever happened at the top of the cliffs was going to be messy and totally lacking in finesse .
a lot of time and worry has been spent on you and that 's the main thing you were after , was n't it ?
everything he did for her and to her took cidra farther and farther from the one thing she wanted most in life .
but maybe , just maybe , she should add another thing : get payback on tyler .
it was kind of his thing , taking care of people .
` ` but you forgot one thing . ''
codes were n't his thing , but he knew the basic premise : figure out the combination of letters and numbers occurring most often and try sticking the most often used letter of the alphabet in its place .
the wolf in her wanted one thing and one thing only .
the wolf in her wanted one thing and one thing only .
the felines had one thing on their minds : to rip sean and jared to pieces .
the important thing is do n't panic . ''
she was sorry , that was the thing .
i fix on one thing and do anything to obtain that thing .
lucky for me , negligees were never my thing .
the thing was , he and dad did n't usually fight .
he just sort of plods through life , drinking with his friends , going to work every morning , always the same thing .
` ` but that 's the thing , '' mom said , her voice soft amid the noise .
` ` that 's the thing , '' he said , looking up .
my mind seized upon one thing , shock replacing my anger .
part of me was appalled at my savageness , yet the rest only cared for one thing .
all spade 's attention was focused on one thing : find the source , and pray it was nathanial .
i woke up hours early , all with one thing in mind : telling addison off .
with her holier - than - thou attitude and her level of mean , she 's headed for only one thing .
however , he kept in mind that in the end , they were both here for one thing , and it was n't a lay .
the tricky thing about trusting doug was that i had to stay on his good side so he did n't tell everyone in my school about my mother despite his promise not to .
right now , she only wanted one thing .
` ` before i take you home , there 's one thing you need to know . ''
` ` the bond between us may be broken , mara , but you 're forgetting one thing .
the thing was , an ordinary baby would n't do .
` ` you 're forgetting one thing , '' he said .
the most important thing was to avoid the ready energy sources standing in front of me .
turning down a direct challenge like that was n't my thing .
i love music , and i ' m all about talking about it on the air , but interviewing is n't my thing . ''
face painting kids was n't really my thing . ''
russell edgington believed he was projecting the appearance of an old - style southern gentleman , and if that was his thing , i might as well feed it .
the thing is , here in hotshot , we ' ve inbred too much .
praying for one thing ( asking god a favor ) while at the same time hoping your enemies would be killed .
` ` but , '' i added , ` ` she was pregnant , that 's the thing , and the baby was my brother 's . ''
` ` the second thing ? ''
` ` the same thing we always fight about .
surfing was our thing ; we would always go out early on saturday mornings and stop at the in - n - out burger on the way home .
cooking has always been my thing ; i love it and find myself cooking for her a lot , since she is normally a bottomless pit .
` ` that 's the thing ...
art showings really are n't my thing , so i grab a beer and chat with mark .
and from the first day of school that year , garrett was focused on one thing : dee dee warren .
the thing is , i need you to help me out with something . ''
they all talk about how men only want one thing from them , but they are constantly throwing themselves at me , yet i never hit on them first .
` ` i have one other thing for you . ''
` ` nice thought , sugar , '' she told her reflection , ` ` but you have a few things to do first . ''
` ` you see , that 's the thing , '' lucivar said as he called in his eyrien war blade and began coating the lethally honed steel with layers of ebon - gray power .
needed to see those webs again in order to remember that one important thing that was eluding him .
` ` one last thing . ''
they all wanted the same thing : assurance that the males sent into the kindred lands that had been granted as human territories would n't be slaughtered by these ` ` hell - spawned animals . ''
and there was one thing he couldn't - wouldn't - sacrifice .
` ` there 's one thing i want to teach you before you go .
but remember one thing , grace , '' he said .
convertibles were good for one thing only , something i needed desperately right now .
` ` it does n't matter if she wants me back , because the thing is ...
the thing was , i was n't .
i just need you to do one thing for me before you leave . ''
our main selection arrives and i know this may be my last chance to find out the one thing that has been eating away at me since i first saw sean again at the hospital .
i know i ' m probably leading him on , but right now i have one thing on my mind and that is showing sean exactly what he 's missing , exactly what he walked away from .
you only sent him out for one thing ?
i know just the thing .
that was his thing .
so sparring was n't my thing .
it was n't that writing a front - page story was n't his thing ; he was an investigative journalist with an impeccable reputation .
` ` politics and such ai n't my thing , but i know what 's right .
i 'd been a vampire for just a few months , but i knew it operated with only one thing in mind - its own interest .
so i decided a charity event was just the thing , which was why we were standing in grant park on a brisk spring night , preparing to run three miles with a few hundred friends .
clubs were not my thing , never had been .
a booty call implies i only want one thing from you . ''
` ` school is n't really my thing . ''
if cam had only wanted one thing from me , his actions would have told me so .
every day i would get stronger and the pain and weakness in my body would give way to a warrior capable of going into the pits of hell and achieving the only thing in this world that i wanted .
ahh , the thing that mattered most to the monster .
` ` is fun not your thing ? ''
` ` that 's the thing , romeo .
with a roar , i lunged forward , sweeping my arm across his desk with only one thing in my aim .
addicts isolated themselves so they only had one thing in their life and that was whatever they were addicted to .
she focused on only one thing : her son .
but if all went well , he 'd get the one thing he wanted above everything else : an invitation to become a member of the starlin group .
but there 's one thing i need from you . ''
` ` so , you may have a seat on the board of starlin governors if you 'll do one thing for me , one very simple thing . ''
here was the one thing he 'd promised himself : never to allow again anyone to chain him down .
i only want one thing , to find my friend .
he withdrew from marguerite 's mind in order to make certain of one thing : whether or not he could replay the vision in his mind .
i was intent on one thing , and i caused you a heap of distress .
she knew one thing for certain , she was not going to like what her father had to say .
` ` only for one thing . ''
` ` i must know one thing , '' she said .
` ` look , threesomes are n't my thing .
i was n't sure how i had pictured the night , but i had never been enthused about the party to begin with , so i was struggling with my emotions , my feelings of jealousy and hopelessness that even if tyler was interested in me , it was for one thing only .
` ` rory , the thing is , you 're this amazing person , and no one ever really gets to see it because you hold yourself back from everyone .
that had never been his thing .
he was happy for saxon if that was his thing , but johnny did n't like to take orders .
` ` that 's the thing with drugged punch though .
and only good for one thing . ''
` ` the thing is , johnny , why do you always look at every woman and think it has to be either a hookup or eternity ?
her thing was organizing the band .
baking was my new thing , especially at night when the darkness pressed in on me .
my head can only be cleared with one thing .
` ` but the thing is , dad , is it 's a big thing , and we need to be prepared .
` ` if bray has one thing going for him- '' ` ` besides the obvious ? ''
she had to focus on one thing only now : keeping her head on straight and staying alive .
now he focused on one thing : keeping his brain locked away from the sadistic bastards who 'd been working him over .
shielding ginger , he pivoted left and right , ascertaining one thing for certain .
he could n't dodge the dark - cloud feeling that the night would only accomplish one thing .
even if paige mystified him , he 'd discovered one thing during the past week and a half .
which meant going for broke on the fix with the one thing they 'd never tried .
five h unter sat in molly 's kitchen , asking her to give him a break because relationships were n't and never had been his thing .
i thought you had one thing in mind : the fast track toward partnership . ''
even if the guys wore suits instead of an out - of - work plumber 's overalls , they were after the same thing .
it all came down to the same thing .
he could n't stick with one thing very long , be it his small hometown , a relationship , or a monotonous job .
circular arguments were n't his thing .
because you 're right about one thing .
` ` karaoke is n't my thing , '' sam muttered .
the only thing he had going for him - they had going for them - was this secure building .
interpersonal skills were n't his thing and now she knew it , too .
i ca n't stick to one thing .
` ` one thing first . ''
` ` which makes him good for one thing only . ''
somehow they managed to make money , but then they got bored and were on to the next thing .
that this was the thing you were hiding from me ?
but you have to do one thing for me before you go . ''
they were driven by one thing and one thing only - their cocks .
he 'd been motivated by one thing , and one thing alone .
he 'd been motivated by one thing , and one thing alone .
all his time , all his thought , all his soul was bent on one thing : avenging his parents .
mickey o'connor might be a very dangerous river pirate and the most notorious man in london at the moment - and winter might dislike the man quite intensely - but he did know one thing : ` ` he loves silence and silence loves him .
well , but that was the thing , was n't it ?
we fought for the same thing , after all : our lives . ''
i trusted these people with the most important thing in my life , it was something i 'd never done before , but as bishop held my gaze i knew i was doing the right thing .
the fighting was intense , an explosion of violence , and sam just held on to one thing .
i thought we both wanted the same thing out of our relationship .
the thing is , mari ...
and that was the thing .
skyler set her mind on one thing only - staying with dimitri , following that faint trail back to him .
` ` one last thing , '' zev said .
the thing is we do n't know if it 's a hoax , '' he explained .
all gavin ... every ounce of the man wanted one thing .
patience was not her thing .
black , toxic smoke billow from it into the heavens but perhaps the most troubling was the absence of one thing .
` ` this is the thing .
i am only hungry for one thing .
i am quiet and stealthy and i am only thinking of one thing .
the only thing she was left with was to think of some way to outsmart their captor .
women , especially mortal women , were the last thing on his mind .
by helping her , he 'd lost the one thing he wanted most .
there was only one thing he cared about .
his heart thundered in his chest because he was so very close to the one thing he wanted most .
` ` connor , what 's the one thing you want most in life ? ''
he could only focus on one thing then - skye .
` ` i ' m talking about the thing that matters most to me ! ''
` ` but you have to promise me one thing . ''
but he had needed victor 's help for one thing ... finding her .
he had the one thing he wanted most , and he was n't about to let go .
the important thing is to get back up so you can fight another day .
` ` son , there 's one thing you need to know about women . ''
i do n't bother answering , my brain focused on only one thing : get andie to the hospital .
one - night stands have never really been my thing . ''
only one thing is driving me now ; i just need to get this feeling out of me and save myself from drowning in madness .
` ` an audience is n't really my thing . ''
he was taking the one thing in this world that mattered to him .
before they left , she had to know one thing .
but the primals were so close to the one thing they wanted most - sabine 's blood .
because the thing that could kill him was the thing he needed more than breath .
` ` before you go tossing me into some safe house , there 's one thing you should know . ''
` ` i ' m tired of men looking at me and only wanting one thing . ''
he was so close to the thing he wanted most .
patrick ... his thing was pictures .
he was so close to the one thing he wanted most .
because he had the one thing that he 'd wanted most .
when all along , the one thing he needed was right in front of him .
not her thing .
not really his thing .
there was one thing she had to know right away .
` ` i would never wear those to court- '' ` ` trust me , i looked at those shoes and wanted one thing . ''
the wolf shoved and clawed his way to freedom as he pushed to get to the one thing he needed so desperately .
the only thing that mattered to him .
the pain of the shift burned over him , familiar , white - hot , and soon he was running on all fours , with paws instead of hands , and he tossed back his head and howled for the one thing he wanted most in the world .
we all want the same thing , sloane .
` ` here 's the thing , sloane , '' roger says conversationally , even as small black dots are starting to appear in the corners of my vision .
heights were n't my thing .
studying just was n't his thing .
rope climbing - not my thing .
` ` that 's the thing , '' he says .
but the main reason he forced himself to endure that hell and resist claiming this one thing he wanted more than anything else was that she could find herself being burdened with a patient instead of a partner .
and there was really only one thing he could do if he wanted his mate - the only thing that mattered to him - to live a full , happy life : leave that life .
his wolf , his body , his soul - they all rejoiced in what she was doing , and they wanted one thing , and one thing only : to claim her right back .
and there was one thing she had planned for tonight .
` ` that 's the thing , though , flintstone - she 's not in a state anymore .
that 's all very fascinating , but you 're forgetting one very important thing . ''
what taryn was thankful for was that she and her wolf were in perfect accord on one thing - there would be no begging her mate for more no matter how bad things were .
` ` one last thing , '' she said to lance .
` ` but you 're forgetting one very important thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing , though , covington , '' said sam .
` ` that 's the thing , you probably have ; you just had n't known it .
yeah , well , handing over total control was n't my thing .
` ` what is your thing , anastasia ? ''
i have to get one thing ready for him - the first edition thomas hardy books are still on the shelves in the living room .
i do have to ask you one thing though . ''
i 'd figured out that all guys just wanted one thing .
if there is one thing tricia has pounded into me over the years , it 's not to make the same mistake she did .
he came here for one thing .
logan wanted one thing from me , one thing , and i 'd already mucked it up .
` ` well , yes , but i 'd much rather solve all of this through placid forensics work - even though i know that 's not your thing . ''
` ` we do want the same thing .
but her offer of help had made me think of one thing i did want very badly : getting back to sydney .
both of their gazes are focused on the same thing : adelina , who sits in a corner with michel and practices weaving threads of her energy into small , familiar objects .
` ` but the thing is ... there are more important things than being pretty . ` `
` ` the thing is , '' claire said at last , ` ` it gets harder .
the thing was , some men needed killing .
` ` one thing more , master ridley , '' he said , and , with a glance at buck , drew out the identity disks .
there were plenty of intelligent women on this campus , including sorority girls , if that was his thing - but this girl ?
amber screamed again , thankfully not sounding any further than she had seconds ago , and i turned and ran towards her voice - away from the bonfire , away from my sure thing for the night , cursing rick thompson and my conscience .
people , parties , crowds : that 's my thing .
for three rounds of three minutes each , you get to ignore everything else in the world and focus on the one thing in front of you .
i was in it for one thing and one thing only and they had to be okay with that .
i was in it for one thing and one thing only and they had to be okay with that .
gripped by rage , but also tired of always hiding and burying the thing that haunts me most , i pull off the highway and slam the range rover into park .
it 's the only thing i ' ve got going for me in life .
i ' m sure you ' ve heard the stories , so you know that i ' m here for one thing and one thing only : to kill you . ''
i ' m sure you ' ve heard the stories , so you know that i ' m here for one thing and one thing only : to kill you . ''
` ` commando 's not my thing .
i usually have one thing in mind .
i thought that was your thing . ''
` ` sex is my thing .
that is not my thing . ''
now , i was only in the mood for one thing .
he had always been after one thing .
` ` networking really is your thing , is n't it , '' she said .
but all the guys i know only want one thing from me .
my body wants one thing , my mind something else , my heart a different thing yet .
' that 's the thing .
' the thing is- ' ' get off me- ' ' make me .
import - export was the thing , he told jess confidently , arriving home from the pub one night .
that was the thing : when you put someone down all the time , eventually they stopped listening to the sensible stuff .
' the thing is , it would need someone who is really good at coding .
' here is the thing .
jake slater will always only want one thing from women , and that 's sex .
` ` was he like the typical older guy who dated younger girls to get one thing ? ''
i lost the most important thing in the world to me - the very reason to get out of bed and make the music that i did . ''
` ` that 's just the thing , logan .
daily yoga and meal planning is n't my thing . ''
i ' ve done it plenty of times and it was always with one thing in mind - to convey to the woman i was with that she was nothing more than an object i was using for my own gratification .
` ` nah , school was n't really his thing . ''
he had one thing right .
` ` i ' ve got just the thing : benji 's house of noodles .
the thing he has worked so hard for all these years .
` ` i just need you girls to do one thing for me , okay ? ''
modeling had never been her thing .
harper 's mom and evil stepsister are only after one thing .
now , i was making plans for the one thing that meant more to me than my own life .
brask knew these two men were more than just thieves , that these were drisks assassins , men in the guild that were meant for only one thing : murder .
at that point it dawned on him as if a light flashed on in his brain that the one thing he was chasing that eluded him for so many years was a successful job , which was now at his fingertips ; and he was nt about to let it go .
any other woman , any other time , and he d leap at the trill ; but tonight , one thing held him back -- her unpredictable authority within the firm .
that s the thing .
she had to know one thing .
that s the thing , antal .
his mind had already dulled , his attention focused on one thing and one thing alone : helping antal justus from within the labyrinth .
his mind had already dulled , his attention focused on one thing and one thing alone : helping antal justus from within the labyrinth .
doing so forced him to wait a short time for the cell to recharge by way of steam , but it gave the sniper one thing that every soldier needs .
the thing is , alexa .
a faint ticking drew him to his bedside drawer , but before he d half - opened it , the memory of something illicit inside , a pocket watch that kept time for events he dare nt go near today , he slid it shut and bounded downstairs , focused on only one thing : presents .
` ` one thing mr president . ''
demolition teams could go in and plant charges large enough to damage each vortport beyond repair , but unfortunately that would accomplish only one thing .
victor hesitated for a second but then pulled himself together and continued , there s just one thing i ca nt understand .
backstreet meka dealers are only after one thing .
izzian understood he 'd finally gotten the thing he 'd fought for that day in mrs . kleevox 's office .
bob replies , ` ` well , the thing is , when you harness gravity , you harness everything .
he stared at the ceiling , having no idea how all of this was going to work out , but he did know one thing for certain : he had to get home .
with the long - range sensors still not repaired it was impossible to tell what lay beyond the next sandy rise but that did nt matter to the main controller , she would move ever forward with one thing looping thru her programing , to find her command driver , to find her lost son .
there s only one thing remaining .
there is one thing governor .
there s one thing i want and one thing only a ship .
one thing was clear to me , this situation was out of control .
the thing is , how are we going to learn it ?
hydra had only one thing in mindand that was to accomplish their mission .
but there was one thing the usm had nt counted on : my inexplicably large ego that would demand their attention .
i only need your help for one thing , i paused to let him mentally prepare himself for the worst , i need a j14 - 7 .
this is only about one thing .
` ` one thing i do n't get though , '' trixi began , pausing before she continued .
that was the thing with razz .
of course when she told harry about her big date , he had made a sarcastic remark saying that mikael was a dumb shmuck only out for one thing .
mikael did only want one thing .
she s trying to have a meaningful conversation but he s just fixed on one thing , her body .
he wants one thing and one thing alone .
they ve got one thing going for them .
` ` your fallacious assumptions almost cost you the thing you wanted : zhun'mar 's heir on the throne .
the tac squad that attacked us was only interested in one thing .
there is one thing that remains a constantjhovahkan is still on a mission to destroy all zelinites , but now he wants to conquer the entire galaxy and to put them under ackturrian rule guided by his father , qiaoshan .
i am here for one thing and one thing only ; the man who calls himself gauntlet .
i am here for one thing and one thing only ; the man who calls himself gauntlet .
` ` one thing i need to know , boy , '' he said coldly .
you must do one thing for me .
there was only one thing this woman could prioritize and allocate her energy towards .
you must be focused on one thing , and one thing onlythe preservation of your company .
as the guardians patrolled , they were looking for two things : unkempt faces and people wearing hunter green military jackets a truly unfortunate set of circumstances for milo because he happened to fit the profile perfectly .
treasure huntings not my thing .
` ` this is the one thing of mine .
yeah , i just decided the thing , oh yeah that one !
well the old man did one thing right in this life .
he knew speed would nt take it personally , since speed only had time for one thing : moonball .
i ' m waiting for corrigan to get back to me right now , but i want you to remember one thing .
you gained one thing .
making good time was central to broomstick , he knew the rate the toad army could keep , they would not falter in their resolve , would not tire , and were raised and trained for only one thing , and that is to serve their inglorious king , their minds were as clouded as a foggy day at the beach .
` ` but i do have one thing that he 'll never have .
true , they were both after the same thing right now , but that did nt quell the unease roiling inside him .
i m not trying to be a leader , i only needed one thing .
finally he retrieved the parachute , allowing him to turn and concentrate on only one thing ; running for his life .
alright , there is one thing left on the list , he said as he lowered himself to his knees to lean over the inscribed flagstone , but i m warning you , its a really , really long shot .
all he could do was focus on one thing , breathing .
this could involve a suite of enhancements such as elbow and shoulder cap insertions , shin , foot , forearm and finger elongation they all served to make people look more spidery it was beautiful , if that was your thing .
up til now , we ve been focussed on one thing : survival , but now we know : that may not be possible unless we too leave the planet and right now , we ca nt do that .
we all want the same thing and your skills and talents will be required in getting there that means everyone here .
of course , captain , jeff agreed and added , there is one thing i would ask of you as well .
snowball had got one thing right .
the young navigator said not , for the one thing he really needed was help in controlling his own fear .
he fights evil for you , oh lord , and we would like to ask one thing from you .
the main thing was to fulfil the assignment , everything else was secondary .
the thing was , she would only get one chance at it and if she fluffed it , she was a goner .
singing in public was never my thing ; too shy , i guess .
he succeeded in one thing , at least .
amy , you ca nt just have one thing in your life .
i try my hardest to stay still , and do one thing at a time , one thing only .
- winston churchill with the ca ' ra gone , for the moment there was only one thing on the minds of the team : their fallen friends .
head for the uncontaminated areas of the ship and seal them offit is the only thing for our survival . ''
and ornenkais mind was abruptly intent upon one thing and one thing only : to remain with alessia by any means necessary .
and ornenkais mind was abruptly intent upon one thing and one thing only : to remain with alessia by any means necessary .
to sally that could only mean one thing , he was going to rescue shawn .
that s the thing , joey said .
lets get one thing straight muscle head .
* * * * * from the adama journals : i realized one thing about leadership during the period of exodus from the colonies .
it is getting in the way of you achieving the one thing you told me and brynn that you wanted to do more than anything else in the world .
i sensed that my hold on janna was the only thing keeping adam from ripping jamess heart in half , so i reached out my hand towards janna and sent her walking briskly towards the window .
broad walks forward down the streets as they hopped into a waiting car with one thing in mind , his pursuit of the objective he began long ago , power , control , hopeless conquest .
* * * six hours , 534 failed alias searches , and four cups of coffee later , one thing was certain : razia was in serious trouble .
` ` couple things , '' sage grinned .
i think its the thing .
and i had one thing going for me .
shawz had one thing on his mind .
let me ask you one thing before we go , paul said .
there was only one thing in his agenda .
most times i d say they want profit above all else , but sometimes it seems to me they want one thing even more .
the most important thing was to save the people she could and then work with the invaders .
packers have one thing most humans do nt .
in all of the planning , he 'd forgotten to do one thing as commander .
one thing that is worth dying for , no matter the odds of success .
i ve got just the thing : sweet dreams !
yes , charles could very well have all these things ; but he only truly had one desire , one thing that he went through all this trouble for .
you said you needed to ask me two things , what s the second thing ?
just remember one thing for me .
my eyes focused only on one thing , i had to get to the ocean and fast .
` ` one thing first , '' gaultier murmured .
the thing is , what kind of people are we if we know something bad is going to happen and we do nothing to stop it ?
she did nt think of it in terms of alpha male and territory , but it came down to the same thing .
clothes designing and artifice were my thing and talent .
we all crave one thing , regardless of our race and status and beliefs and occupation and appearance .
we came here for one thing and its up to us to finish it .
hey , showers free now so if you guys wan na head down and , you know , do your thing , she said .
we were built for one thing and one thing only , i wish we had all died in the war .
we were built for one thing and one thing only , i wish we had all died in the war .
humanity is expert at one thing , war .
and sometimes men , but that was nt really his thing .
they took to the caves and thus the time of the ada era began when our species was beaten down to focus on only one thing : survival .
that 's the thing , tors clenched his fists , we have no control .
getting on is what old miss forster in ps 89 way back in the 30s i saw her again a while ago but much fainter called a phrasal verb , an ambiguous one because getting on , among other things , also means making progress , in my case to one grim thing only , lets face it .
` ` that 's the thing , bud ' .
she was all that he had left , the one thing in his life worth fighting for , and now she was gone .
the one thing he had cared about above all else .
i do nt know but they have lost the one thing they were willing to die for , he replied , as he glanced over at the crater where malmstrom afb once stood .
he 'd always wished for another talent , but outside of curse words killing was his thing .
the thing is , we need people like you .
and because of that , he also understood that there was one thing left for him to do one thing standing at the brink of the new cycle .
as jim was leaving , he paused for one thing more , and kevin , put on the bulletin that anyone we catch sleeping on guard duty will suffer an unmerciful fate at the hands of their king .
we both want the same thing here , so why do nt you just play along , ok ?
these things were made for one thing , and one thing only - to kill , and they were unbelievably good at it .
these things were made for one thing , and one thing only - to kill , and they were unbelievably good at it .
despite these setbacks , he still had one thing working in his favor .
maybe it was the coughing syrup starting to affect his thinking , or perhaps finally being alone , but there was one more thing julian wanted .
rolling over on the ground to avoid a second ribbon as it flew down from his right , mantra jumped back to his feet , his mind thundering with an alert tenseness.he swept his gaze about , trying to scout out the only remaining thing that mattered to him in the face of this predicament vestra and qyro were both standing on opposite corners of the large cave , both close enough to reach him .
our methods might be a bit different , but we all want the same thing .
that s the thing , i say , my mouth inches from hers .
see , the thing you need to know , bailey , is that laura and the girls have this thing .
he would create a new race , as aes and anslin had asked , but the deceptive nameless asked for one thing more .
her impulsive passion had unraveled her long secret endeavors and eventually lost her the chance at the one thing she desired : death in battle .
her eyes rolled aimlessly , never focusing on one thing .
an unstoppable enemy that could not be reasoned with , and was after one thing and one thing alone : total annihilation of biological entities .
an unstoppable enemy that could not be reasoned with , and was after one thing and one thing alone : total annihilation of biological entities .
` ` the important thing is this we keep up the good work we ' ve been doing so far . ''
there was one thing he wanted to hear since he arrived and one thing only .
mike spoke up , we may be young , but everett has one thing going for him .
during that whole time there was one thing max wanted to do - he wanted to give jennie a classic wedding .
these creatures were after one thing and one thing only ; control of the universe such as they had once known .
these creatures were after one thing and one thing only ; control of the universe such as they had once known .
ariel , before the entire kitchen empties out in the gardens to find us , i need to quickly tell you two things .
` ` but selling is n't really my thing . ''
keep our minds busy , that 's the thing .
obviously , the thing was to keep him talking .
we do know one thing of crucial importance .
he was still doing something , bending over something , doing silly things and not seeing the important thing .
` ` the same thing i wanted to know two years ago .
there was only one thing that donald needed to know .
` ` i have one thing to do first .
then jessie said , ` ` there 's just one thing , '' and stopped .
one thing only .
dors said , ` ` the thing is , sisters , that we tribespeople do n't know how to use the kitchen . ''
they want one thing from us !
` ` one last thing , '' raz stops me , then hesitates .
` ` if there 's one thing i ' m good at- '' i began .
there was one thing chartrukian knew for certain - if strathmore found out the sys - sec lab was unmanned , it would cost the absent rookie his job .
` ` before we go on , i want to emphasize one thing , '' fernandez said .
she was beginning to see the vital thing here , scytale realized .
and there below me was the thing my friends had told me about : water as far as i could see and farther .
only one thing stood paramount here for the bene gesserit , she told herself .
` ` one thing more , '' the voice said .
she took waff 's stony glare for agreement and added : ` ` for one thing , you will share with us everything you learn about those scattering - spawned whores who call themselves honored matres . ''
` ` one last thing , '' morris said .
` ` and the thing is , '' he said , ` ` how else do we explain it ?
he flipped the computer to the external monitor just in time to show her one of their stabilizers being ripped off the right side and with it went the last thing he wanted to see go .
` ` see that 's the thing ... you ca n't look at someone and tell what they ' ve been through .
why could n't i have one thing for myself ?
mark thought constantly about how there was one thing they always had .
` ` one last thing , though .
` ` one final thing . ''
` ` i have to do one last thing . ''
he focused on the only thing he could : making it to that door .
` ` and one more thing , '' chip said , unfolding a printed t - shirt across his chest .
even before the parasite switched off my romantic life , taking women to fancy restaurants had n't been my thing .
that 's not my thing ; i do n't enjoy submission , but maybe i 'll give it a try , this once .
hon will extend docking privileges to anyone who is n't corp , but leaving ... that 's the thing .
though i ' m intoxicated as always by the pulsation of energy , the wildfire blazing against our hull , i train my senses on one thing only : my goal .
` ` but the thing is , lie down with dogs , get up with fleas , you know what i mean ? ''
not my thing . ''
` ` but you 're wrong about one thing .
but she could n't be shure that was the thing .
` ` i have one more thing for you , '' he said , ` ` on'y it was yours all along - yours to carry and lay down when you get to where you 're bound . ''
` ` all right , but roland - before we cross the street and go into that dogan , i want your promise on one thing . ''
facts were her thing .
he came forward anyway , briefly , because there was one thing he had to know .
he cared about one thing and one thing only and that was getting the fuck out .
he cared about one thing and one thing only and that was getting the fuck out .
heroin was my thing .
she did n't need a telescope to see that the really bad man was now also the really sick man , and maybe the really bad man was willing to spend a few days or even a few weeks torturing a legless negro woman - way things looked around here , entertainment was mighty hard to come by - but she thought the really sick man only wanted one thing , and that was to get his whitebread ass out of here .
fowler gave him a queer look at this last comment , and then he hurried off down the platform toward the luggage van , turning back once to call , ` ` remember , a good strong draught of brandy 's the thing . ''
` ` boating 's the thing in a case like this . ''
this is the thing , mel .
his existence in the cellar , since that winter day , he been devoted to one thing , survival .
` ` you 're all forgetting the most important thing of all , '' a new voice said .
` ` um , there 's one thing , '' he said , shouldering his guitar and screwing up his face , nervous and flickering again .
um , the thing is ... we want you to play bass . ''
` ` the only important thing is to kill gallow , '' bushka muttered .
the thing was , everybody thought it was a big joke .
` ` but the thing is , boys do n't like girls who are too smart . ''
the thing is that - '' ` ` what is it ? ''
his attention is focused on one thing and one thing only : delivering the crazy ex - copper 's shopper and then getting away unscathed .
his attention is focused on one thing and one thing only : delivering the crazy ex - copper 's shopper and then getting away unscathed .
2 hannibal the german shepherd saw one thing and one thing only : the rolled - up newspaper which fell from cary ripton 's hand as the shotgun blast pushed him off his bicycle seat and out of his life .
botany was never my thing .
tak is right about one thing : however the two of them may stack up in the matter of wits , seth is no longer a match for tak 's raw strength .
but the thing is , the light has to be flashing at a certain speed .
` ` her new thing is thirty - nine - letter phrases .
the important thing is to maintain a sane course , to realize he 's a trickster . '
` ` will you do one thing for me ? ''
` ` and you forget one thing , '' he continued , after waiting .
it compelled him toward one thing alone , to stretch out , on his back , alone , upstairs in his hotel room .
always keep em talking , that was the thing .
i do n't want to convene the lit class again , clyde , but i 'll tell you one thing about my trade c writing stories in the first person is a funny , tricky business .
but the thing was , dodee had sworn off weed .
even if older women - much older - were his thing ... three days after her husband of thirty - plus years was killed ? '
the thing i must focus on - the important point here - is why . ''
without that wild conjunction of mliss and her kinky desires , they would never have discovered the thing about the weapon , never have found this world and the way to isolate it forever .
` ` that 's the thing , '' butters said .
then the passenger said , ` ` at least one thing is accomplished .
the thing is , you ca n't do that without becoming them , just a little .
she 'd come up here intent on only one thing : getting the business done as quickly as possible , a barely explained rite that was apt to be painful and sure to be shameful .
beyond it was a magnificent view northwest - the bad grass , the desert , hanging rock , eyebolt canyon - but scenic vistas were the last thing on sheemie 's mind as he led capriccioso cautiously into rhea 's yard not long after noon .
` ` one last thing , '' he said as they adjusted their saddle girths .
` ` the time agents care about one thing , and one thing only : the future .
` ` but there 's one thing i demand before i protect you further .
` ` one thing more , '' he said warmly .
` ` you see , the thing is , '' said adam , ` ` this thing is , it 's like .. well , you know greasy johnson . ''
only one thing .
` ` one thing before we go . ''
` ` first thing 's first : pie is not pie or any other pastry .
his left hip smashed into the wall , almost blinding him with pain , but he ignored it , concentrating on one thing : keeping his grip on the rope , willing his ten fingers to clench tight .
he wanted only one thing from the man .
but she knew she had to do one thing first .
` ` only one last thing . ''
painter knew only one thing for certain as he sat in his gown , all but naked next to her , exposed down to the level of his dna .
they tested the bardsey apple and determined two things .
tears welled again as her hands found her belly - but she was certain of one thing .
the thing was these men were amateurs .
and when i was down there , i knew that the thing that i wanted the most was to get back to you . ''
the thing is , my whole job is making her '' -he jerked his head toward the closed door- '' calm and happy .
` ` well , '' he said , ` ` i think we just found the only thing that 'll make me look forward to getting there . ''
` ` that 's just the thing , planning 's got nothing to do with it .
` ` the thing now is keeping you and the witness safe . ''
every resource i have , every person under my employ , is devoted to one thing .
the thing is , ethan , this is kind of a big deal .
ethan said , ` ` one last thing .
as ethan started toward the door , alan said , ` ` one last thing . ''
` ` one thing only , '' graulas growled through clenched lips .
` ` you can do one thing for me . ''
before we begin , coulter said , shifting his feet as if he were feeling a tad uncomfortable , i want to make one thing clear .
courage was his thing .
neither of them seemed to possess the ability to focus on one thing for any length of time .
but the figment in his mind had been right about one thing : one way or the other , he was going to die without help .
the mass migration of wacite refugees across the river was effectively depopulating northern wacune , and without serfs to work the land , garteon 's conquest had n't gained him a single thing .
' i needs must warn ye all of one thing , however , ' cyradis said .
` ` ah - one thing , your majesty , '' atesca said .
ariga was tempted , but this was the one thing ekial had warned all his friends about .
there 's only one thing that 's important to me , and it 's what i ' m doing right now . ''
` ` the first thing is to relax , '' she replied , ` ` and think about sand and rock . ''
softball was never my thing before but i kinda liked it . ''
i appreciated the power , but it was never really my thing .
` ` i have other things in mind for this place , but i need to get those wall parts . ''
my brain was focused on only one thing - the man in front of me with the evil intention of taking me down .
even after all she 'd experienced , history just was n't her thing .
he was so overwhelmed by all that had happened that he 'd forced himself to focus on only one thing : locating his friend .
michael had only one thing to go on when it came to finding agent weber and forcing her to meet with him , and he was banking on the fact that lifeblood deep had been created to replicate the real world as much as humanly possible .
` ` one last thing , '' he said at the door .
one last thing remained before they could depart : the thing that they had come for .
` ` and one more thing , '' the chancellor adds as i ' m about to hang up .
only one thing matters anymore .
women are good for only one thing , and you 're such a fool you do n't even know what it is . ''
she and tomasz are trying to get him standing again , but the thing , the important thing , it 's right on the tip of his tongue , it 's - ` ` valentine , '' he says .
only one thing mattered .
` ` one thing at a time , '' teddy said .
the thing is , we do n't print stamps of living people . ''
i do have one thing going for me .
the thing is , they last for months , they cover huge sections of the planet , and they make the atmosphere thick with dust . ''
before leaving the convention center she had to do one more thing .
i just ask one thing of you .
well , if you ask me , that guy only has one thing in mind .
it is different for everyone , but the important thing is that you find something that works .
becky may be quick , but coasters are more my thing than hers .
interrupting seems to be my thing today .
one thing he was sure of absolutely positive of he would not fail .
but not just any thirst it was a thirst for one thing and one thing only .
but not just any thirst it was a thirst for one thing and one thing only .
i m a peaceful man only wanting one thing to sustain me until my . , kodare grunts heavily .
if my aunt was to be believed , they were all after just one thing , so that kiss could have been part of a plan to get into my pants .
one thing did keep nagging at me , though .
` ` yeah , ' he 's only after one thing , ' right ? ''
she paced back and forth , biting her nails and trying to come up with an idea , but she kept coming back to the same thing .
their sisters only good for one thing .
the fifth table in a row that she waited on wanted the same thing as the previous four : a round of bairds specialty .
probably electra was meaning the same thing as the host : that eric needed to invite the young lady for a dance .
somewhere deep inside my brain diary , the events of the following day all led back to one thing .
the last thing he needed on this expedition was another opportunity in which he could lose what little credence he had left .
kira had realized one thing , she needed to learn control .
by the way , you forgot one very important thing about being back at school .
as for what he asked me , he wanted to know the same thing everyone else wants to know , what i am .
he did nt either ; he was here for only one thing .
~*~ working out had never been my thing .
poison from the door guard is nt something to take lightly ... its designed for one thing zachs voice slightly trembled .
so they were nt aliens after all , just a superior human race that wanted us for one thing and one thing only breeding .
extreme sports was always his thing , not mine .
` ` tasha ... '' ` ` father , there 's one thing you 're forgetting here !
but it became very apparent after just a few minutes that climbing really was n't his thing .
there is only thing i must know before our departure he breathed in deeply and let out an exaggerated sigh .
he could nt focus on just one thing , muscles aching , head throbbing .
her mind was on one thing and one thing only : make it to the archers with the flag .
her mind was on one thing and one thing only : make it to the archers with the flag .
they were boys , and all boys only had one thing on the brain .
` ` but the rage demons are only after one thing , power .
that s the thing , nothing happened to me .
he concentrated and thought of one thing ; sole .
no , guinevere retorted with a definite sneer , the only thing i need is to rid the world of vermin such as you .
i had nt expected there to be activities ; usually when a guy takes a girl to a hotel it is for one thing and one thing only .
i had nt expected there to be activities ; usually when a guy takes a girl to a hotel it is for one thing and one thing only .
those guys will want just one thing from tonight , and even if you do , too , the guy i replaced myself with is a whole lot better .
he wants what he wants , and ever since i ve known him , scrim has only wanted one thing : brains , brains , and more brains .
there is one more thing we must look for in this town , sphergol said , and michael relayed the message .
i have one thing to do first , and then ill meet you there .
aidan squeezes my hand , but i can only think about one thingand one thing only : helping my pap .
that was the thing with jack .
this was so his thing and he d have loved giving us mini lectures on what all this meant .
despite what was happening all around her , despite the chaotic world that was swirling behind her , she was still only focused on one thing : she needed to return to the forest .
besides , guys just want one thing .
vlad stopped fighting tobias influence and gave away the one thing he had always craved .
zombie films had never been his thing .
she did nt care about that , since religion had never really been her thing , but kai seemed really interested in it .
for some reason i got the impression killing was nt his thing .
the thing is todosomething with your anger .
jazmine crawford only wants one thing : to be invisible.for jazmine , its a lot easier to take out her hearing aid and drift along in life pretending that nothings wrong than it is to admit that she s heartbroken .
a day full of love and happiness had only made me think of one thing for hours on end .
now only one thing stood in his way , he must eliminate the sniper or lose face .
billy , you re forgetting one thing , barret said , how could someone have followed us through into two different plains ?
being a big city girl , the small island town was nt her thing , but she wanted to get the full feel of the place so she could explain to her dad in detail why they were better off in chicago .
but that s the thing with a big hospital , as i m sure you will appreciate .
well , then we 're fighting for the same thing .
she had one thing to ask , she wished for a task .
and what kind of option is that if it means i have to give up the one thing i ve always wanted to do with my life ?
but whenever these thoughts come into my head , i just have to remember what holly told me that day at cocktails / mocktails that being me , nessa , is the important thing .
he could see it in grimdins eyes , that even though the dwarf would never surrender , he too knew what would happen , for the warriors had tramped , and they had reached him , and they had come to him for one thing only , the thing that steven could nt bare to acknowledge , and he could nt stand any longer to watch .
not a slave , not a lap dog , not some flirty wolf - boy who only wants one thing .
just remember , the prophecy about you was only clear on one thing .
its like we want the same thing , to see everything .
the thing that you need to learn about women , josiah , is that they are unpredictable at best .
he had traveled just over a week from the city of valen for onlyone thing ... rocks .
` ` i 'd say it was more likely they thought the money that my business and i could bringthem was the important thing . ''
men with beady eyes who populated the pubs and had only one thing on their minds .
your simian qualities were good for one thing and one thing only .
your simian qualities were good for one thing and one thing only .
henry questioned , trying to divert his interrogators attention away from the one thing they really did have on henry .
there was only one thing worth breaking into the chapel for : the book .
so that the horse is just about bursting with strength and energy and can only think about one thing running .
i did n't look behind me to see if the rest of them were following , i was only focusing on one thing : getting in the car .
however , the queen renders chamber loomed before themthe one thing they had to accomplish while they were inside the nest .
you know security was my thing .
even if shopping does nt turn out to be your thing , there will be a lot of kids there .
the thing is , without trying to sound big - headed which you will , smirked ryan .
teen online groups were never my thing so i only half listened to her .
coras got at least one thing right tonight .
it was his thing .
i only came here for one thing , celeste .
i do nt know , i tried to be coy , but knew that i would say no even if avalon did ask ; dancing was not really my thing .
i did nt stop to make sure seth followed me , although i hoped he did , but my eyes were glued on one thing and one thing only .
i did nt stop to make sure seth followed me , although i hoped he did , but my eyes were glued on one thing and one thing only .
the one thing that oliver wanted the most was the journal , so she would hide it somewhere safe so he would nt be able to harm her or her friends if he wanted to get hold of it .
facebook engineers wanted one thing from the open compute project the possibility of improving their technology through it so ... after the attack took place they got information about weak places of their system we hacked into the data centre control system and re - customized the vent settings , allowing outside air into the facility .
cheerleading was nt really her thing .
only one thing in the world is important to me right now .
the streets of krakelyn are a foggy blur as i walk , all my attention focused on getting one thing : my morning cup of coffee .
thousands of individuals , all looking for the same thing : stability in an unstable world .
` ` we do n't expect anything from you , '' i continue over the noise , ` ` but i do need to ask of you one thing . ''
the first thing was to get a grip on his magic before he burned down the restaurant .
and , do nt forget the most important thing , hugo added .
the thing is , injustice happens all over the world .
all you care about is one thing , and once you get that thing , you wo nt want me anymore .
all you care about is one thing , and once you get that thing , you wo nt want me anymore .
but then again , basketball is my thing , and it rarely fails me .
he s a jerk , but he does have one thing going for him .
he only wanted one thing from me .
okay , i have another thing for you have you noticed how the teenagers all look the same ?
tysen was the joker of the crew , always bringing comic attention to himselfhe measured up as a worthy steward , but that was my thing .
small groups were my thing , this was my zone .
think about it this way ; you re , um , releasing two hundred million very active dna cells , all with only one thing on their minds , and it only takes one to get through ... yeah , not good odds .
apologize for embarrassing him , and then reassure him that you both want the same thing : beths happiness .
the thing is , its a bomb .
i ' ve just the thing .
law was never my thing but i never argued with them until i became pregnant .
i am here for a different thing , each and every day .
his mind is clear on only one thing : he needs to get as far away as possible .
master necromancer ian barroes , a rich professor of necromantic studies , wants only one thing in this world fiona .
there was one thing that he was sure about : when the day came for them to be together , he was nt going to let her out of his grasp .
that s the thing , i said quickly .
there was only one thing remaining .
he just wanted it to end ; for the pain to stop ; for the anger to leave him but no matter how hard he tried he could not wake from the nightmare he was trapped in , could not break free from the darkness that sought to consume his very being , its power was too strong , too controlling and as another surge of rage rose inside him he tried to focus on the one thing that kept his thoughts free .
it was nt cold like she was expecting , the water warm and welcoming but as she continued down the steps she could nt breathe , the air instead escaping from her lungs in great rattling gasps as all thoughts were swept from her mind , and she focused on the one thing that was keeping her moving ; lucas .
she followed lucas from the room her doubts still closing in on her as she headed towards the one thing she feared most of all .
once we were over and ended , he told me , there is one more thing remaining .
they have one thing on their mind and before you know it , you 're pregnant , playing house and they are lying to you .
making friends has never been my thing , that 's why i left just one back home .
they could only be settled by one thing : an answer to my only question why ?
after the platinum discovery , the past two years have been filled with peculiar mining acquisitions , but they all have one thing in commoncarbon .
you have the one thing that azrael wants above all else .
on the one hand we ve got walter , doing his best to bring about a twentieth century renaissance of figurative painting , and on the other we ve got barney trying to do away with painting altogether , saying the idea is the thing , persuading us to spend so much time thinking about it that well end up doing none at all .
you know the thing . '
` ` but do n't forget , they have one thing that no one else in frieda 's or mr . coagulate 's army have . ''
he had taken away my brother and now he was a trigger squeeze away from taking the single most important thing in my life .
` ` i ' m not sure , '' admitted alexandra , ` ` pep talks are really more your thing . ''
issy is careful in putting another marshmallow on her stick , first thing we need is a good name , and since it is going to be truly international it has to be one that can easily translate to almost every language in the world yet describe its purpose in as few words as possible .
sorren lives , mordock continued , and his mind is consumed by one thing : avenging his father .
i got one more thing i got ta get outta my garage .
my boldness strengthens with each word and i compel my mind to focus on one thing : i must find out if he s like me .
the rebelling serfs must have known that the king and queen would just rebuild the villages they attacked , so they went after the one thing my parents did care about .
i force myself to let go of hendricks armthe only thing keeping me from runningand return his encouraging smile with my own uncertain one .
before he could clink his hammer on the rune again , justin called , stas one more thing .
the only thing that was keeping him going , was his desire for revenge , and his hatred of the people in charge .
she could only want one thing .
but that s the thing , trevor cried .
like you said , whether its the elders or the movement , we all want the same thing : what s best for lowsunn .
we are all after the same thing , and we will never ever stop working for you the people .
that s the thing , she whispered , leaning across the table .
she took the only thing she cared about .
the streets were deserted and we were anxious to bounce , but one last thing needed to be done .
the important thing is were grateful for what we have .
lets get one thing clear though , the old man said .
yet , even through the pain and suffering that enveloped his world , he could only focus on one thing , akhenaten .
maybe sports would be her thing , either way this was her chance to become whoever she wanted to be , she could re - invent herself .
she had done it selflessly , without provocation as she was supposed to do , for the one thing that mattered above all else love .
if that were to happen it would be catastrophic , but i only remember one thing to guide me it is a sort of a rhyme , let me recite it for you : as the spirits within , atone for their sins .
claudio had one thing in mind : to punish the empires enemies , to defeat the traitors and put a worthy man on the white throne .
the thing was to find the right lieutenant .
the main thing was not to antagonise them , but to keep talking and try to make a quiet escape .
the main thing was to gain some time , and it seemed eugeny had done that .
the main thing was to act slowly , take their time .
it did nt matter , the main thing was to make her mother and father believe in her plans .
she began running toward her apartment building , for there was just one thing clear .
he had one thing on his mind : find mack .
now they had been given the thing they wanted most -- a chance to directly attack blake guv from the very start !
when you re in that competition , you better only have one thing on your mind , jillian weinkopf , and that is kicking serious international violin butt .
the important thing is to not stop questioning .
her opponent thought he had a sure thing ; you do nt advocate killing lincoln and grant .
pete and benny knew that the thing was to create a diversion so pete could get inside and decommission the guard , so they saved themselves from some verbal abuse by simply agreeing .
she did nt say anythingthat was the thing .
i bowed out shortly thereafter , intent on only one thing : bed .
there is one thing , barb says , pulling out a pendant .
that s the thing , agreed lloyd .
i ve got a pretty catholic taste in music but hip hop has never been my thing .
one thing was made clear - if i wanted to make it back , i had best not move from my position .
the revolution had now begun and the only thing left was to get safely away .
not the thing , really .
true , he was n't entirely indifferent , but the main thing was to get this sexy girl out of the kneeling position before someone mistook him for bill clinton .
there s only one thing on my mind right now and nothing , i mean nothing is going to stop me from getting this fucker .
i managed to convince those in charge that surgery is my thing , not handing out reprimands to men who have let their feet get rotten or examining their genitals for signs of venereal disease , or seeing that rules are enforced .
you 're all forgetting one thing , you guys .
they all have just one thing in common , business .
she knows one thing though , she thinks as she turns onto the street where she is meeting jemma , this whole situation could make one hell of a film .
we were both looking for the same thing , although neither of us knew it at the time .
the man i have the privilege of accompanying on this year - long expedition has come here , not for the admiration of art , not for respect for the great painter davinci , but for one simple thing .
` ` that 's the thing , '' the boy said .
the thing is , we could share a cigarette or fag , we could talk and laugh and is n't that always enough for everyone ?
` ` there 's just one thing '' i untangled my arm from hers and walked back to the counter .
one thing was certainhe would not ask her to hypnotize him again .
she tried acting indignant but it was nt her thing .
good luck was never her thing .
i was nt really sure what my thing was , but i also was nt too concerned about it , i figured some kind of opportunity would surely present itself .
yes , i am scary , and yes i am dangerous to human kind , but there s one thing they do nt know about me or about my organization .
the principle reason they loathed me , and their single - minded motivation for wishing me dead , came down to one thing and one thing only .
but there 's one thing you need to know .
there was one thing he had learned as a private investigator .
the thing was , he never got text messages .
as tre shuffled upstairs , i made my way toward the kitchen with only one thing in mind eating food .
you think women are only good for one thing .
so while i was battling corporate goliaths , i let her walk off with the only thing i would have given my life for .
` ` one hand on the switch , boss , other on my '' ` ` artie , stay focused '' ` ` thing is , jus ' hope i remember which one to yank . ''
` ` the thing of it is , i ' m more comfortable dealing with reality , '' he went on .
the thing now was to link up , join forces .
now there 's only one thing left .
that was the thing , birth was straight this was the other thing josh struggled with on a daily basis .
the phone in my hand vibrated again as i tried to call shiina ryo , but it was akane this time ; the moment i was about to punch end call i heard the beep on my bluetooth ear device and from then on i only had one thing in my mind .
` ` one last thing , '' cried jay .
it was nt really my thing , but fortunately we did nt spend much time there anyway .
well , at least well get out and that s the main thing .
the most important thing is to discover the killer , no matter how we do it .
heres the thing , my pretty .
before leaving , mason had one more thing he wanted to do .
traffic was slow heading out of the city , probably because the weekend weather promised to be fine , and everyone had the same thing in mind : escape to the beaches or bayous .
only one thing mattered to the ornocks , which was to serve their queen .
as soon as deepa left , candice looked at her son and with a heavy heart asked simon , i know how these past two days have been very difficult for you , but i need to ask you to do one more thing for me ...
the thing was , when green needed music , he wanted to listen to it , not have half heard fragments disturbing his attention .
there have been women that have wanted to marry me , but i know they are after only one thing .
author bio when natasha house wakes up in the morning she 's got one thing on her brain : writing .
i do nt really expect to ever be in that position with a man , but okay .. they re all the same and only after one thing .
consolation has never been my thing .
the thing is , we got to sustain the groove throughout .
` ` you re forgetting one thing .
i imagine he d be making video games if money was his thing .
pottery was n't his thing .
sue was studying the womens clothes , clothes were her thing ; she had wardrobes full of them .
one thing was clear to him : whatever happened he was not going to do anything to get in trouble with the police again - or at least , he would n't get caught again .
one traumatic event , which had now been completely undone , had awoken him to the most important thing in his life .
i came here for one thing , to catch glimpse of tamed animals .
we are on an excursion , we toiled for one thing .
` ` one thing before you leave , '' harris said as they stepped over to the door .
the main thing is to keep his notes out of the papers and to make sure the public is aware that the killer tends to strike loners .
he hated answering that question , like the only thing that mattered in life was your career .
i got just the thing .
and there would never be any reason for us to butt heads , for we want the same thing : an advantageous position in the world through african american exploitation , and that we eat their flesh as well is just a bonus -- .
one thing kept ringing warning bells in the back of his mind .
leo had rubbed his forehead wearily then and asked vince for the one thing that he seriously doubted vince would deny him this early in the morning ; a coffee run .
he knew that she would expect him to remain aware that , regardless of what else happened , there was only one thing that mattered , even if it was going to be his last big venture , and that was that he brought josh home safely .
the thing was how to do it , how to confront him .
the stories that fellow pirates told each other and discussed whilst eating or drinking around beach fires or in the taverns ashore were always about one thing ... the booty that kidd had amassed .
that , thanks to him , god had saved them all : but captain rob was sure of one thing -a miracle had just happened .
in the past he d been strictly a solo man monogamy was his thing .
i was stupid ; i let pride and some kind of macho bullshit get in the way of the only thing that ever mattered to me .
` ` that 's the thing with viruses they can always modify themselves into a new forms , so it may be completely different . ''
` ` that 's the thing dad .
that s the thing mr . hunter , my boss ... he does nt believe you .
i let go with a hearty laugh and then when the idiot looked a bit dazed and confused , i explained , those mutts as you called them were bred for one thing ... bull fighting .
math was her thing .
in the past , ' detail ' had been his thing .
just promised me one thing , doctor .
the thing is , diaz said , for the infantry , the marines , you know , danger do nt lurk .
the thing is , j - fo ... i ca nt get it up .
morny had asked me , the thing is i am worried about , what if a woman meet a bad guy , and he decides to infect a wife with hpv ?
gus then broke the silence and said resolutely , one thing is clear .
the last threads of consciousness leave only one thing adrift in the assassins mind .
you can put him in rehab or you can let him experiment and hope he finds out that drugs are nt his thing .
this company is my baby , the only thing that matters to me .
the rest feared for one thing , the obvious arrest by the mexican police , the failure of their sacred mission , and the immediate retaliation by juan garcia .
before the reconditioning begins and susan 's identity is lost , she must do one final thing .
but that was just the thing .
luckily , he was intent on only one thing : sheriff beck .
when it was over and he had had time to think , the only thing he wanted was revenge .
but the thing is , even if the planet froze down to absolute zero , the human race would find a way to carry on .
port happenstance , a place she s never heard of much less visited , and if drug store postcard scenery is nt really her thing , she has to admit if one were in ones late 80s there were certainly far worse places to lay down the bones for good .
my thing was always people riding my ass , james snickers from the back seat , its like , okay , if you ve already established that you re gon na hang out half a car length from my back bumper , regardless of the speed , would nt i want to drive as slowly as possible , then ?
yeah , i knew you d probably get a charge out of it , but its not my thing .
that s the thing , bro .
she pulled our hands down to her waist and attached mine to the edge of her t - shirt in a way that meant only one thing .
the thing i do nt understand , '' he said finally , is what good is it to keep a close eye on everything that is going on if we ca nt actually do anything about it when we find out ? sheila had confided in jerry , telling him almost everything , but her true mission was something she was nt willing to share with anyone .
aleister knew that fellow passengers were truly interested in one thing : what they themselves were doing .
name one thing you re gon na need the stupid rope for .
in a small room only meant for one thing , a place to put him in .
there was always something wrong , and of course , they were all only after one thing , and i do nt need to tell two suave gentlemen like you what that is .
he s after one thing : the tarot card wedged inside the dead mans mouth .
heres the thing , vengeance .
` ` just tell me one thing before you go .
dealing with terrance was really more of his thing .
the men alex was used to dealing with were all interested in only one thing , and alex fought back to the death .
i had one thing on my mind , and i was heading for it with abandon .
for the first time since deciding he d carve out a living for himself , jon was completely focused on one thing , and determined to see it through .
fighting just was nt his thing .
there s only one thing in this world that rich payne cares about more than his money : his daughter , lucy .
` ` well shoot , i ' ve got just the thing . ''
i am preparedand most willing to carry your orders to the letter if you can do one thing , number one .
it did n't matter , he found the one thing he always wanted , someone who really needed him and was n't afraid to show it and for that alone , he would have forgiven her anything .
she met many men in her search for the right one , but only succeeded in finding many wrong ones , as they all seemed to want just one thing from her .
since shopping was n't his thing , i did n't plan on the invitation being accepted .
first thing 's first : call maria zambrotta , find out what she said .
i live for one thing ; getting back at enquine .
michael reached the next floor and entered the large , open room , eyes focused on one thing .
see that s the thing .
` ` you 're forgetting one thing , linda .
she stumbled in the sand , lurching backwards , knowing one thing and one thing only .
she stumbled in the sand , lurching backwards , knowing one thing and one thing only .
stephan did nt answer her , he simply nodded in her direction and then put me to work , researching , none other than immigrationthe same thing i d given my speech on the day before .
so , two things brought you here , i assume one is to get paid for the muro thing .
but she sure got one thing right ?
we ve got to be clean tomorrow jock , that 's the main thing .
the lions on top of the pillars are laying down with the lamb , and sillick farm breathes softly in the quiet drift of the morning , but alex is intent on one thing only , on the hauling - in of the long line of revenge .
the thing is , we got ta do it discreetly .
my men are after one thing and one thing only : the truth !
my men are after one thing and one thing only : the truth !
sure it looks dark now , but you do have one thing going for you . ''
` ` we are forgetting one thing . ''
i had to turn my back to him to shield the matches from the general stir in the air , looked at the wall corner , brick into brick , thought maybe if i spun around , maybe if i jabbed the cigarette at his eye i could squirm outi even thought he might shoot me still , but maybe that s the thing , let him shoot me and hell have to run off , i should just grab at him so i get shot in the leg , then he d have to run off .
was i going to find a policeman , was that the thing ?
it was hard for her to maintain a cool composure , but she knew one thing : she needed to escape .
for most western people , who were the product of capitalist societies , and under this banner heading he was not so nave as to not include himself , the goal of financial security , let alone the fantasy dreams associated with celebrity superstar wealth , were a successful end to a lifetime of toil and endeavour ; it was the thing you strived towards ; the pinnacle of ambition ; almost the meaning of life .
but then again , smart moves never really were your thing .
that s the thing , phillipa interjected .
the thing was that he loved dana .
you only care about one thing .
we got our thing and the cops got their thing and sometimes ...
there s one other thing you might want to get and you ll need me to watch your back .
as she quickened her pace to her car , she was certain of only one thing .
whoever killed leonardo wanted one thing - the antimatter specimen .
as his eyes went skyward again and saw the slowly roasting victim , langdon had thoughts for only one thing .
the military 's denial of the incident obviously had to be one thing only - a cover - up of contact with aliens !
but i want to be sure i got one thing straight from the word go .
the main thing was to get away from these men .
` ` only one thing , sir , '' he said .
the main thing is to gain time and stave off the firebrands .
we all want the same thing -- what 's best for peter . ''
` ` i ' ve learned one thing , '' he said .
somebody 's gun went off by accident and- ` ` one other thing , tom .
` ` one last thing , '' reacher said .
her job was to make his life comfortable , so that he could concentrate on the thing that was all - important to him : the business .
max hornung was interested in but one thing : catching those who strayed from the path of financial probity .
there was one thing she had to make clear to him .
with nothing to do with the long , lonely hours of her existence but cater to his every whim , she had finally capitulated and given keith the one thing he desired above all others : a baby , their baby , a living , breathing affirmation of their love .
the main thing was to get him home and fed , away from the prying eyes of the media .
she wondered what she was going to do with the rest of her life , and each time it came back to the same thing : all she wanted to do , the one thing she really cared about , was to practice law .
they had always been about the same thing .
` ` so the thing is , if i push it , she 'll marry me , but she 'll alienate her family .
they had offered lara a variety of suggestions , and they had all come down to the same thing : a cheap hotel in an inner city area .
he focused his mind on only one thing : salomon van der merwe .
they want only one thing from you .
there 's one thing you forgot , colonel .
the important thing was not to let the man catch him alone .
` ` we ' ve got one thing going for us .
a big storm 's only good for one thing angela ayuh , and my jack knows what it is .
searchers , like himself , all looking for the same thing .
` ` rachel , in the last forty - eight hours two people have turned up out of nowhere , both looking for the same thing , one possibly a killer , the other callous enough to leave you for dead .
instead , they are designed to do one thing - cut down thick grass and brush through the use of a series of sharp blades rotating at high speeds .
he was there to do one thing - bill .
he hated the press , and this willingness to talk on their turf and under their gun meant only one thing - he would point the finger at someone else .
one thing he 'd decided at the time - he had no intention of ever speaking to pam malone again .
` ` and one other thing , '' green said .
my thing is , i ' m taking those leg irons off ; now let 's see what you can do . ''
` ` the thing you 'll never understand , cronus , '' said tarquin , desperately trying to buy time , ` ` is that- '' ` ` i ' ve heard enough out of you , '' the burly man said , his finger curling around the silenced pistol .
we 're both after the same thing . ''
` ` youknow the truth now , and beyond the material thathas to reach simon , there 's one last thing i have todo .
` ` that camp will be the next thing we 'll be hunting for . ''
he needed one last thing from nichols , and prayed that the soldier had enough strength left to give it up .
' we have traitors here , that 's what amal came to tell us - that and one more thing .
` ` i ask only one thing of you , '' she said , ` ` and i know it 's a biggie , but here it is : do not lie to me .
the important thing was to keep the guns in holsters and , so far , none of them had drawn a weapon .
` ` and one very important thing , '' rodney said , almost in a whisper .
` ` preparation for one thing .
all pawns for the matarese - maniacal pawns , and that 's the scary thing .
the important thing is for us to stick together .
perhaps enough time for ben to secure the one thing he had on his mind : a shield .
the thing is , we do n't really understand much about how succession works at sigma .
until this point he had been propelled by adrenaline and anger and fear , focusing on one thing only : getting anna out of lenz 's clinic , where he was convinced she 'd been taken .
` ` one thing , '' the attache said , an index finger extended .
if the beez ever goes down there alone , it 'll be because he 's after one thing .
he wants to do one thing only : drive up highway 93 to judy marshall 's lookout point and keep on going , through arden and into the parking lot , past the hospital doors , past the barriers of dr . spiegleman and warden jane bond , until he can find himself once again in the life - giving presence of judy marshall herself .
` ` one last thing , captain hollister .
' school was never my thing .
' there 's only one thing i need to know from you , ' ethan adds slowly .
i said , ` ` tonight 's about one thing only . ''
` ` that 's my thing . ''
that 's the thing . ''
different circumstances might have guided us to haines junction but we both desired the same thing .
` ` one last thing , '' jack said .
redding 's voice took on a pouting tone , but his expression reminded me of a hawk , sharp - eyed and merciless , focused on one thing and one thing alone .
dean 's father would want to punish him for that , almost as much as he wanted to punish agent sterling for having the gall not just to live , but to steal from him the one thing that mattered most .
` ` everything about this place - the house , the yard , the pool - was constructed with one thing in mind . ''
it was all far too rich , and she 'd made far too much , and he did his best , but she could see that food , even food from home , which had cost her a fortune to get , was the last thing on his mind .
` ` the main thing is to take out their leaders .
the thing was to catch him before he could put them into effect !
' there 's just one thing , ' ezio said .
` ` that 's the thing , though , jim .
` ` that 's the thing , though , '' whitey said .
and the thing was ?
` ` one last thing , '' he said before the driver could shut the door .
` ` the thing is , life , right ?
` ` we all want the same thing , '' the pretty boy said , and patted connor 's shoulder .
` ` the same thing i ' m selling , officer -- peaceful resolution . ''
` ` i ' ve been a police officer for thirty - seven years and i ' ve learned one thing above all else . ''
there was only one thing for it - i had to take them on myself ! ''
` ` i had some things to do at the farm before i could leave , '' armand said calmly , glancing over the man 's roast beef dinner with disinterest before gazing around the quiet diner .
her mind was now focused on only one thing ; she had to get to sam and warn her .
she was n't his , and he had better put all thoughts of her aside to maintain his focus on the thing that truly mattered to him now -- upholding his promise to avenge the innocent souls whom roth destroyed .
but the way his body felt now , the way his veins were seething lava and his mind fixed on one thing -- destruction -- he realized that the moment he 'd dreaded for so long had finally arrived .
and that 's the thing , i think ... the real reason i ' m not that weirded out by you two .
fire , that was the thing .
` ` you were wrong about one thing . ''
i really had everything i wanted sitting at the table - except the one thing i 'd been wishing for since i was in kindergarten : to become a vampire .
mikhail 's entire being was concentrated , focused on only one thing .
she was dizzy and weak , her mind finding it difficult to concentrate on any one thing .
still , he had one last goal to accomplish , one more thing asked of him by his prince , and then he could meet the life - destroying dawn with an easy mind .
aside from thinking too much , tempest had an interesting mind , a way of focusing in on one thing only and blocking out everything else .
the thing is , you have to stand up to them . ''
no one else was around to give him the one thing he needed most .
the thing , no longer really alive , programmed to do one thing only , continued to try to clutch the boy even as his flesh burned .
not really my thing .
only one thing mattered : healing chelsea 's worn - out body and restoring her to good health .
he could not afford to give her the one thing she asked of him - her freedom .
it was difficult to focus on any one thing , and corinne allowed her gaze to drift around the large chamber .
the vines winding their way through his body , stabbing and spearing through flesh and bone moved toward one thing - the small light of his spirit in him .
zacarias sped through the opening the monkeys had carved for him , his entire being focused on one thing only .
only one thing mattered , and that was getting out of this place .
he knew one thing for certain : there would be no mercy here , only unfailing execution of dragos 's orders .
there are ten maybe twelve of them - short , fat , bald , male , female - all kinds of varieties , but each one of them wants the same thing .
i only need to focus on one thing .
as mr . strain started writing instructions for the day 's chemistry experiment on the board , ivy said , ` ` there 's just one thing . ''
` ` but it was n't really my thing .
it comes down to one thing .
quinn reached across the car , his fingers wrapping around my knee , a heat that burned past the snakeskin leather and slithered deep into my bones ` ` there is one thing i must make clear , though , '' he said , his low tones holding a hint of warning i glanced at him .
i was half - inclined to continue what we 'd started , but he was right about one thing - we were there to work , not play we continued searching the drawers .
` ` and the first thing is , get rid of the competition ! ''
this consuming ache for his touch that made her forget the only thing she should care about .
boots said , ` ` that 's just the thing , my lady .
in the end it comes to one thing .
` ` that 's the thing , though , '' he said .
but first , she had to know one thing .
` ` i 'll let those questions slide , but there 's one thing i ' ve got to know .
what would he do if he knew he would never get the one thing he really wanted ?
they 're not my thing . ''
to the humans he passed , he was nothing but cold air , a brush of icy november wind on the backs of their necks as he barreled over and around them , all of his focus honed on one thing : tess .
what was spelled out was not something he wanted widely known , but that was the thing with tats : they did n't have to be public , and god knew the guy had plenty of t - shirts to cover up with .
here was the thing : people felt the way they did and it was n't their fault or yours if the connection was one - sided .
given what had happened , he wished like hell they 'd put a remote in holly 's room , but that was the thing .
and man , he had the only thing she really wanted at that moment : that clean , damp , cold washcloth was a godsend .
that was the thing , at least when it came to sex : he was generous with his time and his talents .
but the thing was , you kept going .
features were so aristocratic , he actually looked intelligent - although that was the thing with the glymera .
until the last beat of his heart and the final exodus of his breath , he would fight with all that he was for the one thing he had left to live for .
as she spoke , she was n't sure what she really thought about it all , but she was clear on one thing : she was not going to create a situation where xhex went after the male with all guns blazing - literally .
how did you know the calm was the thing . ''
` ` i have one thing to ask . ''
instead of going for the book , which the trio had no doubt been dispatched to do , the rogue on elise seemed rooted on just one thing -- slaking its unquenchable thirst .
every dark instinct in him was tuned on one thing : elise .
think young male , that was the thing .
the home , i was beginning to realize , was designed for one thing and one thing only : pleasure , and lots of it .
the home , i was beginning to realize , was designed for one thing and one thing only : pleasure , and lots of it .
i really do n't give a shit what you think about me , but i do know one thing , and one thing only : until you sell that sleazebag of a strip club you own and quit bringing your skank - whores home , you will never , ever be alone with my kids . ''
well , it all came down to the same thing .
` ` it 's a date , but first thing 's first .
if china is n't your thing , this one never fails to launch - you : are you wearing space pants ?
i ' m looking for the same thing i believe you are -- the truth .
all of his fury -- all of his lethal intent -- was focused on the other gen one assassin , the breed male who had been born and bred the same as he , and trained to be expert in just one thing : dealing death .
` ` and one last thing , '' alex says to nicholas as he reaches for the crystal .
but there was one thing i was absolutely sure of c when mr tiny found out about evanna 's babies , he 'd all but explode with anger !
` ` that 's the thing , you see - something is causing night people to find human soulmates .
she should have known that getting a breath of fresh air only led to one thing in her life .
i do have one thing before i let you go .
the important thing was to preserve your secret identity .
there was only one thing keeping me and alexander apart now .
was the desire to see carnal dead the only thing she 'd have left after this night ?
as he completed the turn , he stopped and gazed upon the one thing he 'd wanted and needed to see more than anything else over the past four months .
stefan , he only asked for one thing before he ... went .
shecould n't go ; that was the thing .
damon might seem to be completely absorbed with one thing and one thing only , but his sense of self - preservation made sure that he was constantly on guard , and seeing not just what he wanted to see but everything that was around him .
` ` and now , your saint stefan has one more thing for you .
the important thing was not to let caroline suspect anything unusual .
tiny said - the vampaneze would naturally be eager to get their hands on the one thing that stood between them and total victory .
today , there was only one thing layel wished to fight for and it was n't the death of a dragon .
only one thing mattered right now - and for once , it was n't the dragon .
` ` i think the going is the thing , sir , don '' t you ? ''
` ` you are right in one thing only , darren shan - i do n't think you have what it takes to make it as a vampire .
in her dealings with the king , he was only after one thing , and when he got it , he tossed her out .
` ` there 's only one thing i want first , '' kahli said sternly .
there was only one option - only one thing that would keep her from going back .
- mariketa the awaited mercenary of the wiccae , future leader of the house of witches witches are good for one thing and only one thing .
- mariketa the awaited mercenary of the wiccae , future leader of the house of witches witches are good for one thing and only one thing .
it was exquisite , but now she had only one thing she wanted to know .
galen was smiling , too , although there was something in his eyes ... ` ` there 's just one thing , '' iliana said a little bit breathlessly , rubbing her arm where keller had gripped it .
he rushed to the door and yanked it open , then froze at the last thing he expected to find .
he dreaded what was to come , but he knew it meant only one thing .
for the first time in her existence she found the one thing she 'd never known she had .
` ` one thing more , '' said seth .
the thing now was to find this killer .
gaining the knowledge was the thing .
aden roared , focused only on one thing : survival .
once they 'd figured everything out , her mom had been granted the thing she 'd wanted most in life , that which she 'd been denied by her death .
the thing is , eduardo 's not going to like it .
maybe the most important thing for lucas now was having someone who could convince him that the haunting was real , and not evidence that he was going crazy .
he was focused on only one thing : getting out .
the phantoms of his mind , the thousands of nightmares he endures , they 're all about one thing - losing you time and again . ''
his mind focused on only one thing : blood .
it hurt to see the place like this - cobwebs in the windows , every room bare and lonely - but there was one thing skye knew had n't left .
animal cruelty is my thing .
since fashion was my thing , i figured i stood as good a chance as any of getting her to talk .
i also knew that everything was leading to one thing : the secret door behind the mirror .
but there 's one thing i do know above all else .
` ` but you 're forgetting one thing . ''
` ` i need one more thing from you . ''
eloquence was kind of his thing , so the fact that he was stumbling over his words drew my attention more than the fact that he was here .
then again , nice guys only got one thing in ashland : dead .
seeing into the future was her thing .
idiot after idiot had come to the pork pit in the last few weeks , either singly or in small groups , all with one thing on their minds - taking out the spider .
then again , elemental duels were only about one thing - destroying your enemy as quickly and brutally as you could .
late - night visits from the spider tended to involve only one thing : blood , and a lot of it .
` ` you 're forgetting one thing , phillip . ''
my action had gotten me exactly one thing : eliminated .
but i have one thing that all of those other schmucks do n't . ''
` ` because you 're forgetting one small thing . ''
the important thing is not to let it linger , not to let the hurt feelings , sharp words , and bitter accusations fester .
you ' ve been the undisputed king of southtown for so long that you ' ve forgotten one important thing - the only thing that matters right now .
you ' ve been the undisputed king of southtown for so long that you ' ve forgotten one important thing - the only thing that matters right now .
guns were n't my thing , but i knew this one : it was the military supernatural defense unit 's weapon of choice when facing a loose vampire .
i would need the real thing : fresh parsley , dill , basil , and especially mint .
you have everything else - my freedom , my body , everything - and i just want one thing .
` ` but i do know one thing : we 're going to find out where this ritual 's going down and ambush the shit out of them . ''
` ` that 's the thing , red .
` ` the bow and arrow was never your thing . ''
we want the same thing : you want us gone , and i want to be gone .
arranging large groups of people into an attack force was n't my thing .
overcoming my uncle 's long - held prejudices was the last thing on my to do list at the moment .
what was the one thing belinda knew that no one else outside my unit did ?
besides , i had one thing that madeline did n't , and she was n't even going to realize it until it was too late .
they were n't the same group that had killed dominic - no red robes - but they wanted the same thing .
` ` one last thing before we leave , '' i said through the glass .
i had only one thing left in my survival arsenal .
` ` there 's just one thing , '' she said .
but one thing he knew for certain : if he survived , kay would be waiting for him when it was over , no matter how long it took .
to rhys , mortals were useful for one thing , and one thing only .
to rhys , mortals were useful for one thing , and one thing only .
at least she accomplished one thing .
` ` i want one thing from you , '' he said .
only one thing mattered , one thought echoed in her mind .
` ` one thing first .
drawing with pen and paper had never been her thing , but working with icing was kind of cool .
but she guessed she did her thing in less noticeable ways , not so much with her clothes and such , but in her surroundings .
` ` i ' m all packed , but i need to do one thing first . ''
her mind was only focused on one thing and that was to save benji .
there was only one thing he sought from his life anymore .
there was only one thing that he wanted more than for cassie to join him , and that was for her to be safe .
she knew his worst secret now , the worst part of him , the one thing that he had never been able to bring himself to reveal to her .
the last time he had seen it he had lost the only thing that mattered to him , the only person he had ever truly cared about .
she was the only thing keeping him sane , the only thing that was keeping him from destroying this room in a fit of rage .
it 's not exactly my thing . ''
he had lost the only thing that mattered to him , the only person he had ever truly loved .
there was only one thing that he cared about now .
she did know one thing ; she could not leave him out there in the rain .
he 'd spent a hundred years in the dark , had thrived in it when others would have failed , but the near darkness now was a stark reminder that he 'd lost the only thing that mattered to him .
it was amazing , she loved it , but she knew one thing above all else ... ` ` wherever you are will always be my home . ''
there were smart vampires and foolish ones , silly ones and frightening ones ... but regardless of their personalities , every one of them was evil and bent on one thing : drinking human blood .
had his years of being a venator been a ploy for only one thing , to this one end ?
acid otching was the thing now .
the hoavy , constant rain was goed for ono thing only : obscuring him from the vampires ' watchful , blood - red oyos .
stirring noisos , once assigned to rodonts , nowadays moant only ono thing .
he 'd been focused on one thing and one thing only - saving a life .
he 'd been focused on one thing and one thing only - saving a life .
their big thing is spelled jewelry .
it still looks intimidating and complicated , but i ' m looking for one thing specifically .
` ` and the third thing we have going for us ? ''
bastille wanted to be an oculator ... well , i just wanted one thing .
i only had one thing left .
the thing is , you do n't get to know .
` ` debate 's not really my thing . ''
but she ai n't 'cause she 's just a stupid girl and girls ai n't good for nothing but one thing , and you know what that thing is , do n't you , girly ? ''
we all think that a boy with his gifts should be using them and , with so many colleges ready to give him a full ride , it would be a shame to watch him sit the season out , but we need to take one thing at a time , which is why he 's going to enroll under his mother 's maiden name .
he 's just like every other guy who only wants one thing . ''
` ` before you say anything though , i have to ask you one thing . ''
her thing was to be different , except for , i guess , the part about being different .
that day after practice , earl was nominated to have a talk with me , which was pretty funny , since talking had never really been his thing .
` ` loyalty 's not really my thing . ''
fire is sort of her thing . ''
she was trying to distract me from the one thing i could never get away from - myself .
lil even offered me a few , but it was n't really my thing and i stuck to soda for the night .
she knew that any dream i had that brought me to my knees , could only be about one thing - and she did n't need an explanation of that .
aiden had practical y beaten into me the fact young , newly turned daimons would be concerned about one thing only : draining .
strange that i would find myself in a library , since reading really was n't my thing .
i 'd learned one thing at the council - i needed to be able to do something to change the lives of my kind .
we want the same thing , to stop lucian and the first .
hanging out in places where tombs were built to remember the dead was n't his thing .
` ` then , why- '' ` ` the thing is , rid , that 's not what it feels like when you 're with me . ''
leaving this place was beyond tempting but there were two things here that i had to have before i could depart , the location of the entrance , and apryl 's celestial silver comb .
the one thing that collin wanted the most was his soul .
but he did have one thing right . ''
` ` one thing i learned from our visit , '' he said , his expression serious again .
` ` we give him the one thing he wants . ''
` ` you forgot one thing in your brilliant plan . ''
it was a silly idea , one she never would ' ve shared with charles , but that was the thing , she was never able to share any ideas with charles .
then again , being subtle had never been their thing .
` ` i want one thing in exchange for telling you what you want to know . ''
being around people had never really been my thing .
i almost would have felt glamorous except that firstly , glamour is n't my thing and secondly , i was in my pink fluffy bunny rabbit dressing gown .
i just want one thing from him .
they expected a show , but carmine only had one thing on his mind .
` ` you see , you took the assignment literally , and while there 's nothing wrong with that , it made it lack the one thing they truly wanted . ''
` ` the important thing is to never stop questioning , '' he read before tossing it down and grabbing another .
here 's the thing you need to know about detecting and losing a tail : to do it right - i mean really right - you 'd need to cover half a city .
` ` that 's the thing , macey . ''
only this time it does n't wander very far , because i ' m stuck on just one thing and one thing only .
the only thing keeping me from telling him how important knocking on a teenager 's door is the revenge date i ' m setting him up on .
` ` one last thing , '' megan says , twirling her whistle like she 's doing nunchucks .
` ` what do i have to do to convince you i ' m using dabria for one thing , and one thing only : to break down hank , piece by piece if i have to , and make him pay for everything he 's done to hurt the girl i love ? ''
` ` what do i have to do to convince you i ' m using dabria for one thing , and one thing only : to break down hank , piece by piece if i have to , and make him pay for everything he 's done to hurt the girl i love ? ''
he 's got one thing he wants - let 's not give him two .
he wants one thing from you , nora , and he 'll take it wherever he can get it .
you came here for one thing only .
` ` now only one thing remains , '' annwyl whispered , and there was a glint of amber as kenzie pulled out the vial .
` ` one last thing before i go home ... and face my parents . ''
maybe that 's the thing with liberation .
` ` the important thing is you made it , '' she says , which seems both obvious and optimistic .
everything inside me wants to go , but if i ' m going to take one thing from this , it 's the strength he saw in me .
` ` yeah , it 's my thing . ''
` ` and the thing is , i wanted to train with you guys .
perhaps that 's the thing i felt like i was on the verge of understanding - how to keep her alive inside of me .
you can come after me or you can get the one thing you ' ve always wanted . ''
` ` i want you to do one thing for me .
here is the thing , master henry .
` ` you 're not , that 's the thing .
` ` oh , that would be just the thing !
and i was saying , the thing is , if i had my way , she 'd always keep her clothes on , which made him say , so she 's a dog , and i was like , no , no , no , you do n't get it , she 's completely cute in a cute way and if i did n't know her , i might do her , but i do know her and because i know her i do n't want to do her , i just want to do shit like talk to her and drink with her and sit and do homework with her , because when we do shit like that , it 's not nearly as boring as it is when i do it alone , because every now and then she 'll grunt or laugh and i 'll say , what ?
` ` it is my thing . ''
` ` drawing was never my thing . ''
pulling hair is her new thing , and it has caused a few disasters .
i take it out and open the door with one thing on my mind : to let go of my inhibitions and kiss luis like i did in my house .
i walk into the lb warehouse with one thing on my mind - living up to my father 's legacy .
if i wanted to assert my control and make sure he never , ever came this close to kissing me again , i just had to do one thing .
which unfortunately meant only one thing .
` ` there 's only one thing , '' isaac interrupted before emily had a chance to speak .
may queen is my thing ! ''
not exactly her thing .
` ` that 's the thing , hanna .
` ` that 's the thing , aria .
` ` that 's the thing , '' she said softly .
talking to dead people was n't her thing .
did it really matter when they had the most important thing : a healthy , happy family that was spending the holiday together ?
` ` magic shows are n't my thing , either , but hey - it 's free .
she 's right on one thing : she has misjudged me , but not in the way she thinks .
he was right on one thing : that 's not the original engine of a ' 94 mustang gt .
just as he d never made fun of her foot , she never acted like he was stupid , good only for one thing .
because his presence , real or imagined , has only ever signified one thing : torture .
` ` you 're forgetting one thing ! ''
each day he went off to some secret and solitary deadspot , and there he would spend the day focusing on the one thing he could do better than anyone else .
` ` one thing at a time , '' donna says with some honey mustard sauce dribbling down her chin .
i felt how he desperately clung to his last strand of restraint , the only thing keeping his mouth from crashing against mine and sweeping me away in the passion that burned in his blood .
terletov is dangerous because he wants the same thing .
my magic , finally being free to concentrate on only one thing , worked to heal my battle wounds and when my knee felt strong enough , i stood up and walked over to him .
i did n't stop to make sure seth followed me , although i hoped he did , but my eyes were glued on one thing and one thing only .
i did n't stop to make sure seth followed me , although i hoped he did , but my eyes were glued on one thing and one thing only .
` ` ok , that 's the thing ! ''
` ` we have one thing left in common , lucien .
` ` i think , daddy , you 're forgetting one thing . ''
only one thing stood between us and a universe of love ... swak madame b , gilda , and brunhilda 19 storm clouds on friday morning , before the bell , brooks was waiting at eureka 's locker .
she said : ` ` only one thing stood between them . ''
my heart is the one thing i am determined to safeguard .
although emma loved fashion - she scoured thrift stores and made a lot of on - the - cheap outfits look expensive - sewing clothes was n't really her thing .
because that 's the thing : deep down , thayer has a hold on me .
there is one thing , '' drumheller called out , snapping his fingers .
` ` staying down is n't really my thing , '' i replied , panting from the exertion .
turns out whisky is n't really her thing , but she can put away the wine coolers .
there 's just one thing left - aimee has to figure out a way to get out of throwing the paper route the morning after the prom .
` ` there 's one thing i need you to do , '' she continued , and he looked up at her , his eyes bright .
` ` they found one thing , '' ansel said softly .
she wants one thing and one thing only - do n't think she wo n't use you to get it .
she wants one thing and one thing only - do n't think she wo n't use you to get it .
perhaps davis had been looking for the same thing elena wanted her to find : the source of the king 's power .
to fight for the one thing that was more important than the fate of her country : the fate of the world .
not his thing .
they only want one thing .
he had achieved the same thing she wanted herself .
only one thing stood in his way now .
` ` so what is your thing ? ''
she looked straight ahead , focused on one thing , and pretended that the world around her did n't exist .
the thing that was making me sick in my belly , though , was my mother .
if the one thing that risa wants more than all else is the utter destruction of proactive citizenry , then cam will find a way to provide it for her .
` ` and sports recreation is your thing ? ''
evil bastards that just wanted to get one thing from you .
maybe my mother was right ... .all men are just out for one thing .
it occurred to him as he sat there watching and waiting for signs of life , that cyrus had left noah alone with the one thing the princeps held most precious .
this was the thing , what all those girls who emailed me to hook them up did n't understand .
he only wanted one thing from her .
` ` i need you to do one thing for me , mom .
` ` the party was n't really my thing .
the grey man took the last piece of the mirror , went to the wall , and fitted it in place , saying , ` ` the one thing i have always wanted more than anything else , for myself , for my nearest and dearest friend , is a woman worthy of a prince . ''
a tremor moved down my spine as the thing that had bothered me while fighting at last crystallized .
and hiding was n't my thing anyway .
that had always been my thing , not hers .
his heart sank with his failure - but he 'd forgotten one thing , something vital and important .
the thing is , alex is n't feeling ... '' joshua 's eyes cut to the ceiling .
we want one thing , the torivor replied , the slow words carrying heavy emphasis .
you had one thing right when you went to harthenham - nobody is going to stop the emperor !
her muscles locked and trembled , but she kept her arms laced through the straps , the only thing keeping her from death , even as it swiftly approached with every rotation of abraxos 's ruined body .
` ` one last thing , '' he said , as i reached to click off the call .
physics was n't her thing , but she 'd gotten an a in bio and she knew that the brain - most of the body , for that matter - effectively ran on electricity .
his big thing was isle royale .
as soon as it finished taking the boy , it would bind enough of emma to gain the one thing it lacked : access to the cynosure , a skill lizzie had somehow denied it and emma had n't possessed until it had shown her what to do .
` ` i guess that 's the thing .
i focused on the only thing i could - the tiny bit of hope that demetria could help me make sense of what i 'd just done and what i was supposed to do the next time .
when i felt like it , i stayed out late , reading at the park on bering 's south side or sitting through poetry readings at the u , though i quickly realized they were n't my thing .
i thought that was your thing .
the thing was , ronan knew what a face looked like , just before it was about to break .
` ` and what is your thing ? ''
whether or not it was in a dream or in reality , the night horror wanted the same thing : to kill ronan .
the thing was , there was n't .
the thing was not to imagine what it would ' ve been like to stay and talk .
foreign language just was n't my thing .
i never would have thought construction would be my thing but it was fun , aside from the fact that my forearms are killing me .
dragons are your thing , right ? ''
` ` the fates asked ' one thing ' of you before- to bewitch cadmus and kidnap him to the spiritlands .
he needed one thing here , and one thing only .
he needed one thing here , and one thing only .
only one thing matters , and i will see it achieved . ''
the thing is , the blighters got sparks , same as faeries .
that 's the thing , feathers , i ca n't get past it .
` ` the main thing is , '' i whispered , as much to me as to him .
` ` the one thing he wants that we have . ''
it was nearly the only thing keeping her going : hope that she would reach patrick in time , and hope that she would not be too late to stop the spindlers .
tarren understands the science of it a lot better than me , but the thing is , humans ca nt get energy directly .
cassey was my thing then , and it worked to my advantage .
but what is puzzling is why , if both groups want the same thing , the crystals around her neck , why does one group want to capture her and the other to kill her ?
yet , i did learn one thing , continued sam .
the important thing is that you re using the implant and improving every day .
mike looked around the room , but he could not spot the one thing he was looking for .
i took some pre - law classes at sam houston state , then decided that it was nt my thing .
julie , i said , choosing my words carefully , you can tell us all about jessica , and that s probably a lot more important than any amount of money right now , but i want to know one thing first .
but he had learned one thing : they all had scary sounding names : chaos , black cat , fresh fire , raging inferno , and massive attack .
the important thing was to cross silently and quickly to avoid a casual observer from seeing us and having time to respond by cutting the rope , causing our gear to wash downstream and leaving us at the mercy of anyone on the beach .
' and you forget one thing . '
it seemed high enough to allow me access , and only one thing remained , to enter the portal .
a trip to the capital can mean only one thing , henrik , his father said between puffs of his expensive cigar .
not my thing at all , said macdonald , i like the idea of a few thousand tons beneath my feet mesel .
he was skilled in combat because he did nt focus on one particular thing .
` ` first thing 's first , we need to confiscate all the metal in town . ''
what was the purpose of my travel into the past and my attempt to change history if it failed to do the one thing i wanted : to bring my grandson back , safe , sound and alive , he thought .
i just need you to do one thing right now .
with the master sword finally complete , the sacred realm opened at long last , and inside he was reunited with the only thing that gave him reason to continue all those years .
she 'd have to walk an extra couple of miles , but it was worth it to avoid the risk the last thing she needed now was for anyone to discover her hideout .
` ` the thing about hand - to - hand , '' ivan said as he stepped back and started to gather up the assorted weapons from the floor , ` ` is that whatever you 're holding , you have to treat it as an extension of your body .
by giving catalina a job , he rationalized that this would be a way to hold on to her , and phillip was certain of only one thing .
here he waswell educated , rich , and in good healthbut he did nt have the one thing he desired most , catalina rivera .
one look made it clear that it was designed for only one thing .
but as a unified force , and when under the orders of the veiled , they all had one thing in common the ultimate destruction of a species .
although the sight was as terrifying as ever , my mind was focused on one thing , input the code .
i read the police reports on you , paintings and sculptures , they re your thing .
vin , you have a deal , but i ask one thing of you .
the person that has strived for only one thing in his life .
the main thing was not to miss the slightest word or sign between the two of them .
that 's just the thing .
consultations were not his thing after you left .
just as you once were completely loyal to me , so are hundreds of others and they all want the same thing .
we both want the same thing , solendria states through clenched teeth .
everyone screamed at the top of their voice , all their eyes focussed on one thing , the box .
jay urged for the heat waves to flow through one thing and one thing only .
well that 's the thing , scarborough lowered her gaze and rewrapped herself in the red textile , i would be stuck in this identity from then on , could you still love me ?
despite studying the arts at university , sculpture was nt really her thing , so she was surprised at how peaceful the garden had seemed .
but one thing remained .
one thing hounded her hidden in the corner of her mind , bella elizabeth fonteyn .
once there the wolves offered yin the eldership of second clan again but he had to promise them one thing .
now there is one thing we need to do before we leave .
runaway teenagers were nt really his thing .
marcus , the man being interrogated , had been hired for one thing and one thing only .
marcus , the man being interrogated , had been hired for one thing and one thing only .
he was determined of one thing , though ; if and when the hoard arrived and his superior soldiers wiped them off the earth he was going to eliminate the real threat once and for all .
the thing is because you ve driven the single so hard other companies have woken up .
that s the thing , dustin .
the thing is that the police force we shared with northern state used to be an effective force .
you re only good for one thing , you little whore .
i know solving murders is nt really your thing , but i guess since it was a mind control plot , it ballooned into your territory anyway , huh ?
keeping moving is the thing .
yes , good idea , but one thing tara .
this was nt really her thing .
claire realised she did nt know what his thing was , aside from work and listening to live music .
her stare meant only one thing .
fairah grabbed her left gloved hand , lifted it so pluck could see , and then told her , one last thing before ye leave .
suddenly matthew 's thoughts were of one thing .
we want the same thing , first lady of rhoma , the safety of our people .
she was his thing .
-anyway i have to take care of one thing .
she did n't care if people were talking about her style , because the most important thing for her was to melt into the background .
that s the thing , i do nt know .
it was instead a mob , and all of them intent on the same thing - escaping the oncoming army of mexico .
` ` dr . wang , you find one thing ? ''
the main thing is for us to get into skukuza without picking a fight .
` ` one last thing before you go flirt with your mystery girl and tell her the idiocy we 're prepared to do for her , '' jenson finished .
remembering the drinks with matt and pete should have turned her off his suggestion , but then she resolved to not let them take one more thing away from her .
he s not going to the last thing he knew before slipping away into oblivion , was being raised from the ground by many hands .
but the death of the horses did achieve one thing at least .
he knew in his heart that the creature only had one thing in mind .
` ` i understand , jack , '' the man told him , ` ` but i would ask you one thing . ''
the rain lashed against him , fragments of stone and ice picked up by the wind cut his face and hands , but still dredger strode on , out across the rocks , away from the tower with its beacon of emerald light , his mind set on one thing only as the elements tried in vain to force him back .
gold really was nt his thing , but the gifts were invaluable .
we were just in need of one thing .
what s the thing after first off ?
jera picked up a handful of damp leaves and stuffed them into the carving that made up her name that signed her list of things to achieve before adulthood , and when she stepped back , her name looked like it was never there .
look , most men want one thing from a woman , and if that s all they want then i have no trouble taking advantage of them .
her body ached as she was reminded of one last thing she had to do before leaving the village .
the thing is , the lanky soldier took up , garren wanted his body used .
now she wanted just one thing : to be with the sleeping man , cuddle up to him , and there come what may .
the most important thing is to get out clean , realize the weak point , and never fall down any more .
men were only good for one thing .
but i need to ask you one thing , though .
no , if i ve learned one thing after all these years , its best to fly under the radar .
yes , there is one thing we need , and perhaps the guild can help .
do nt get me wrong rid , you were right about one thing .
was nt the thing today ?
you jerks are accomplishing one thing , and one thing only .
you jerks are accomplishing one thing , and one thing only .
with the kind of mind that focused with intensity on one thing at a time he gave no thought to being hundreds of miles away from paris or that his whereabouts was unknown to ilya .
quantum mechanics was never my thing , though .
even though chasseur krichbaum fouled this up , he did one thing right .
i think we ve got just the thing .
only one thing remained .
in spite of it all however , gisbo only knew one thing .
the news agencies will figure out the one thing they all have in common .
politics was n't my thing , but i agreed to help him out . ''
that s the thing , farmers with forks are a sil a score .
` ` well ... yes , yes , we can , but i need you to do one thing for me first . ''
every single thing he said or did pointed to one thing for him - power .
' one last thing , ' rahm said as he checked his armor , set aside his axe and drew his sword , ' no matter what the gods decree , do not anger the goblins by interference .
jolon focussed on the only thing he could think of to keep him going , braulors death and his ascension to leader of the greejon clan .
his hand drifted slowly up and found the shaft of the arrow and then his eyes drifted down to find the same thing .
` ` that 's just the thing , kate .
so there was only one thing for iti had to scream loud enough above the storm to get jacob 's attention .
when they arrived , they turned to face the creatures , but only the one thing remained .
in exchange for your passage , and the passage of your men , i ask for one thing .
his independently functioning eyes could focus on one thing after all , focus with intense , burning hatred .
the thing was , she only allowed candles for lighting .
` ` but we have one thing that can wait no longer . ''
he entered the arena knowing one thing with absolution ; he would walk away alive .
everything , that is , except the one thing he wanted most .
they were after one thing and one thing only ; the complete subjugation of all subject only to the lady death herself .
they were after one thing and one thing only ; the complete subjugation of all subject only to the lady death herself .
the rumors had only pointed to one thing : the search .
throughout her short visit , he muttered about constant nightmares , each one of the same thing : murder .
as the creature fed , the dark mage hissed in anticipation , one thing yet remains .
nearly a year he had lived under my mothers roof , and for nearly a year he had achieved only one thing ; destroying any and all beers that entered his personal space .
he would have cried to the sky and would have sank to his knees in submission if one thing had not remained in him .
anyway , to get to the first thing on the agenda - the second thing on the agenda is the conquest of a fortified city , which will be executed by subterfuge and cunning - but the first thing on the agenda is simply getting to this walled city - and this involves hiking across 500 miles of lowland country , and then crossing 50 miles of high mountains .
they wanted one thing and one thing onlyto attack and kill and feed upon those who were attempting to care for them in the clinic .
they wanted one thing and one thing onlyto attack and kill and feed upon those who were attempting to care for them in the clinic .
` ` just the thing , major .
as one of the monsters swords reached past me to jared , and the net drifted around my body trying to capture me , i threw out my hands with one thing on my mind , die !
` ` i guess not much of anything , right now ... or just one thing we need , at any rate : you find us god , and we 'll cooperate . ''
college was nt my thing and i dropped out after just two semesters .
the important thing was , the hound was now inert , tightly sealed up in a metal cocoon .
` ` one more thing i must tell you .
as the months passed , the young king increasingly appeared to have but one thing in mind , and that was .
` ` there is only one thing left for us , then .
because it is not wise to deprive a man who can explode with the force of a nuclear bomb of the only thing he desiresthe thing he would be willing to do anything to get .
there is only one thing that matters to me now .
you have only one thing i want , howard said calmly .
the thing is we need to get across the marsh to sodden edge , ' robin explained .
' just one thing though , ' said anyx , holding his hand out towards the maid .
' the thing is , private feldspar , that whole tale of a bunch of outlaws on the run is , well , a bit of subterfuge .
a familiar foe tore its way up through the floor with only one thing on its mind : death .
unless those dumb asses ever thing to run off to the same place , that kind of leaves me feeling split apart .
this was what shed been yesterday morning , a vicious , violent creature intent on only one thing .
it 's not my thing . ''
dances , balls , and proms were nt her thing .
walking away from the void , lakyn could nt help but feel like he had just thrown away the one thing he had been striving for most .
the tumbling of the water was confusing , but ivy focused on the one thing in front of her .
chuckling and shaking his head , brody replied , ` ` that 's fine , i guess it 's not his thing . ''
there s only one thing the ancient ones would awaken for .
she still had one thing left revenge .
the thing is , you made a little bit of a mistake .
not being noticed was his thing .
very well , ill keep you , but you must promise me one thing , korsten .
he wanted the same thing ecland wanted at the moment ; sex .
the one thing she needed , the one thing she yearned for was to learn of her family , to know where they had come from and to find any living relatives , if there were any .
i got some things for ash , fredrick said , getting up again to grab his bag to move over to the sleeping volt .
physical combat was nt his thing , so he always made sure he had a couple of chaps with him for protection .
the only thing he required the sword was for to get rid of the occultists .
there s one thing you re both forgetting .
all of which meant that raddia knew one thing with unwavering certainty : no matter what hardship lay ahead , she would never , not for a moment , leave yonfi in need of her ; she would strive to live as long as possible , surrounding him with what frail love she could muster , and before reaching the end of her mortal days she would somehow make sure that yonfi would spend the eternity laid upon him in happiness .
could kathy carter have given me the one thing needed to make sure elliot was a success ?
how could he be so calm , so willing to just give up the one thing he had come here for ?
well , maybe that s the thing , yeah ?
there is just one thing we ask of you .
i think the thing is , or , so to speak , what we need to understand from all this is that , when the totality of it needed to go somewhere or they d start thinking he was crazy , group mind , he shouted , yeah , that s the word , i just , sorry , forgot it .
ca nt do that here he was right about one thing .
` ` so that 's the thing . ''
but completely unfazed by this furor , dr . pranav banerjee was sitting in his office , composed as ever and immaculately dressed as ever , with all his mental faculties focused on one thing and one thing alone , which was to solve the rubiks cube that was presently in his hands .
a wave of anger and guilt had rushed in to rishabhs conscience after sameer had told him about the incident with the director , he was angry at the extent of dirty tactics that were being employed to quell his protest , and guilty that in his personal fight , his friend was having to sacrifice the one thing he loved the most .
i ' m a cold - hearted royal army sorcerer , and my father instilled in me that only one thing matters in life : serving the royal family .
if you send those men out tonight you better do one thing first .
look , you ll understand better when you get a bit older , sky , but in life , we all just have that one thing that we need to chase after .
he did care for his thing .
now there s only one thing i would focus on if i were you , do nt die anymore .
and a guy like that is only interested in one thing .
auron , i promise you that i will declare peace once you deliver the jewel to me and one more thing , richard smiled .
however , you must promise me one thing .
public freak - fests are more her thing .
` ` before you say anything , promise me one thing , one thing only ... '' ` ` what is it ? ''
` ` before you say anything , promise me one thing , one thing only ... '' ` ` what is it ? ''
besides , modeling was not my thing . ''
there was only one thing that mattered in the zombie apocalypse : survival .
i d like to have one thing though .
so i d like you to promise me one thing , and its extremely important that the next time you seek out potentially dangerous adventures at least one other person will know and that person should be able to contact me upon the instant should things get out of hand .
` ` it symbolizes a spear , and in this sorry world , the symbol is the thing . ''
she could n't tell him about grendal , but she had to make quinn understand one thing .
survival was not the same thing as living .
` ` one thing at a time , '' bernard said .
rituals are n't my thing . ''
` ` like i already told you , astral projection was her thing .
hungry like the wolf ` ` the dohan prize one thing above all else . ''
before we could leave this place , i needed to do one more thing .
the thing was , down at the jail , there were two kinds of people : insiders and outsiders .
` ` but that 's the thing -- it 's all i ' ve got .
` ` that 's the thing , '' foss said .
right now i want to concentrate on the one thing that matters more than anything else - getting out of here before the monster kills me .
secrets were your thing ! ''
the important thing was not to panic .
` ` lots of cold water , that 's the thing , '' he said .
belief was the thing .
they swarmed in the darkness , without memory but driven by hope and lust for the one thing , the one thing a god craves - belief .
proof , that was the thing .
and the thing was never , ever , to go back and hide in the lavatory of unreason .
' to use the classic metaphor , the important thing is not to kill your own grandfather , ' he said , and smacked into the bedrock .
the important thing is not to panic . '
and the thing is ... the big thing about cohen is ... he 's contagious . ''
the important thing was not to let the other person have a chance to say ' but- ' , let alone ' who the hell do you think you are ? '
if going back was out of the question then only one thing remained .
being angry , that was the thing .
they taught children enough to shut them up , which was the main thing , after all .
but the thing was , you added sparkle .
the important thing was not to slow down .
the thing was ... the fact was ... well , who else had they got ?
the important thing is to have planted them . '
patronage , that was the thing .
the thing , he told himself , is not to look up or down , but straight ahead , into the marble , parcelling the impossible height into manageable sections .
that was the thing these days .
` ` but , sir , the thing is , do they know ?
` ` as far as we know , the dragon 's only good at one thing .
sir , the thing is ... '' ` ` well ? ''
if i 'd had less human or brownie blood in me , i might not have been able to bear the knife next to my skin , but i was n't just one thing .
he worked for everything he had and he did it with one thing in mind .
instead , they surrounded the smal group , their focus on one thing and one thing only .
instead , they surrounded the smal group , their focus on one thing and one thing only .
there was everything , but when i let myself get lost in the moment , taking in nothing other than the unattached , uninhibited shot of life that was pumping through my veins , there was just one thing left .
right now , he craved one thing so badly , had dreamed of the moment he had the right to do this again .
` ` a good slate roof , that is the thing , do you not agree with me , mr .
with veck 's massive body poised above her , reilly 's brain was focused on one and only one thing - and that was getting his pants down .
the damned thing inside him was costing him the only thing that mattered to him anymore .
maybe if i just buckled down and stayed with one thing it could happen , but my fear is that everything else might pass me by .
the thing that i was after , the thing that i understood , was upstairs , and upstairs was where i had to go .
the thing that i was after , the thing that i understood , was upstairs , and upstairs was where i had to go .
` ` but you must promise me one thing , '' he said .
` ` there 's only one thing left now . ''
not really my thing , being sensible .
i moved very slowly , because my body chemistry was all screwed up ; my muscles did n't know if they were cold from inactivity or warm from adrenaline , and my mind was scurrying around many different corners , but focused on one thing - finishing this run , out of pride .
peeta , the thing i want so badly to secure , is the light .
the important thing was that the blast had been pointing upward .
the thing was to go back to diegotown while his twin was still recuperating , clean out the accounts , maybe borrow some on credit , and then make his way south .
that was the thing ; keep the two of them speaking .
` ` the thing is , you do n't understand flow , '' ramon said , in a strangely conversational tone , as if they were having a beer together in a bar somewhere .
somehow , he would find the one thing he 'd always wanted without realizing it .
the thing is , old buddy , you wanted litchfield to look uneasy , but even more than that , you wanted him to look guilty .
yet one clear idea came through this mix of emotions , one thing he needed to do before he did anything else : he had to make up with bill .
such an upbringing almost negated such nice moral questions as who was working for the good and who was working for the bad ; the important thing was not to let the bullies kick sand in your face .
he hesitated , unsure of how to reply ... because they did matter , that was the thing .
` ` but private detective work is n't my thing . ''
one - on - one fights were my thing .
' i ' ve got one thing i wanted : a bit of light .
get them off the ground floor , that was the thing .
perhaps that was the thing he was going to keep from her , the power he would hold in reserve to maintain control over her .
` ` that 's the thing , boy .
or ... she had one thing .
tensoon stuck a paw into the depression , digging out the ash , working to uncover the things he had hidden a year before .
` ` we 're forgetting one thing , lord breeze , '' sazed said .
above all , the keepers had searched for one thing : knowledge of their own religion , the beliefs of the terris people .
` ` but , well ... elend , you ' ve got one thing going for you as a king that i never did . ''
` ` the thing my sect was founded for , the thing my people have spent lifetimes searching to discover .
` ` the thing my sect was founded for , the thing my people have spent lifetimes searching to discover .
he basically only wanted one thing : vengeance .
the thing was , what if i had this whole situation wrong ?
and it was n't a huge declaration of why i should trust him , but that was the thing .
in the meantime , the great thing was not to be tricked again .
` ` there 's one thing , '' said lucy .
` ` you know one thing , '' interjected a quiet voice , enhanced despite the fact that the speaker was not standing at the podium .
his conscious mind was fixed on one thing and one thing only : the best way to spot rose tomorrow without being spotted himself .
his conscious mind was fixed on one thing and one thing only : the best way to spot rose tomorrow without being spotted himself .
` ` the thing is , you do n't understand flow , '' ramon said .
you are also blind to the only thing that might let you escape this mad scheme alive - not that i would mind if you were torn to bloody shreds by aeson 's people .
the thing was , casey did n't exactly look hung over .
` ` i mean , they 're great books , but i just never thought of them as his thing . ''
the thing is ... '' i took a deep breath .
cel was insane , but he was right about one thing .
' fields - born , though , that 's the thing , ' said howard .
` ` seems it does , and i ' m thinking balance might be the thing . ''
she said they were untrustworthy and only interested in one thing .
` ` we want the same thing . ''
` ` we all want the same thing . ''
her mom was right about one thing , though : the book was the only thing capable of getting cassie out of this mess .
i need your particular talents for one thing and one thing only , and then , as far as i ' m concerned , you can go to hell and take sarah with you .
she wanted only one thing , and it was the iron - hard central core of who she was : she wanted to go home .
` ` that 's the thing , '' i growled .
` ` only of one thing , '' she said .
we were fighting for the same thing , remember ?
she 'd focused on only one thing : finding the dragon reborn .
the shaido had left him two things : a scent of blood on the air and a hundred thousand refugees to care for .
but there were reasons why that was a bad idea , principal among them that i would lose the one thing in my life that really meant something to me .
` ` i only want one thing in this world , and that 's to hear that sick bastard vaughn scream like he made justin scream . ''
i had only one thing , and it was a huge risk .
talking to random women just was n't my thing .
all of them , however , seemed intent on one thing : hurting me very badly .
` ` you 're forgetting one thing , '' i said .
` ` but in all your planning , you failed to consider one thing . ''
hey tats , the thing is , were disturbing folks .
my brother , i have but one thing to ask of you , and knowing that you will see to my wishes is the only thing that calms my troubled soul during these last few moments before we depart .
andrew did n't need to say anything more , for there was only one thing that lucien ever used the west lawn for .
` ` one thing more , captain . ''
i have to do one thing first .
she could never know that the only thing that was keeping daisy going was the hope that william would make it as an actor in london , so he would nt go to paris anyway .
he wanted just one thing , to do one good deed before he died .
damn , playing a woman like the sax , that s my thing !
one thing was certain i was being used .
and so he rushed arun and myine with only one thing in mind , to push them both over the cliff and into the fate they so deserved .
also , one thing more i ask of you .
he rode without concentration of the horse , centering his focus on one thing , chavelles eye slots .
senji and kumarajiva came to understand that the important thing was to create a positive relationship with ones surroundings at every moment .
the important thing was improving peoples lives , today , not in some distant future .
you want one thing from her , and then once you have had your pleasures , it will be over .
mother , may i ask one thing of you ?
when the people had finally quieted , he said , ` ` ' fore any of you loudmouths start gettin ' on your high horse an ' thinkin ' you could do a better job , jus ' remember one thing .
my younger brothers rob and matthew are the only thing i care about in life and i will try my best to keep them safe .
no , jina , i want only one thing and that is to see that zaliek gets what he deserves . '
each man has only one thing in common survival , personal survival at any cost .
ridge knew that the only thing that now stood between all of them and a sudden deadly shoot - out was whatever good sense and courage billy bass could muster , and the young deputy already stood facing an angry man who held a drawn revolver pointed at his belly .
it was easily decided upon that a tour of india was just the thing though at times , stefan wondered if his father hoped to be rid of him if only to push away the heartache at seeing his eldest son so depressed .
an evening of high tea and dancing would then be the last thing on his mind .
but the thing is , what do you think of the idea ?
you have my permission , but there is one thing that i ask of you .
in her eyes , he saw the one last thing he needed .
not when that mass of blackguard muscle bunched and rippled , intent on one thing .
sarah , in all my years serving up drinks and food , margaret said , as her muscly forearms and sinewy hands rolled the pastry on the big table in the kitchen , i have learnt one thing about men .
as i struggle to get dressed , the captain says , i want you to remember one thing : this crew is a superstitious lot , and they regard you as a good - luck charm .
your father wants one thing from you .
that , he thought , was the one thing she would never give up ; the love for which she 'd sacrificed her homeland and her royal status .
infantry was not his thing .
but , it mattered to me and i drew my knife and started running towards the village with one thing on my mind : i would kill aedann .
that be the thing .
she pulled him up to the stand , the tangy , savory scent of hot dogs and mustard making her stomach rumble but she only wanted one thing from the stand .
heres the thing , serenity .
it just seemed that the teachers , preachers and all the parents in his neighborhood wanted the same thing : be like us .
or have you forgotten the most important thing about our team ?
the chance this was nt just another painful lesson about the big wide world was the only thing holding him together right now .
the only thing left to conquer , really , was her career , or lack of it .
guns are nt really my thing .
i did have one thing going for me .
the first type of man is the common sort that kelly was exposed to night after night : stupid , jerky , immature and in pursuit of only one thing .
the one thing she wanted most was to make a difference and to not be forgotten and i , her best friend and blood brother had forgotten her in the space of a day .
there is one thing , emma says as she hesitates .
so she decided that it would be her thing , her drink , because it made her smile just to say it .
when the pounding of his heart settled , and his breathing slowed , apollo thought of one thing and one thing only : his sister .
when the pounding of his heart settled , and his breathing slowed , apollo thought of one thing and one thing only : his sister .
once we know the serum works , i will finally have the last thing i need to complete my army and use them for my victory against that bastard , the once so - called king of spain , max thought to himself .
despite her many failures , her time alone had taught her only one thing .
now though , as he made his way out onto the main road , there was only one thing on his mind , something that would help him overcome the trauma of the previous four days .
this is the thing , jess , he said .
shed come down here to talk to him about one thing , and one thing only .
he did nt want it to be real because if this were real it only meant one thing for him .
` ` one last thing i need to show you .
before he found peace in death , he needed one thing first revenge .
i wo nt guarantee you a victory , but i promise you one thing ; i will make sure that when the plague comes , the price to take this world will be high indeed .
but he had to do one thing first .
the blessings of the mind -- invention and creativity -- were devoted to one thing , murder .
at the moment , the only thing he sought was vengeance to take as many of the undead fiends as possible with him to the afterlife .
they were both looking for the same thing .
margot needed one last thing before she left the house , and ...
the lights faded out and my senses honed in on one thing and one thing only .
the lights faded out and my senses honed in on one thing and one thing only .
this time , shaking the cart for thrills or making out was the last thing on my mind .
sadness was his thing now .
he needed only one thing from them .
i would use my dumbbells at home and go for the occasional jog just to keep in shape , but contact sport was never really my thing .
math is kind of my thing , more than anything else i could decide on in school .
regardless of what would happen next , angelo was at least certain of one thing .
that s the thing , frigg .
ron wanted only one thing : to break free and kill the unknown thing that was driving him mad .
she thinks the only reason boys want a girlfriend is for one thing and one thing only .
she thinks the only reason boys want a girlfriend is for one thing and one thing only .
all ned 's hopes of helping the dead girl rested on but one thing .
because at the end , i had one thing , one desperate thing that i did nt realize i had .
because at the end , i had one thing , one desperate thing that i did nt realize i had .
there are thousands of ways to give punishment , he may have told us to take ten or twenty rounds of football court outside , or he would have not given us food for today , but enjoy yourself , two nights at graveyard , '' i said in a voice which was quite similar to the one who gave us such a harsh punishment , '' but one thing is good , '' we both were looking at goku who saw something good in this .
demon lords , like barbatas however well , they only care about one thing , the elder whispered and then roughly jammed his finger up into her crotch .
and it needed one thing : blood .
` ` so , what s your thing , eh ? ''
the thing was to break the fixation .
by this point , zombies were everywhere , blocking the exits , a seething mass of flesh - hungry monsters with one thing on their mind : dinner .
alright , i believe you , but please do one thing with me before we go out there .
the one thing he had been chasing for so long was suddenly here for the taking .
the last thing on his agenda was dodging a deadly tornado or two .
shooting people was just not his thing .
ash was breathing harder than he had since trying out for track in high school and finding out that it was nt his thing .
that kind of trouble only leads to one thing too , same place where eric just went .
he felt like something had been lifted from him , and he knew he only wanted one thing .
the glowing thing pitched suddenly , and sven saw the outline of a man , then sven was running toward him , intent on one thing onlykilling the intruder .
for the one thing it was forever denied .
torque was focused on one thing : the place he 'd heard rumors about in prison the last 10 years .
her eyes were only able to focus on one thing .
` ` probably much the same thing as you : collectors .
magic is her thing , what really interests her .
i want to do one thing before we change , nathaniel said .
` ` no , because we have one thing you do n't . ''
` ` guns are not our thing . ''
as they started back down the hall , clay with his arm around alice 's shoulders , tom said : ` ` one thing . ''
you did n't have to deal with the monster under the bed or lurking in the corner if ~ou 7 never actually turned on the bedroom lights , that was the thing .
he had to talk to his parents before they stared at him so hard they set his shirt on fire ... but before he did , there was one other thing he had to know .
right now she only cared about one thing : getting the bloody hell out of here .
the important thing was to get beyond what janas had thought of as the ' q - zone ' .
' i only care about one thing , ' owen said .
i decided there was one thing i did need before calling minnesota .
she had found her thing , her focus , her m tier .
but she would n't still be here tomorrow morning , that was the thing .
you forget one thing , the girl in the stocks told her .
it was the thing .
there was only one thing that mattered at this moment : his defeat of hell house and the victory of his work .
the thing was to get through this one , to get the power back on , and then to forget it .
the thing was , you could n't watch all of them .
he could begin to sympathize with his father the thing he 'd never asked himself , jack realized now , was exactly what had driven his daddy to drink in the first place .
` ` but you must know one thing . ''
' there 's one thing i 'd like to know , ' he said .
` ` lisandro is right on one thing , anita .
or nearly all - there is one final thing i 'll get to in a moment .
tad was the thing .
i knew they wanted one thing .
yes , stetson 's thoughts were jumbled at best , but he knew he wanted one thing : for his boss to come closer .
is that the thing ?
twelve a map ` ` three conversations about one thing ` ` a return ` ` a confession ` ` another vision ` ` how things endure three days later , abraham 's fever has broken and he is up and walking around the compound , whistling lewdly at female passers - by .
the thing is , i can shuffle around the dance floor in a slow waltz , but anything more ambitious and i d fall over .
one thing he knew ; steer well clear of any mumbo jumbo , bible - pushers , gurus , soul savers in general and vegetarians .
if she s transitional , main thing is , get her relaxed , save her strength , no pushing yet .
the thing was the others were joking .
it surely must be the three of us that are causing the production of the light but the thing is what s so special about us ?
also tonight , the stud has to face a raging rage , with one thing on his mind , destroying the stud to get to raoul .
so yeah , the fine arts were n't my thing .
i guess my thing is that i love to try new things .
and the thing is , you re awesome .
ladies only come into my room for one thing .
barnaby , who was reading the morning paper in a large leather chair by the window , attempted to give a warm and sympathetic smile to his guest , but warm and sympathetic just were nt his thing .
of the initial eighty , now only one thing remained .
there was only one thing he really cared about .
that seemed like a good plan , but one thing was stopping me : my feet .
a monologue was more like his thing .
could n't hurt to try , yes , but good old - fashioned slaughtering was more its thing .
she was only here for one thing , and as nobody in the room was a ten foot hunk in red lycra she was already feeling disappointed .
no offence , but you know that s not my thing , buddy .
maybe color is nt your thing .
anna i have one thing on my bucket - list : do n't die .
there is just one thing that i need to know from you , the dark man continued .
he could roast in hell for all the others cared ; they wished for only one thing : that delicious dish revenge , served now , with boiling hot endives and so they 'd start another game .
he scurried upstairs , thinking of only one thing .
once inside the brain of a rat , toxo is able to reprogram the rats brain so that the rat becomes obsessed with one thing -- and only one thing .
that was nt the thing though .
they re from different planets , but coincidentally , their work focused on the same thing : the control of space - time , and how it might be used to affect reality .
the big thing was surviving the wall of ice which was making its way down from the arctic towards northern europe and north america .
of course , my thing is ducks , he said .
candy knew he only wanted one thing .
she saw there were a couple of bottles of red wine to choose from , wine not really being her thing , but the only bottle already open , and half empty , was the one labelled merlot , so she decided that would have to be the right one .
you ll be fingerprinted and then your fingerprints will connect you to the very thing you ve been trying to hide .
the thing isi like you .
see , that s the thing , this floor and the four beneath it belong to cypher systems .
the thing is , what s to be done ?
dave was brief and edited large portions of his story , as one thing was essential .
most kidnappings are about one thing : money .
though the name sounds comprehensive , they specialize in one thing .
roger walked up to the tables and said ( lying ) , we have the new ads almost done , but we need one thing .
a few seconds later he said softly , well , yeah , that was sort of the thing .
at least he had decided on one thing .
my friend , he said , we are here to do one thing , and one thing only .
my friend , he said , we are here to do one thing , and one thing only .
with that as a statement of reality , roger realized the same thing jinny had realized a couple of days earlier , when he faced the task of dealing with the hermitage perimeter security system .
right now the thing was to get them dressed and groomed .
so yeah , religion has never been my thing .
` ` that 's the thing , is n't it ?
staying home all day was never my thing .
young guys they just want one thing , ya know ?
the important thing was to make sure the new owner would have no idea what was going on , that his cars were being used this way .
` ` you could join us , but there 's just one thing . ''
you all want the same thing -- to be rich and famous and to lord it over everyone else .
` ` mmm , nice , not really my thing , though . ''
my thing . ''
in that very moment , i spotted -- my thing , that is , spotted a particularly exuberant female camel and fixated on her humps . ''
there was only one thing for it ; i 'd have to gouge a new channel through my fragile mortal clay to irrigate my desiccated being with good and constructive desire for a camel of virtue . ''
` ` i do nt know what he likes , that s the thing .
the aforementioned mcdonald 's restaurant had one thing every senior class hoped to capture , but only a handful ever did .
just as i ' m getting warmed up , he dribbles marmalade on my tits ... . ` ` men are only useful for one thing , '' said veda , ` ` and they 're not even good at that . ''
men were exploitative and only interested in one thing .
would provide frankl with the direction for their therapy because he would know the thing that really matters in their life .
his mind was focused on only one thing .
i smile , hopefully in a reassuring way , but the first thing his eyes are drawn to is my restraints .
words , that 's the thing .
they re the important thing .
zarg had only one thing on his mind , freedom , and the chance it gave him to explore a new world on his terms .
most boys that age would be in to cars and trucks , but not charlie it seems seeing as he has only one thing on his mind and that s boobies all right .
heres the thing , she said , arms folded and eyes now intense .
fueled by pain and rage from the loss of his mate , he s itching for a fight , but one thing stands in his way , kitara : a beautiful dark - haired woman with unique psychic abilities and an unusual link to the saints .
kallistos coven had one thing going for them .
i can gossip with the best of them , but telling a story is not my thing .
but one last thing i require of you .
to say you were only good for one thing ?
when she wanted to know the difference , fiona explained that a nice boy would like her for herself , while the kind of boy who stared at exposed navels only had one thing in mind .
he was looking for one thing and one thing only .
he was looking for one thing and one thing only .
here is the thing .
there s one thing i do i m really proud of .
i moved my eyes in rapid motions , bouncing from spot to spot on the highway , so that i would nt focus too much on one thing for too long and begin to fall asleep .
the main thing is to win your personal armageddon and not to appear in that crowd .
not my thing , but people love them .
sam , however , just did nt feel school was his thing , but he had to make a change .
` ` there is one thing , '' she says , looking at the other woman 's eyes with a serious expression .
` ` i do have to point out one thing though , '' he adds hesitantly , staring at the label on the sample jar in his hand , not wanting to disappoint his friend .
because that s the thing , i was always sick , but i was nt sexually unappealing .
his big thing was the mirror .
one of those boring , drawn - out affairs where her two brothers , luke and vance , both successful in business and not very modest about it , would flank him with friendly advice about the real thing in life , money ; where their wives , karen and alice respectively , would flirt with him , not quite seriously , he figuredthough he had never put that theory to the testbut always outrageously .
elsie was nt quite sure what gave her away , maybe it was her eyes moving back and forth between beth and herself and the sofa behind them and the wall and the picture upon it , never resting on any one thing very long .
her eyes searched the living room as if help were hiding somewhere close ; pausing on and taking in each in turn : the telephone , the tv that only the kids were watching nowadays , the sofa where bill always used to sulk , the armchair where beth had struggled , the threadbare carpet , the family pictures , the picture of when she was just little , bill proud and holding her , the window , or what little she saw of it between the drawn curtains , the door , the telephone again ; her mind scanning all the while , not landing on any one thing .
for once a season arrives , officially or not , and for the next week or soafter which the storm will have gained so much hold that no one paid much , if any , attention to ads or commercials anywayall advertising , well , virtually all advertising , will focus on one thing , and on one thing only : mating .
for once a season arrives , officially or not , and for the next week or soafter which the storm will have gained so much hold that no one paid much , if any , attention to ads or commercials anywayall advertising , well , virtually all advertising , will focus on one thing , and on one thing only : mating .
these men have only the one thing in mind , and nothing short of a bullet will stop that .
the three pm breeze blows in and i start to slink into a midday nap , the only thing on my agenda before i chop up a shitload of veggies for a killer stir fry .
the important thing , said ruth , addressing clare again .
` ` there 's one thing you need to know about jude , '' blaise told him .
nenkoseni replied , nozam knew that the most important thing was to get in good with the knf .
i took a look at myself and decided it was time to go straight for the real thing , namely to practise law .
he was in the condition that overtakes some monomaniacs entirely concentrated upon one thing .
when katie was clinging to my arm , murder was the last thing on my mind .
the thing is , i said , that i d like to talk to whoever else billy did business with .
the phone rang and josh listened while his father said , uh huh , yes , the thing is to someone who apparently did nt let him finish any sentence for four or five minutes .
' that 's the thing princess .
` ` these boyos are only interested in one thing lad , gold , and heaven ' elp anyone that gets in their way . ''
the first group of four was led by ricardo and vargas , the amount of gold they were wearing hampered their every movement , even in the danger of their present position the men had only thoughts for only one thing .
the important thing is that we characters progress .
i have just the thing , signor colling , torre doro .
the one choice forever in a mans control is the way he faces his death the one thing that is truly his .
once you release that burst , you 'll know you ' ve found your true calling in life , the only thing that matters , the thing that everything else is secondary to .
yet despite being right about so much , hanratty had one thing completely wrong .
and the thing was that was what she thought we should do love is about compromise .
the journey was the only thing we had in mindso long as it took us away .
you can find shannon on the following networks : twitter : @ shannongreenlan facebook : shannon greenland website : www.shannongreenland.com goodreads : http : //www.goodreads.com / author / show/345637.shannon_greenla no walk in the park by rj tolson first thing is first , writing a book was no walk in the park .
one thing remains for you , and he handed begietan a long parcel wrapped in rough , brown cloth .
he had the same thing in mind .
oh well , boatwood said abruptly , maybe vivas are your thing .
counterpoint was my thing ; in the notes of the bass guitar , in the structure of the vocal harmonies and in the wandering guitar lines .
and me , well , cancer robbed me of the most important thing in my life .
it had seemed that every boy and man that i had been with through my teen and college years was after one thing and that was to get to bed .
she would confide her deepest secrets to me and it aided me in being mature and stayed away from guys who only wanted one thing .
the guilt could be addressed in treatment , but it could never be erased ; the key thing was to help helen find the possibility of redemption .
she cared about one thing and one thing only as she pushed through the revolving doors and into the foyer : her clients welfare and her role in protecting it .
she cared about one thing and one thing only as she pushed through the revolving doors and into the foyer : her clients welfare and her role in protecting it .
the thing i ask myself , though , is why could nt he be proud of me anyway ?
if golf history is your thing then you might consider zipping back to 1935 , four years before the horror of a world war that would bring life for a generation to a shuddering halt .
there is one thing , moritz , that every hunter needs to keep in mind .
the thing is we do nt want to be late .
coupling to be done for one thing , social networks to explore and reap profit from , as well as other forms of gratification .
he seems such a shallow type of man and i am sure he is only after one thing .
however the important thing was to keep the local people informed about what was going on so they would have the knowledge to resist underhand dealings such as accepting toxic waste for disposal .
there 's comfort in this guiding thought even she does n't have the tools but dreams and dreams like other machines built from piss and puss and shit and as they say , ' if you 're bleeding boy , you are not dead yet ' but here today to get the feel for the anti - hero 's grace so fall through the floor of your evermore behold his beautiful face then with your body pocket - less pulsing with an angel 's blood whatever you see or hear or think is just another name for love because when it 's all said and done only one thing counts did you ride the bull of time with pride ?
the sheriff replied , but hale , keep one thing in mind for me if you would .
my mind was focused on only one thing -- talking to someone who could help me feel better .
that s the thing , i said .
he then looked at theo and said ` ` oh , and one more thing '' he then handed theo a carry case for the guitar .
they are focused on one thing : winning ; that is all they know .
the thing is , redmonds erratic and no one knows exactly what comes next .
and the thing is , joses a good guyhes really into punk rock and on weekends dresses like a deadhead with tie - dyed shirts , headband and the works .
` ` you ' ve got one thing right , pal .
that s the thing , walker said .
what was the thing ?
or i could tell myself my vision was not worth committing to paper , that would be the thing .
nothing left but the surface -- the only thing they truly cared about .
toward the one thing i ' ve been sent out here to discover .
the thing was , a helicopter coming in for refuelling would only be given virgin paraffin .
when i finished putting my personal stamp on the place , one thing remained .
cody , the thing you have to understand is that probably half the drivers at the speedway are guilty of some sort of safety violation .
it was their thing , private , secret , personal .
' lenny , ' i said , ' i 'll sell you the pistol , but you ' ve got to promise me one thing . '
maybe that 's the thing .
but he did want one more thing from angus .
borrowing of my fire was the last thing on your murderous mind .
slowly pips thoughts crystallised to only one thing .
of course , fred was forgetting one thing .
d - boy had only one thing in mind : taking mos power in the only way he knew .
the thing is , there could be links with two of our open cases .
well , that s the thing , grey could nt help but retort , years of interviews having trained him in spotting the psychological moment in a conversation , according to our colleagues , stephen did most of his business on pay - as - you - gos , a new one each week .
do nt worry , i ve just the thing , a little detail aubrey shared with me .
you know were all working toward the same thing : catching bad guys .
here 's the thing , victoria .
international law enforcement insisted that , as unfortunate as the personal financial fate of the techtron employees was , the key thing was not to lose sight of the nukes .
you ve been a tremendous help , but we need you to do one more thing for us .
` ` tact is n't your thing , is it ? ''
kara and i had developed tunnel vision , our eyes and minds focused on one thing and one thing only : catching the killer .
kara and i had developed tunnel vision , our eyes and minds focused on one thing and one thing only : catching the killer .
it was as if he had one last thing he needed to do , one thing he needed to say before he could finish his journey .
it turned out zander had one thing absolutely wrong .
sean parker had obviously come for one thing .
chapter fourteen my nights work done i hot footed it back to my place with one thing in mind , try and get some sleep .
but he had one thing going for him , he thought .
chapter sixteen quick shuffle ` ` it 's time , '' i told teresa , who was finishing her trick behind a rusted chevy truck that had no hood or tires and was now good for only one thing : camouflage .
yeah , the thing i m looking for is far off campus .
the only thing for certain in my life was he was going to screw up .
number one , which is something apparently none of you have figured out yet , the main thing baker is after , and messick before him , is a platform to get the truth out about aids and hiv and azt to the american public .
the car pulled to a stop and immediately it was besieged by reporters who were all after one thing : him .
mental pilates , that was the thing .
that s the thing , he did , but either he impaled them and then ate or he came back for the meal or it was completely staged .
i was only in my late fifties , but endurance hikes were never my thing , even in my thirties , so it did nt sound appealing .
delaney settled hands to her hips and said directly , i know men like you , mr . harris , and you re interested in one thing and one thing onlymoney .
one night stands had never really been his thing and he d always been so careful about avoiding such encounters .
chapeau savoured the panic in duclos ' voice before commenting , ' so whether it 's you or your friend , at least we ' ve established one thing .
sophie , twenty - five , worked at dsbd in it as a service desk analyst , recently transferred from another department , currently single , and had one huge thing going for love .
this might work if we concentrate on one thing .
i felt like an idiot , but i had one thing they probably did nt have .
hotels were not his thing .
watching from doorways was apparently his thing .
the thing is , the poisoned cake might be a piece of your death by chocolate cake .
see , the thing is , i m in bad shape .
the important thing is these people deliver .
the important thing was to get to a populated area as quickly as possible .
her coming to kingston meant only one thing : challenging the coopers .
i just need one thing from you .
but despite all of that , he had one thing going for him .
my old man had one thing right about this guy .
but on this day , when all london seemed to have just one thing in mind , enjoying the frost fair , he said , may i treat you both to a ride on the merry - go - round ?
you re a smart cop , but you forgot one thing .
holiday celebrations are nt really our thing .
i tried to hug him but , intent on only one thing , he twisted out of my grasp .
oh and by the way , i ve got one more thing for you as well .
the thing is , it 's a rental , right ? ''
` ` there 's one thing . ''
bar fights , especially women catfights , are nt my thing .
taylor i gritted my teeth as i stared into the eyes burning with thirst , his mind focused on one thing .
jayr , one last thing , i said , following her and trynnadon back upstairs , stopping in front of a door that led in to the main parts of the house .
the thing was you could nt even counter the attack .
that s the thing , i really think lauren was mostly anonymous .
swords were nt really my thing .
as they stood there , weighing their options , there was one thing emma was positive of , she was n't going to stay in that house another minute .
it was nt that people were going to die , though they might , but that hywel understood one true thing : that by bringing cadwaladr to justiceif indeed that became necessaryhe would break his fathers heart .
wearing visibly old clothes means only thing : a - list hand - me - downs too gorgeous to pass to charity .
we lacked one thing ; however , see it is necessary from time to time for my government to show success against the west , and the terrorist acts that your corrupt leaders perpetrated against their own people gave our leaders that much needed success .
cornelius vanderbilt was a foul - tempered , mean , vulgar , son - of - a - bitch who cared about one thing and one thing only : money .
it was the same thing i had followed into the mountains , the undying consciousness - i could see people 's souls .
` ` well , yes , laid , '' and there was a collective sigh of relief , ` ` but that 's not the thing .
` ` you said you were after the same thing as me .
jeremy nodded , thankful vinny understood they were both after the same thing .
that was the key thing .
grace was starved for one thing .
on the other hand , the magazine is a threat because of one thing only : bjorck 's 1991 police report .
the inevitable media storm could lead only to one thing .
` ` but remember one thing . ''
being seen was the thing .
` ` only one thing , '' sara answered .
` ` but the thing is - it 's like when margo would ask you to do top - secret stuff .
` ` the thing about that guy is a gigolo , '' radar says , ` ` i mean , the thing about it as a game , is that in the end it reveals a lot more about the person doing the imagining than it does about the person being imagined . ''
not my thing , but harmless .
the first thing on my list for today was collecting the money owed me by the yorks .
architecture had always been my thing , only i never had the chance or money to visit a place this grand .
compliments were n't my thing , but for some inexplicable reason jett 's words made me return the smile .
that was not her thing - she regarded herself as a mediocre writer .
` ` and marrying into this crazy family is n't really my thing , '' eva said , patting martin affectionately on the knee .
running was obviously not her thing .
` ` you concentrated on one thing and one thing only : getting clu in your grasp .
survival is the thing .
the fight was the thing .
yerardi did run some bookies , but loan - sharking was his thing .
flemmi : you 're forgetting one thing , mr . wyshak .
` ` dc comics are n't really my thing . ''
we both only care about one thing .
that 's always been my thing .
i knew he was only interested in me for one thing , and i 'd be damned if i was going to give it to him .
i felt a little lonely not having someone with me and i missed evie 's honest assessment of clothes i tried on , but i knew that one thing i really needed to work on was learning how to make choices for myself , no matter how big or small .
taking chances had never been my thing .
my mind is focused on one thing and one thing only .
my mind is focused on one thing and one thing only .
and now , here i am , after a night that i still ca n't really process , in his house , and by the heated look he is throwing at me from across the living room , there is no doubt in my mind that we both want the same thing here .
` ` but come on , you 're surrounded by a bunch of jerk - offs that have one thing on their minds at all times .
he had it all : looks , money , personality , but he did n't have one thing yet .
` ` but the thing is , all these years you think you ' ve been giving me second - best- '' ` ` more like fourth - best , '' he muttered .
piercing had n't been my thing , although i liked the look of his lip ring .
that was the thing , i 'd realized : when i got embarrassed over a stammer or block , it turned into vicious cycle .
these women are good for one thing , and she seems more than ready to go .
the most important thing is to keep raven calm and safe .
green eyes remained focused on one thing , her watchful gaze never deviating from its direction .
` ` your daddy once told me that his heart only beat for one thing . ''
i only asked for one thing while planning this wedding and that was to pick our song .
not really my thing , but i 'd heard bits and pieces about it here and there .
` ` dancing 's my thing .
his thing is an accelerated healing process .
in less than twenty - four hours , i 'd lost the one thing that had come to matter more to me than anything .
mojitos were n't my thing .
they all wanted and needed the same thing : to stick their dicks in as many women as often as they could .
at least he had one thing right .
the eve i 'd been born wanted one thing , but the eve i 'd become had to do the opposite .
my job was one thing and one thing only - to seduce the husband and open up that pre - nup loophole .
my job was one thing and one thing only - to seduce the husband and open up that pre - nup loophole .
niklas only gets one thing from me before he carries me out of the room many minutes later ; he manages to get that water into me he spoke of before .
` ` commitment is n't really your thing . ''
` ` commitment 's more your thing . ''
good is n't really my thing . ''
` ` opening up 's never been my thing .
you all came here with one thing in mind . ''
trust me we 're really only after one thing and the next morning all we really want is for you to go quietly away .
` ` you forgot one thing . ''
there 's only one thing that matters to druggies , and that 's getting high .
they have one thing on their mind and one thing only .
` ` liam is after one thing .
that 's the thing - sometimes when you give to someone it really is n't selfless .
amy here 's the thing about bookish girls ... we know a lot more about sex than you would ever imagine .
promiscuity seemed to be her thing for a while .
i can only focus on one thing .
she laughed , ` ` creative cuisine was never your thing . ''
before he could speak , i said , ` ` i only want to ask you one thing . ''
it is n't my thing , but like i said - three is the magic number and this is my third interview - the one i do n't care about .
` ` titties are his thing , but he prefers a certain pair . ''
my girl cassie here seems to think that you 're only after one thing . ''
cars are my thing , and i kind of nerd out when i talk about them . ''
i ' m good for only one thing .
make me feel things ... that 's the thing , lila .
` ` drawing was more of my thing . ''
then i was going to have my revenge , the only thing that had kept me going over the years .
the only thing i had going for me , in accepting the lie , in forgetting the past , was that he loved me .
she had one thing left - one secret of her own - and that was the fact that she was ellie watt .
all that was left was javier bernal a drug lord with only one thing on his mind - his own rise to the top .
i want one thing in life .
` ` first thing 's first : i ' ve got to check on my car .
no matter how badly i hurt , i did n't want to distract him from the one thing that truly owned his heart .
` ` the thing is , you keep talking about marriage and stuff and it really freaks me out , '' i tell her , and when she frowns i quickly add , ` ` but it 's not like i do n't think about where we 're going to be down the road ... if we 're going to end up together ... be together forever . ''
after my frantic catch - up on schoolwork over the holiday break , and wistfully watching my sister duck out on new year 's eve for a special d - bag performance that twisted my heart into knots , i focused on the second most important thing i needed to get squared away - a job .
nothing about his mouth on or near anything of mine actually grossed me out , but it was the principle of the thing .
` ` just let me ask you one thing , before i drop the subject forever . ''
` ` just do one thing for me ... ? ''
a slow , seductive game that can only lead to one thing .
` ` just remember one thing , darla , '' she said .
sorority life was n't really my thing , but katie really wanted me to rush with her so i did , but i did n't pledge mainly because i did n't want to even though i got picked , but also because the fees were expensive .
before either of us takes another step , i need one thing from you . ''
when someone like him shows interest in a random girl when he 's on a weekend trip , he 's only interested in one thing .
he wants one thing from me , and once he gets it , he 'll send me on my way .
` ` just ... i need one thing from you first . ''
he had one thing in mind .
` ` before i offer to help , i have to know one thing . ''
prologue the whirring sound of a helicopter landing a short distance away reached the security team stationed outside the panathenaic stadium like the faintest echo , but it was enough to get everyone moving , all of them assigned to ensure just one thing : that no media outlet would ever know why athens ' most famous and historic stadium was privately rented at this hour .
everything was forgotten , everything made unimportant compared to the need to make mairi realize one thing .
` ` that 's the thing !
and you 're going to hold back by concentrating on one thing , and one thing only . ''
and you 're going to hold back by concentrating on one thing , and one thing only . ''
you know the thing .
` ` got one more thing to ask of you . ''
` ` grams- '' ` ` want one thing before i die : to know you 'll go on after me and do it safe and happy .
` ` one last thing , sylvie .
bizarre or not , it was cool and even if it was n't my thing and it did n't look all that great now stuffed full of bodies and the detritus of a party , i could n't say it was n't stunning .
i turned and , eyes directed at my feet , i started to hurry to the outer door , escape the only thing on my mind .
i did my thing , found a pair of loose - fitting , soft , elastic waist pajama shorts with a cute little frilly edge on the hem and tugged them on .
` ` it is exactly my thing . ''
she was not his thing , normally .
he only cared about one thing .
` ` you got one thing then you get out , '' tate allowed and brad 's gaze came back to me .
home wares , his reaction to the concept stated clearly were not his thing .
that was her thing these days .
he made me focus on one thing only .
sitting taller , i said , ` ` so ... the thing i wanted to ask you ... '' what are you doing ?
but that was the thing .
flying was my thing .
my pu**y squeezed , intent on one thing , leaving me floundering .
thoughts echoed with no rebound , my mind could focus on one thing and not be swallowed by the past .
` ` however , before i can fill you , i have to do one thing .
i loved my wealth for one thing only : to save women .
you 're good for one thing and one thing only , to be available for me to f**k . get out of here , f**king crack - whore . ''
you 're good for one thing and one thing only , to be available for me to f**k . get out of here , f**king crack - whore . ''
epilogue ripper entered the club house with only one thing on his mind , to find a woman to f**k . the barbeque had been great , but watching all the men with women of their own had grown f**king boring .
he was a dying man , and the only thing left for him was her .
yeah , he liked a good drink , but losing himself in drugs had n't been his thing .
i need you for one thing , transportation .
like you said , richard , you only want one thing from me , and it 's not chit - chat . ''
` ` i asked one thing from you .
we 're here for one thing and that 's to get revenge on the bastard who tried to destroy us .
this was the one thing he never wanted to sacrifice .
each one totally different from each other but designed to give her the exact same thing , release .
` ` a man will say anything to get one thing .
he simply rolled over , pulled her on top of him , and said , ` ` personally , i ' m only hungry for one thing right now .
and then he 'd head back to his fields of chardonnay and give 100 percent focus to the only thing that really mattered : good food .
on the drive from napa to palo alto last saturday , on his way to the reunion , he 'd had only one thing in mind : getting even .
on a night like this , where everything he thought to be true , to be real , had spiraled out of control , there was only one thing left that might help him hold on to the remains of his sanity : the one woman he could n't have .
right now there was only one thing she wanted : to be alone , preferably naked , with the man of her dreams .
he had time to stop at the jewelers one more time , one more thing he needed to do before he went home .
the thing was , he did n't think there was enough alcohol in the world to accomplish that .
his mind was on only one thing at the moment , and that was his wayward wife .
` ` you just helped me complete one thing on my bucket list . ''
the thing was , part of it would exonerate me , but the other part would incriminate me .
he had let sam do all the hiring because the gym was more her thing than his .
she dissolved into a mindlessly dirty girl intent on one thing : cumming .
but that was the thing , being in dillon 's arms was worth the danger , and intensified the thrill .
school was never my thing , so i did n't go to college .
lying on the beach all day for a week is n't my thing .
not that the guy was grumpy mcgrumps or anything , but the one thing dylan had learned since moving in ?
threesomes were n't really his thing , mostly because of that strict small - town mentality he 'd endured growing up , but he appreciated that his teammates trusted him with their secrets , no matter how depraved .
i ' m here for one thing and one thing only , and that 's dad 's number .
i ' m here for one thing and one thing only , and that 's dad 's number .
` ` i just ask one thing of you . ''
designer clothes really were not my thing but i was doing what he asked of me because my ultimate goal was to make partner with his company .
fashion had never really been my thing but it was pretty easy to get used to the splurges .
i ' m no idiot but the stock market was n't my thing .
` ` that 's just the thing , princess .
` ` that 's the thing , kara .
he felt his skin begin to tingle , and david opened his eyes , forcing himself to replay what christian had told him as he 'd sat on the edge of the bed and proceeded to dash david 's hopes just when he 'd come to believe he could have the one thing he wanted most .
` ` but i ' ve learned on thing in life : you ' ve got to keep it real . ''
there was one thing he 'd have to kill me in order to take .
at thirty - three , he was tired of dating women who only wanted one thing from him .
` ` maybe not , but rathbourne is only interested in one thing from you , shoujo . ''
dressing up had never really been my thing .
the thing was , who would have to put up with the consequences , it would be the so called piece of meat .
she wanted some allies , but soon realized these girls wanted one thing -- money .
lord knows its the only thing you re good for .
he can go back in time and correct all the mistakes he has made , but he has to do one thing ... what is that ?
cooking was nt her thing .
he trusted me with the most important thing in his life , andris added .
` ` the same thing , i ' ve wanted since that day in the mall , '' he stroked his finger along the line of my shirt .
` ` hmm , i believe i have just the thing , she tells me with a secretive glint in her eyes as she grabs a slinky little strapless red dress out of the closet .
one thing was clearhe was good .
he wanted her to know that he was not after her for just one thing .
no , his thing was that even most chefs , according to him , did nt cook as well as his wife or his mother .
her outrageous words were ensuring the one thing that erin desperately wantedfrom this point forward , john ryman would go out of his way to avoid her .
there was only one thing he hid from her , one thing he could nt even admit in the confines of his brain .
you re forgetting one thing , she said , breaking up the merriment .
catherine walked past him , suddenly confident of one thing only .
just one thing in mind ?
he d switched gears professionally , and that meant he could finally think of settling down to a normal life , and go after the one and only thing he d ever wantedriley .
shed purchased some fancy new bra and panty sets and when shed bought them , he d only had one thing in mind -- getting them off her slowly .
all of the pendejos i ve dated lately only want one thing , and you know i do nt give up the goods to just anyone .
drawn into calebs eyes , she could tell that he had the same thing in mind .
see that s the thing , vincent answers .
that s one thing you ai nt gon na find right now .
perhaps you know a good ghost writer - its not my thing really .
casual conversation was nt his thing .
socializing was nt really his thing .
he was here for one thing only .
that 's the thing , hunter .
i had my eyes focused on one thing and one thing only ... that was kade .
he did nt waste time with pleasantries ; he was here for one thing , and one thing only .
he did nt waste time with pleasantries ; he was here for one thing , and one thing only .
only one good thing had come out of her three year marriage to an abominable man , her daughter .
next thing he needed was to get her to trust him .
kaitlyn reached out to her twin , she s angry , kaitlyn tried to explain , attempting to play peacemaker , which was nt her thing .
warriors are brainless brawn , only good for one thing , his face reddened with anger , glaring at the men in front of him .
but you see , that s the thing , you re not offering , you re telling , kevan informed him .
well that s the thing , usually sentinels are sent in to protect their charges for a specific length of time .
she closed her eyes again , her breath slowing , letting her body relax as her thoughts focused in on the one thing that she wanted to find .
i doubt that hanging around on a little crowded beach is her thing though .
angela had one thing right .
rocks more my thing , but acoustics cool , too .
smiling at me like english is the last thing on your mind .
because that s the thing , jess .
it was , however , my thing .
i loved the way she dressed , but i knew that style would never be my thing .
apparently multi - tasking was her thing .
mornings were nt really my thing , usually .
stepping over the broken dish , he stalked to her with one thing on his mind .
one thing alex was sure of , if he was interested after speaking to her , he would nt be letting darians sensibilities interfere with getting what he wanted , friend or not .
but , whoever or however it got screwed up , one thing she was already certain of ; when it ended , it was going to hurt if she let him get any closer to her .
we all wanted the same thing ; we all wanted to be free of the zombie threat .
ill happily leave , but first you have to tell me one thing .
there is one thing that i want you to know before we go .
dave had never been a car guy ; it was nt ever his thing , but he could appreciate the fact that it was a really old car .
he was pretty sure he was only after one thing , and it was nt for friendship .
should he try and win eloises heart , the one thing he d risked his wings for ?
` ` may i ask of you one thing ? ''
though something in neils manner discouraged him from speaking too openly , one thing had to be said .
there s one other thing well need .
as he strode down blackstone drive , gabriel was certain of one thing and one thing only : as long as his heart beat in his chest , he would return to melissa .
flowers are nt my thing either , darcy said , frowning darkly .
the thing is , the front wheel tracks curved pretty tight to miss the hazard ; on a car like this , that takes some arm power .
it was unrelenting pressure , all focused on one thing .
books were never really his thing , he was always good with his hands .
sadly , this devil had just landed in the city of angels and sin was the last thing on my agenda .
` ` that 's the thing , son .
but the bar scene has never been my thing , especially in la .
yeah , i can see that sweet is nt your thing , sweetheart .
my brain is stuck on one thing .
` ` metaphors are n't really your thing . ''
revenge was so not her thing .
that s the thing , gloria shouted , i m not just yours .
for now she only wanted one thing .
she should have known all along he only had one thing on his mind .
i felt pangs of guilt for a past with a nameless , faceless group of girls that i only wanted for one thing .
actually the first thing was getting buster .
that was my thing .
nahh , that really was never my thing .
oh , shoot , ruth ... the thing is i m sorry , she jumped in .
this one thing left .
i was nt confident i would nt get kidnapped at some point , since that seemed to be my thing , so as soon as we could put vida in the rearview mirror , the better .
cars were nt my thing , and jared and hector were just as useless with them as i was .
i was failing miserably in raising funds and getting the numbers to work , but at the same time , i became desperate to hold on to the only thing that seemed right .
but to truly become mrs . stewbren , william wanted one thing .
hekuba however does have one thing right , the ghouls are a strong race .
she was only certain of one thing .
dancing was my thing when i did ballet as a kid .
thanatos was used for one thing , and one thing only .
thanatos was used for one thing , and one thing only .
` ` one thing you need to learn , '' she said , her eyes suddenly hard and angry .
` ` but one thing you need to know .
` ` one last thing , '' lindsey said .
but the thing you need to know is that i ' m here now , and i ' m not going to let anything happen to you or your sisters .
somewhere along the way - family legend attributed it to wyoming - he took up rock climbing , and spent the next ten years wandering from mountain to mountain , looking for two things : the ultimate climb and a place to leave his mark .
one thing she 'd learned since her appointment as a prayer ambassador .
` ` there is one thing , '' i said .
see , that was the thing .
he needed time to think things through , but that was the thing : there was no time .
one thing was for certain in all of this - if vengeance was what lady harriett was seeking , she 'd struck her target dead center .
he wants to work a little harder to get the thing he really wants .
college was his thing .
julia had only been about one thing .
but kia was only out for one thing .
` ` i ' m only here for one thing . ''
she would be the one who 'd be trapped ... trapped by a man who obviously thought of women as useful for one thing only .
` ` but ca n't you see he only wants one thing . ''
` ` just one thing first , though .
only a year ago i 'd been committed to one thing : my career .
now , the thing that mattered most to me was chloe , and every time my career got in the way of being with her it burned me up inside .
lap dances are n't really my thing . ''
` ` okay , please do n't freak but before we start i have to ask you one thing ? ''
the thing is ?
but just as quickly as her eyes widen at seeing me , they narrow into a slant and fill with one thing as the car speeds out of the parking lot , the radio blasting .
cage chuckled and draped an arm over my shoulders , ` ` i guess it does kinda mess up my well thought out future but the thing is , marcus makes you happy .
at the beginning , i thought he was after one thing and one thing only , but his behaviour soon told me otherwise , even if i did ignore it .
at the beginning , i thought he was after one thing and one thing only , but his behaviour soon told me otherwise , even if i did ignore it .
they 're my thing , you might say . ''
he wanted one thing , and that was to beat out his brother , milton , joseph 's father .
cal , i ' ve stayed in less stellar accommodations and done it for one thing .
unable to remain passively behind , i followed him and quickly discovered the same thing he had .
` ` one thing you need to realize .
as far as he was concerned , she was here for one thing and one thing only , and that was to provide cover for him .
as far as he was concerned , she was here for one thing and one thing only , and that was to provide cover for him .
` ` one thing though . ''
the thing was , she probably could afford to lose five pounds .
the thing is , seth , you 're good at sales .
the thing was , he could n't idly stand by because faith meant too much to him .
` ` i meant the pandemonium club- '' ` ` if you are quite done with your byplay , '' said benedict , ` ` i wish to make one thing very clear to my son .
` ` unfortunately , most of them are only interested in one thing . ''
while dillon operated a great bar and grill , the bar scene was n't really her thing .
i ' m assuming you and seth had a long talk in which he laid out the fact that he and michael and me all want one thing .
the important thing was that she would give them a memory to replace the one of her freaking out and scaring them to death .
cate had given them lay ton 's belongings , so the only thing left was revenge , which , as far as he was concerned , was a piss - poor reason for attacking an entire community .
the important thing was helping them escape their pain , even if doing so hurt a little .
she needed keith 's skills as a lawyer to tell her how to handle the situation , but there was one thing she knew just from talking to him .
` ` and what exactly is your thing ? ''
` ` just one thing , '' she tacked on , ` ` why do you need to know whether i ' m pregnant ? ''
luckily , she 'd figured out the guys before him had only wanted one thing from her - copies of her parents ' course exams - before she 'd done more than heavy kissing and a little uncomfortable groping .
` ` tell me one thing before we leave , '' he murmured in a low voice .
` ` languages are my thing .
that was the thing - everybody on the bus already had a seat .
it 's the only thing she 'll come out of hiding for .
` ` one thing at a time , '' he sighed as we got out of the car .
but then i remembered that she was good for one thing .
` ` one last thing , '' he said , gliding his arm behind her head and stepping close to her .
` ` that 's the thing - you never do . ''
but even as she asked , she knew one thing that was down there , one thing that penn would never be able to see .
but even as she asked , she knew one thing that was down there , one thing that penn would never be able to see .
her eyes settled on all the familiar signs that they were back : two unmade bunk beds , the clutter of plants on the windowsill , shelby 's yoga mats stacked in the corner , steven 's copy of plato 's republic sitting bookmarked on luce 's desk -- and one thing she was not expecting to see .
that she 'd written love stories with and without the goo , love - at - first - sight stories , love - before - first - sight stories , love - to - hate - you stories ... . she did n't tell nick that writing love stories was her thing .
eggs were her thing .
how had he managed to give them both reason to doubt the only thing in his life that truly mattered ?
` ` but there 's one thing . ''
` ` i mostly bake , that 's kind of my thing . ''
` ` oh and one more thing , '' clay said , turning back around .
and until we get those answers , the thing she needs most is you .
for years , her mother had been telling her that men only wanted one thing from her and that she should guard against that .
crafts are n't your thing . ''
the thing was , he could say screw it and go free agent .
i felt like my body wanted to rise off the bed , the only thing keeping me from flying away chase 's weight .
he was seeing charlotte , and every thought and feeling that coursed through his veins at that very moment was centered on one thing , and one thing alone : revenge .
maybe if he could go back in time for just a second , just long enough to remember , he could give jolene the one thing she needed most tonight : her family together before she left .
they want only one thing when they see a woman walk into the room .
my life was dedicated to one thing - ridding the earth of werewolves .
since hector my life had been focused on one thing and one thing only : killing the monsters , then dying .
since hector my life had been focused on one thing and one thing only : killing the monsters , then dying .
` ` that 's the thing , though , is n't it ? ''
math was my thing .
` ` uh , look , jane , the thing is , my life has been crap the last few months . ''
` ` but that 's the thing , last night i was stupid . ''
` ` cooking is my thing , '' savannah said .
` ` but there 's one thing you have to do for me . ''
because that was the thing -- the thing that had been hanging over my head the moment it became clear someone had planted enough evidence to frame me .
and , of course , moroi fed from humans -- and that was the thing .
` ` find one thing .
` ` promise me that you will do one thing before you leave . ''
when he still said nothing , zhang added , ` ` i appreciate your loyalty , but you need to know one thing . ''
` ` what the fuck- '' ` ` that 's the thing . ''
incantations were her thing .
the most important thing is to destabilize his control .
` ` one last thing , '' he said , turning back , curious .
still reeling from shock , she could focus on only one thing - stopping mercer .
but to get the one thing he wanted , he needed a wife .
there was one thing michael pursued with the vigor of medieval warfare - the protection of his baby sister .
` ` hmm , there 's one thing i need above all else . ''
there 's one thing you must promise me though . ''
only one thing left .
ballroom dancing had never been her thing , but she had to admit following his lead was easier than expected .
` ` the important thing is not to panic . ''
the thing was , she did n't have on a bra , so her n**ples poked against the shimmery material and he could n't resist that .
` ` one last thing , '' she murmured .
i ' m ... uh , the thing is , i ca n't swim . ''
` ` i need to know one thing , '' cain , the boy from blaire 's past , said as i stared at him in confused disbelief .
now that circumstances had changed so drastically and it was likely he was going to need to trade sophie for the one thing that mattered the most to him .
after being cheated on by her high school sweetheart , the man she thought she 'd be spending the rest of her life with , men were now only good for one thing and that one thing was something she wanted to avoid in the work place .
she was never one to back down from a fight and this was a fight for the most important thing in her life .
` ` well , there 's the one thing they 'll all know , no matter where they ' ve come . ''
they did say a cold shower was the thing .
` ` there 's just the one thing , before you go . ''
` ` one thing 's for sure , '' he said .
the same thing we ' ve always been fighting for - to contain the nightmares while we search for the key .
everything he knew , all the work of his friends and the elders , all his training ... for one thing ... to kill the key .
jacob constantly drilled into her that men would only want her for one thing .
` ` he said the boys would only want one thing from me - to get in my panties . ''
jacob always said that men wanted only one thing from a woman - the pleasures of the flesh .
they were all here for one thing : to forget their problems for a while , to let the music become their world .
okay , so maybe she had realized this attraction was n't so crazy after all , and it could be good for the one thing she needed .
` ` that 's kinda the thing .
not that she would ever do that , it had sort of just become his thing .
sure , she had come through for liam and had proceeded with giving him the one thing he 'd desperately wanted before he died - a child with whom to leave something of himself behind .
the thing was , she wanted to be on offer .
her own apartment , which she 'd tried so hard to make into a warm , secure haven , was painfully empty because it was n't filled with the one thing that was most important to secu - rity : love .
` ` drugs have never been my thing , '' gage said seriously , folding his arms as he sat back in the couch .
it was the only thing keeping him and the band of the barren alive .
now there was only one thing left : her vow to him .
we both want the same thing here , tynan .
` ` revenge is more my thing .
like simon in the beginning of city of ashes , kevin has the only thing he 's ever wanted - the girl he 's secretly loved for so long .
` ` i just need one thing from you .
you 'll fight if you 're cornered , but the thing is , you got ta keep fromgettin ' cornered , 'cause then your chances go way down .
if today was any indication , skiing was n't his thing .
` ` now , there 's just one thing left . ''
` ` that 's the thing , '' she said .
i guess that 's one of the things i learned this summer but it 's not the most important ; it 's not the thing i will hold close and pass on to my own daughter when the time is right .
if he did , he would not try to take the one thing that i am truly passionate about away from me .
` ` that 's just the thing , lucas .
and once again , cole had lost the only thing that had ever mattered to him .
he could have settled long before now , but that was the one thing he 'd promised himself - that he 'd never settle for anything less than what he truly wanted .
he realized the thing he was most looking for was trust .
that 's the thing - it 'd be easier to say no , that brent had tricked me , i did n't know i was being photographed .
i should n't have come in here with one thing on my mind - to make us both forget .
the thing was , he 'd blown it already .
` ` the important thing is you have her back . ''
` ` the important thing is , you have her back .
she excelled at giving advice , but taking it ... not her thing .
` ` i ' m only hungry for one thing at the moment , deirdre .
` ` you seem to be forgetting one thing . ''
` ` and one last thing , '' blaze added .
` ` the thing is sex , '' gage insisted .
` ` gardens are your thing , not mine . ''
since finding creative solutions to problems was her thing , nadia could n't help but be intrigued .
` ` but you ' ve got one thing wrong there .
it wanted only one thing , to get out of here .
i have been driving toward you the whole time , only desiring one thing - our reunion .
women are my thing .
music was always our thing , and it just hurt too much to play without you .
` ` needles ... big needles especially , are not my thing . ''
his vision was narrowing , focusing in on one thing .
` ` one last thing , '' rich said , placing his foot back on the floor .
` ` i just want one thing , before we start - you have to choose where you want to come . ''
john had to relax and drift into a mental state that made him focus on only one thing : water .
the building 's christmas party was the last thing on philip 's mind .
that might be just the thing .
he might not be worried anymore that logan was only after one thing , but he 'd never forgiven logan for breaking her heart .
high tech was n't his thing .
i think i ' ve got just the thing . ''
the chase had accomplished one thing , however .
you climbed a tree because , apparently , that was your thing back then . ''
sleeping with different women was your thing . ''
he only wanted one thing .
` ` the person with the weapon is after one thing , '' he shared , referring to his father in such a vague sense as if that gave him distance , protection .
` ` because he knew the guys who asked me out were only after one thing . ''
a different company , a different board of directors , but the same damned thing .
though going to a bar where the patrons were encouraged to stand up and sing popular tunes was n't her thing , she was soon laughing and clapping along with everyone else as one guest after another tried to carry a tune , assisted by a microphone , a dj who loaded the right soundtrack and a tv monitor that displayed the song 's lyrics .
at least stephen thought , there was one thing he and his wife agreed on at the moment .