` ` what i want from you is the same thing i wanted last night .
he always seemed fascinated by every single thing she had to say , which was quite a change from most of the guys she dated .
although he had spent a lot of time with her family , it had n't quite meant the same thing as her spending time with his .
like ' you can put the irish girl in a sari , but you ca n't take the irish out of the girl ' kinda thing . ''
` ` i like it when you order me around , '' i whisper , feeling shocked to hear myself say such a thing out loud .
i know pierce 's words were saying one thing , but his actions , his touch , were saying quite another .
` ` that might be the most awkward thing i ' ve ever said in my life ! ''
and as our parents share their first kiss as man and wife , i try my best to tell emerson one more thing with my silent , pleading eyes : ` ` i love you . ''
this is n't you talking- '' ` ` as if you know the first thing about me , '' he fires back , shaking his head .
my eyes go wide as i try to comprehend the thing he 's just told me .
` ` how can you always know the right thing to say ? ''
` ` you do n't know the first thing about emerson , or what happened between us when we were kids .
in the throbbing aftermath of my bliss , i can only think of one thing .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about my life , '' emerson rages on , shaking , ` ` abby is the best thing that 's ever happened to me , and i ' m not going to let you shit on what we have . ''
` ` it 's not the same thing , '' he says sternly .
but if there 's one thing i ' m sure of now , after all these years , is that what we have has always - always - been worth the wait .
his deep chuckle indicated that he was thinking the same thing .
` ` of course , '' he replied as if that was the most obvious thing in the world .
what 's the one thing you remember the most ? ''
of all the things she 'd thought they might say when they first met their father , siri could honestly say that question was the absolute last thing she would have guessed that he would ask .
of all the things she 'd thought they might say when they first met their father , siri could honestly say that question was the absolute last thing she would have guessed that he would ask .
he was feeling the exact same thing but he was more cynical about the experience .
how dare he stand there like that and say such a thing !
she pulled on a pair of jeans and a teeshirt , still fuming about the obnoxious man and thinking of the perfect thing to say , if only she '' d thought of it when he '' d called earlier .
i can only think of one thing .
he tried not to show the surprise on his face as she stated the first thing that had come to his mind .
dana looked up at him , startled that he would ask such a thing .
` ` it was basically the first thing he said to me when he found me on the beach back in california , '' she explained , smiling at the memory of his body guard face down on the ground .
` ` no , the thing you said right before that .
she looked up at him and knew that he was feeling the exact same thing .
` ` i just thought the same thing , '' nikki commented as she took a bite of her hot dog .
she 'd been living with emerson in manhattan for almost a month now and she felt like she was going to break if he asked one more thing of her .
hearing him say the exact thing that she 'd been thinking so many times released a band of steel around her chest she had n't even realized was there .
she nodded her head to each thing he said , but there was a lot to remember .
as soon as she said those words , she knew it was the wrong thing to say .
no one said a word and you should know better than to imply such a thing .
before anyone could say a thing , he leaned over the corner of the table , cupped autumn 's head , pulled her close , and gave her a kiss so smoldering it put a prairie fire to shame .
she only spared a moment on that unsettling tidbit before moving on to the next thing rob said .
` ` i told you - just the thing . ''
did n't you hear a thing i said at the diner ?
` ` that is the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` sure thing , '' cab said .
that could n't be true - except ... she remembered rob 's words at the restaurant : ` ` without me you 'd never be marrying autumn ... '' the whole thing had been a joke ?
` ` do n't say a thing , '' she said as he entered the room , and her tone made his blood run cold .
was she going to lose more years of her life trying to prove daniel was wrong when she 'd already lost so much trying to prove the same thing to her mother and mack ?
you should n't have said a god - damned thing . ''
there 's one thing i ' m perfectly clear about - i ' m not going to be the little woman who sits at home while you flirt and sleep with everything in a skirt .
she knew one thing ; she 'd gladly make love to him then .
in a sudden surge of excitement , she realized she did n't have to do a damn thing he said for the rest of her time at cassidy wineries .
she 'd never said any such thing .
meanwhile , i ' ve got one thing to say to you . ''
` ` autumn said the same thing . ''
` ` okay , for one thing - i ' m not spoiled , '' morgan said , anger overcoming her fear .
` ` sure thing ! ''
one thing she was sure of ; she did n't want to break off her engagement to this man .
that was the last thing he expected jake to say .
` ` and let 's get one thing clear today .
she automatically tried to clear that thought from her mind , but stopped and considered the last thing he 'd said .
she nodded and rose knew they were thinking the same thing .
` ` you did n't save ... '' that was the last thing she 'd expected him to say .
` ` sure thing , dad .
` ` now that 's the dumbest thing i ' ve heard in a long time . ''
` ` that 's got to be the most sexist thing any man 's ever said to me , '' she retorted , and slipped away from him again .
` ` i was making everything worse , but ned knew exactly the right thing to say . ''
` ` i ' ve actually been thinking the same thing .
` ` i was about to ask you the same thing . ''
` ` did i say the wrong thing ?
` ` best thing you ' ve ever tasted .
it 's just the same thing every day .
that was the last thing she 'd expected inez to say .
she 'd better not say a damned thing .
i did n't have daughters - i did n't know the first thing about pageants .
` ` i wo n't be with someone who does n't know the first thing about me .
it was the last thing she expected him to say and it took her a minute to gather her thoughts .
` ` yeah , i was thinking the same thing . ''
` ` sure thing , pops . ''
` ` i 'll say one thing .
` ` sure thing , jake . ''
she snapped , furious with him for believing such an awful thing .
the burning look in his eyes told her he was thinking exactly the same thing she was .
she quickly selected the first thing that sounded good .
she did n't know the first thing about running her own business , she thought to herself .
` ` i know some of the women he 's dated in the past and they all say the same thing !
danger bells immediately went off and she said the first thing that came to mind .
sid looked across the room at his new wife and wondered the same thing himself .
` ` sid , you 're just being obstinate and not listening to a thing i ' ve said . ''
but like i said , these two are new and ... .well , one of them is saying that she had a ... .thing with you a while back and the other is saying the same thing .
by the looks on everyone else 's face , they 'd thought the same thing .
the main thing she learned , unfortunately , was that she was not attracted to him in any way .
` ` that 's the worst thing you could say !
` ` you said the exact same thing last time , but you forget that i know you , jett .
` ` the most important thing i ' ve learned along the way is that it 's okay to quit when something is n't working out , because continuing is a waste of my time and energy .
just promise me one thing . ''
the whole falling - in - love - with - him thing had been a disaster .
there was no way i would say any such thing , even if i risked being single for the rest of my life .
` ` tell me just one thing , jett .
the last thing i remembered was the awful sickness as i dashed to the bathroom to empty the remnants of my stomach .
the whole thing rang farfetched , unbelievable , because it was .
i had feared the same thing , but i had discarded it .
i feel like part of j- '' i bit my lip , stopping myself from saying the one thing that kept burning inside my mind .
i had mentioned no such thing to him .
she always knew the right thing to say .
` ` just to make one thing clear , you 'll never fuck another guy , '' jett whispered low enough for me to hear it , enough to send a tremble down my spine .
you know it 's not the same thing , right ?
after last saturday though , when i held her in my arms and kissed her for the first time , i knew one thing .
` ` that 's got to be the cheesiest thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' i teased , even though , yes there were quite a number of things i saw at the moment i liked .
and if there was one thing i had learned in the short years i 'd lived here , virginia weather was unpredictable .
the second thing .
` ` that 's the weirdest and creepiest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' i told him .
you have no idea how much i wish things were different , '' he said , and it was the first thing he said all night that i actually believed .
it was the best thing i could come up with .
deja vu hit me hard , and i was suddenly in two different places at once , reliving the moment when ethan told me the same exact thing .
her lips were saying one thing , but her body language was saying something entirely different .
the only coherent thing i had gotten out of her all night was the mention of a cemetery when i 'd asked her about the history of richmond .
then , she said the one thing i never wanted to hear .
i said whatever the f**k came to mind without a care for the consequences while clare turned the color of a tomato and said things like girlie bits because she was too afraid to say pu**y out loud .
hoping led to pain , and i knew one thing .
we thought the same way , and i bet he was thinking the same thing i was .
he told me the same thing when i fell into his bed , and then he left me just as fast .
getting out of the car , i pulled leah to me and asked , ` ` did you know the thing about the tickets ? ''
that was the last thing i 'd expected .
i 'd read story after story of other women who had gone through the same thing i had .
there are so many things you do n't understand , so many things that are n't my place to tell you .
there are so many things you do n't understand , so many things that are n't my place to tell you .
` ` dad , in the last few months , there 's one thing i ' ve learned about regret .
` ` that thing you did last night was n't predictable , '' i heard him say in the background , his voice taking on a rough tone .
add that to the fact that you 're stuffing cheese in your mouth at an alarming rate ... it can mean only one thing . ''
` ` might say the same thing about you , '' i replied , stepping through the grass to meet her halfway .
i scolded even though i had been about to say the same thing .
` ` you say hard - on , and the next thing that comes out of your mouth is about my girlfriend ? ''
one thing i 'd learned about liv along the way was , she would never do something so callous .
the only thing i ' m sure of is , i ' m here for you - in whatever way you need me . ''
` ` that 's the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard , liv . ''
she might still have reservations or need time to come to the same inevitable conclusion i 'd already reached , but there was one thing i knew for certain .
we were obviously all wondering the same thing .
i knew only one thing .
food always seemed to make everything better , and if i knew one thing , my mother had spared no expense in that area .
maybe for him the whole thing meant nothing but it had practically devastated her defenses .
she looked just as fresh as she had first thing in the morning .
one thing she knew for certain , though : roman steele must never know what she felt for him .
that could only mean one thing .
` ` what thing about our ages ? ''
that was a stupid and insensitive thing to say .
she wrung her hands together then she blurted it out , that thing that had been worrying her all this time .
i do n't know a darn thing .
` ` okay , but there was one more thing i wanted to tell you . ''
her mind told her it could only be one thing , something she did n't even want to think about .
` ` this is the first time i ' ve seen you spaced out like that and it can only mean one thing .
` ` i ' m ready to put you out of your misery if you 'll promise me one thing . ''
` ` why would you ask such a thing ? ''
` ` you hear that i ' m nauseous and sick to my stomach and the first thing that comes to your mind is cancer ? ''
no such thing .
` ` i think that 's the best thing you ' ve said to me since you got back . ''
that was the kind of thing he liked to hear .
and that could only mean one thing - he regretted the night he 'd spent with her .
` ` you look like someone who knows a thing or two . ''
` ` i did n't have to say a thing , '' michel said , putting a hand up .
sloane had never been impulsive but somehow , at that moment , it seemed that that had been the right thing to say .
* * * when melanie got up and walked away sloane realized that had been the dumbest thing he could have said .
that was the last thing she 'd expected sloane to say .
he 'd thought she would be put - putting along but no such thing .
that was a terrible thing to say .
` ` that 's an awful thing to say .
silken and suave looked at each other , both obviously thinking the same thing .
one thing came over loud and clear , though .
and as silken and suave stepped into her loving arms their eyes met and silken knew they were thinking the same thing .
and reed had no doubt that he would find little miss golden browne because if there was one thing he would never accept , it was failure .
sharon was glaring now , obviously taking the whole thing to heart .
` ` i know no such thing .
it was when she saw his face turn pale that solie knew it was probably the worst thing she could have said .
` ` i can imagine you called me the very same thing . ''
` ` i could not agree more but there 's just one thing missing . ''
` ` that 's a terrible thing to say . ''
` ` but tomorrow morning first thing you report to me . ''
she was glaring at him like he 'd said the stupidest thing in the world .
excellent , he 'd said , but then he 'd grown silent , almost as if he could n't think of a thing to say to her .
` ` no such thing , my boy , no such thing .
` ` no such thing , my boy , no such thing .
i ' m asking myself the same thing . ''
why was that the first thing they threw out when a woman showed anger ?
and then lily said the one thing that gave arie a level of comfort that made her sleep soundly that night .
the man could n't have said a more hurtful thing .
before she could express her doubt he cut in , making sure to slide in that one thing the ladies could never resist .
what kind of thing is that to say about your friends ? ''
and as much as it hurt she knew the best thing that could ever happen was for her to never see rafe again .
she 'd been saying the same thing to helga for ages .
it could only mean one thing .
he had no doubt that many men before him had told her the same thing but her modesty made his compliment special nonetheless .
and it was the torture of waiting for the hours to pass that made rafe realize one thing - if ever he 'd thought he was the one in control of this relationship he was dead wrong .
that was the last thing he 'd expected her to say , under the circumstances .
now lani did n't know what to do - listen to aurelio who had years of experience behind him and should know a thing or two , or go with her gut ?
` ` no such thing . ''
` ` i do n't have the time , or the inclination to tell you a damn thing .
it was the most beautiful thing that she had heard in a long , long time .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , mr . hayes .
it was a serious thing to say , but mr . hayes said it like it was a joke , so tracy let it slide .
rachel , jack 's personal assistant and friend , had basically said the same thing .
not a bad thing to tell the folks at home about your vacation .
instead he just held out his hand and said the next logical thing he could think of .
` ` i think i could get used to this whole being married thing , '' she murmured as he slid to her side .
` ` i had this dream ... and- '' i tried , saying the only thing i could think of .
` ` it 's when you say one thing , but really mean another , '' i whispered back .
he spat the word out like it was a vile , bitter thing .
she had n't said a single thing that was n't true yet .
i was n't sure if she was telling the truth , but then i got a phone call about thirty minutes ago offering the same thing to me .
` ` i see , '' was the only thing i could say .
it was the first nice thing anyone had said to me all day and it gave me a wonderful , heady joy .
i stuck my tongue out at him and said the first thing that popped in my head .
mr . belrose and elijah were inside , and the very last thing in the entire world that i wanted just now was to run into either of them again tonight .
there was such a thing as too much luxury .
the picture had him caught in mid - laugh from whatever clever thing the stunning woman had to say .
i had no idea what possessed me to say such a thing , especially to chad .
i needed to strike back at him somehow , so i said the first thing that popped into my mind .
` ` the same thing . ''
david seemed nervous about blurting out the wrong thing .
` ` it was definitely the first thing you said . ''
she latched onto the first thing that came to mind while she tried to make sense of his words .
because one thing had become clear over the past month .
it was the lamest thing to say , but she could n't think of a more appropriate response .
` ` i 'll say one thing about you italians , you sure know how to eat , '' leslie said as she snagged a glass of the sparkling wine .
` ` i ' m sure rapunzel said the same thing when she looked out of her tower . ''
` ` well , one thing is for certain .
the first thing he told her every morning and the last thing every night , was how much he loved her .
the first thing he told her every morning and the last thing every night , was how much he loved her .
alyssa felt as if her heart had stopped completely and even if her vocal cords had n't suddenly become temporarily paralyzed , she could n't think of a thing to say .
staring down at her , he wondered the same thing .
` ` i was thinking the same thing about you . ''
unable to think of a thing to say , he waited to see what she 'd say next .
it was the last thing she 'd expected him to ask .
` ` the only thing she would say was we could n't fix everything for her and that she 'd work it out on her own . ''
` ` i could say the same thing about you . ''
` ` i was thinking the same thing , bro , '' jake acknowledged .
` ` that 's about the first thing you ' ve said today that i agree with . ''
jake made a mental note to call the woman the first thing in the morning and discuss her not bothering to give him a list of callers .
aside from intense embarrassment , mandi also forced herself to admit one other thing .
daniel knew one thing for sure ; he would immediately climb in the shower and scrub himself as soon as he reached his room .
he was realizing one thing for certain ; he definitely needed to stop daydreaming .
my body is telling me one thing being this close to you , but my mind is yelling at me to run .
just remember one thing , katherine , i could have made you a very happy woman . ''
as they drove to the mansion , one thing was very clear to her ; new york was not prairie , tennessee .
estelle made a fake sad face , as francesco would n't threaten such a thing .
i have one more thing to say ... '' ` ` tell me , '' said daniel as he held her even closer .
daniel knew one thing for sure ; he would never be able to get enough of katherine o'brian .
` ` sure thing , emily .
what a cold , dumbass thing to write .
the last thing she was going to do was take off for new york without thinking things through .
the last thing she was going to do was watch her fall apart again .
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard .
she did n't know the first thing about wedding gowns and such . ''
one thing he learned from watching matthew run the roofing business was that you 're treated by others how you treat them .
since he 'd said that thing about her mouth around his dick , she had n't been able to get the vivid picture out of her head .
except the marriage proposal thing , but that had n't been serious .
the one thing she had been scared to ask .
she loved melodrama and she 'd said the same thing so many times .
but he was sure of one thing : any protection he accepted would not include jessica .
` ` okay , so here 's the thing .
` ` but i 'd like to hear the whole thing from you . ''
she 'd convinced herself that the only way she was going to convince him that she was serious about the no - more - sex thing was face - to - face .
i would have even accepted the friendship thing at that point .
` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
i hope that my readers think the same thing and find an escape outside of whatever reality is bothering them while they 're reading my stories . ''
` ` you just have to promise me one thing , '' he said and took her hand to lead her back to the sofa .
` ` will you promise me one thing , '' she whispered , almost ashamed to ask it but needing reassurance desperately .
you have kind words , '' she recited the same thing she 'd been saying over and over again to the others as they 'd passed by her .
` ` emma , we need to get one thing straight , '' he almost growled .
` ` have you heard a thing i ' ve said ? ''
when she said things like that , he could n't help but pull her closer , his hands tangling in her hair as he pulled her onto his lap , cradling her in his arms and reveling in the amazing feel of this woman 's softness , her sweet heart and her goodness surrounding him .
` ` that seems like such a horrible thing to say and i do n't believe it for a moment . ''
` ` it 's the only thing that makes sense .
` ` why would you say such a thing ? ''
the only thing she was thinking , if one could actually call this burning echo in her mind as thinking , was more !
she glanced up at his eyes and realized that he was feeling the exact same thing .
women wanted one thing from him and he wanted one thing from them .
` ` what an awful thing to say ! ''
even the second time , they still said the same thing .
her fingertips could feel the muscles tighten and she knew she 'd said the wrong thing .
i thought it was very poor that mr . grant took three pages to say the same thing this newer , more professional version said in one paragraph . ''
` ` look for someone who ... '' he started to say one thing , then changed his mind and said , ` ` makes you feel pretty and desirable . ''
as he looked down at her , she knew that he was feeling the exact same thing .
` ` not the same thing at all , '' he countered .
he probably does n't know the first thing about art and wo n't know how much you 're going to charge him .
rennata had said the same thing that first night when she 'd just woken and thought that she and dante were back together .
that was probably the only thing he could have said that would get her to listen .
` ` what a horrible thing to say ! ''
` ` you 're not going to kiss me , '' she said the first thing that came to mind .
` ` that 's a really sweet thing for you to say . ''
` ` that 's a horrible thing to say ! ''
` ` about the same thing .
` ` that 's a sweet thing to say , but it 's not going to happen , '' she confirmed .
darcy was working through different ways to help the animal once it had recovered , a behavioral plan that would give him the confidence around humans that had been destroyed by the dog fights , making notes all over a large sheet of paper , scribbling out one thing , rearranging the possibilities with sticky notes .
sergei looked down at the woman in his arms and knew instantly that he 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` the next thing you 're going to tell me is that they 're all as innocent as you are . ''
that look meant only one thing .
` ` the fabrics for the spring line are held up so i need to find another supplier , '' she lied , coming up with the first thing she could think of .
one thing he 'd been right about .
` ` did he tell you the same thing ? ''
if he 'd seen the same thing , he 'd be furious right now .
` ` i did , '' he replied as if that were the most obvious thing in the world .
` ` i have one thing that i need to tell you before you agree to marry me . ''
besides , they 'd probably just tell her the same thing her brother had said .
` ` what a sexist thing to say .
that everyone is telling you the same thing and you 're just digging your heels in ? ''
` ` so you think the same thing everyone else thought about me .
` ` basically the same thing , '' she shrugged .
max stood up , preparing to leave but he said one more thing before he left .
and the anger on his face was proof in her mind that he was thinking the same thing .
` ` the fact that you wo n't continue means only one thing .
you 're not going to say the right thing , so i do n't want to hear it . ''
that 's the most disgusting , most horrifying , awful thing rashid could have said .
she obviously had heard some pretty horrible things about him and the people inside the country .
` ` i could ask you the same thing .
that was the last thing she had been expecting to hear from her friend .
if you say you ca n't help me out , that 's one thing and i 'll understand perfectly .
she tensed initially , until she felt derrick 's arm tighten around her waist , telling her that she 'd said the right thing .
` ` mr . hancock says the same thing . ''
she 'd thought that very same thing several times .
but she probably thinks the wrong thing . ''
she was so excited , she went back to her report and re - read the whole thing , editing many of the paragraphs , reworking some of the data to better illustrate her point .
` ` i ' ve heard good things about you , '' he said as they stepped into the small , wood paneled cube , descending to the lobby .
` ` i was wondering the same thing , '' she replied , ignoring the excited feeling that instantly sprang to life inside her .
` ` you have to tell me the whole thing . ''
it was only canned broth she suspected sal 's housekeeper kept on hand for other recipes , but it was probably the only thing he would be able to keep in his stomach right now .
so she latched onto the one thing she could understand out of the whole conversation .
' fall in love ' was the last thing she 'd added .
now her mind was picturing the same thing , over and over again .
watching alana tonight , he might have concluded the same thing about her .
` ` i know , '' he said , feeling the same thing he saw in her eyes .
she loved him with every fiber of her being and she knew she 'd never survive if she discovered the same thing with gus .
` ` well , when two of your most trusted advisors say the same thing , why are you hesitating ?
you ' ve told these kids the same thing all the time .
she dressed like a barbie doll and said the first thing that came to her mind .
i forgot my purse , '' she said , it was the first thing that came to mind .
carlo nodded and kate must have said the right thing .
` ` because i need to do laundry , '' she said , coming up with the only thing that popped into her mind .
` ` thank you , '' was the only thing she could think of to say .
` ` okay , okay , '' she yelped as pleasure threatened to take over and make her forget everything but the agonizingly sharp pleasure of his mouth on her breast , ` ` i 'll tell you one thing . ''
` ` so i guess , i believe the same thing , too .
but it all boils down to the same thing - he 's a billionaire who cares too much about himself .
she had n't batted an eyelash even when he called her the same thing in greek .
but it 's not the only thing i ' m scared of .
` ` before we arrive back at home , i want you to understand one thing , misty . ''
but you have to promise me the same thing . ''
chapter fourteen dear diary , i ca n't think of a thing to say except ...
one thing kelly could say about the faeries ' realm : it was without a doubt a dieting cheerleader 's paradise .
he snapped his mouth shut obediently , not saying a thing .
it was exactly the right thing to say , making misty laugh , the tinkling sound making his c**k jerk inside his pants .
domenico moretti was not the type to say such a thing either , and this time she really did lose it , doubling over in her laughter .
` ` i ... '' she wanted to say so many things but she lost her courage when domenico continued to gaze at her with inscrutable green eyes .
she closed her eyes at the beauty of it , at the remembered beauty of it , and she cried because now she knew that this meant the same thing for them both .
and now that he had bitten the bullet , the only woman he had ever loved could not say a thing .
she could not say a thing because she was that ... horrified .
and then they were all screaming the same thing , laughing afterwards , and the cycle repeated itself .
about to reveal her true name , saffi stopped herself in time and said the first thing that came to her mind .
she nodded , having already deduced the same thing for herself the moment she saw the two kissing in the dark .
one thing he had to say about her : she was great for cardio .
things like how she was the f**king sweetest girl in the world , that every little thing she did or say just made staffan more f**king obsessed with her , and goddammit , he f**king wished he had met her from the very start -- -before chloe had gotten her claws in him .
things like how she was the f**king sweetest girl in the world , that every little thing she did or say just made staffan more f**king obsessed with her , and goddammit , he f**king wished he had met her from the very start -- -before chloe had gotten her claws in him .
it was such a mushy thing to say , but she just could n't help it .
in fact , he had n't really been breathing ever since he heard saffi say the sweetest thing anyone had ever said to him in his life .
but that was exactly what saffi was forcing him to do with every little thing she said or did .
alan said the same thing in his mind , stunned at the implications of staffan 's words .
it had been inactive ever since saffi left him , and it was the same thing with all her online accounts .
it only meant one thing .
his every word , every look , and every move whispered the same thing .
and that could only mean one thing .
` ` say one last thing for saffi , please , '' pearl begged prettily just as the priest started to speak .
in gruff swedish , he said the first thing that came to his mind once more .
it was the first f**king thing that came to his mind .
` ` there 's no such thing -- - '' she stopped giggling at staffan 's smirk .
` ` no , really , there 's is n't such a thing ... right ? ''
that was the only thing saffi and i agreed on .
every piece of it screamed one thing : staffan aehrenthal was hot .
through her blurred gaze , she saw that they were waving placards and posters , and all of it said the same thing .
of all the things she said , just one thing stood uppermost in my mind .
all of them boiled down to one thing .
` ` yanna , '' he said patiently , ` ` that may all be true , but it just means one thing .
i do not want the first thing that people will say about you when they find out about us to be an ugly thing . ''
i do not want the first thing that people will say about you when they find out about us to be an ugly thing . ''
i scowled even as constantijin gave me a lazy grin , having obviously heard the same thing .
granted , it was n't the best thing to say about a relationship , but ` ` okay '' was still better than ` ` not okay '' .
then he said the worst thing possible .
damn , but she could n't have said the most perfectly sexy and terrifying thing right then .
uncle stanley do n't say a damn thing to her . ''
` ` probably not the wisest thing to admit . ''
` ` that was an ugly thing to say . ''
` ` sure thing , miss smith , '' he said , coming up behind her .
then he said the thing that shocked and scared her the most .
how he did n't say a dang thing while april kept running her mouth .
to everyone who did n't know him , chase looked cool and collected , but to those who had raced against him - that measured tone meant one thing : he was pissed as hell and holding on to his temper by a thread .
for a moment his smile completely disarmed her and she blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
more like the perfect thing to say .
` ` what a horrible thing to say .
` ` if i kiss you , i ' m not going to stop , and i do n't want to be a pity f**k . '' that was the last thing she expected him to say or think .
of course she 'd think of the right thing to say now that jaylen was gone .
christian had n't expected her to say words back , but this was the last thing he 'd ever expected to come out of her mouth .
that was the worst possible thing for him to say .
for every mean thing his father had said or done to him .
jemma leigh laughed like that was the funniest thing she 'd ever heard in her life .
about a million things passed through his mind at once , but the only thing that came out of his mouth was , ` ` who 's ' her ' ? ''
about a million things passed through his mind at once , but the only thing that came out of his mouth was , ` ` who 's ' her ' ? ''
` ` actually no , but i thought it was the best thing to say at the time , '' he said with a small shrug .
polite conversation was most likely expected , but for the life of her , she could n't think of a single thing to say .
` ` that 's the funniest thing i ' ve heard in a long time . ''
the same damn thing she was n't allowed to tell anyone .
rose blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
she 'd been unable to say a thing , too mortified to make a scene in such a nice restaurant .
that was not the first thing she thought .
so , he blurted the first thing that came to mind , ` ` i ' m looking for rose holland . ''
the best thing he could say he 'd done for kate was not to have slept with her .
` ` you have n't been listening to a thing i said , have you ? ''
` ` glen says lots of things , '' daisy said before glen could lie to the poor woman even more .
` ` so you know every humiliating thing about me . ''
that was the last thing he expected her to say .
` ` this is one thing you do n't know about me .
sebastian 'd said almost the very same thing to her .
` ` the only thing you have to say to me , before you walk out , is thank you ? ''
` ` i made the entire thing up so you 'd be forced to leave me . ''
wrong thing to say .
he had a point , and harrison had said the same thing .
only a few heartbeats behind him , she said the one thing he 'd been longing to hear for years .
she must have heard the rumor , and now she thought he believed it , when that was the furthest thing from the truth .
and he regretted every unkind thing he said to his wife .
hell , he did n't know the first thing about parenting .
she 'd just been thinking basically the same thing , but she was n't about to give him the satisfaction of knowing it .
oh , she knew what he was thinking because she was thinking the same thing .
` ` that is about the most insulting thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
until the other day when he had deliberately gone through the store chatting with his employees , people could have said the same thing about him .
the only thing she was absolutely sure of was that her mother would n't be back .
` ` did n't mean a thing , '' he told her and leaned forward .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing . ''
now , staring up into sage 's eyes , seeing the flash of accusation gleaming there , she had to wonder if others would be thinking the same thing .
she studied him , hoping to see some tangible sign of why he 'd changed his mind , but she could n't read a darn thing on his face .
but mostly , i ' m worried that other people might think the same thing . ''
had n't dylan said the same thing to him just hours ago ?
` ` you know the too generous thing was a compliment , right ? ''
` ` i think that 's the nicest thing any woman 's ever said to me . ''
when she and her mother had first moved here from california , the first thing they 'd learned was , if you do n't like the weather , wait five minutes .
maybe it would be better if she pretended the same thing .
the thing was , he had n't meant a damn thing he 'd said to his brother .
staggered , he could n't think of a single thing to say .
she 'd been thinking the same thing only moments before and still she said , ` ` well , it 's got to be better than crew quarters , right ?
` ` i was just telling myself the same thing . ''
that simple fact made one thing perfectly clear to jenna .
and seeing her first thing in the morning , smelling the floral scent of her shampoo , watching her sigh over that first sip of coffee was another kind of torture .
nick 's world was balanced on a razor 's edge , and he figured that he had only one more thing to say .
` ` charlie ... '' ` ` hey , it 's okay , you do n't have to say a thing , man . ''
she only looked at him , but he knew exactly what she was thinking , because he 'd been telling himself the same damn thing for hours .
why would you think such a thing ? ''
* * * * of all the things he could have told her , the last thing katrina would have expected to hear was that damon had cancer and could be dying .
* * * * of all the things he could have told her , the last thing katrina would have expected to hear was that damon had cancer and could be dying .
the last thing .
alright , this is different , damon mused , shooting a curious look over at katrina who seemed to be thinking the same thing .
` ` just promise me one thing , '' i said against his lips .
the only thing that 's running through my mind is ` ` mine , he 's mine '' as he annihilated my body with voracious greed , quenching his thirsty body .
that can only mean one thing ... .if he brought ivanna with him to meet his family ... then they might be really serious about each other .
the whole thing about driving on the other side of the road confused the hell out of me - that 's why driving here is not the wisest idea .
` ` only a chauvinistic man would say such thing .
not once did the old man voice a thing or two about my broken agreement with the clayworth 's and now he dare bring it up around sienna ?
this was the first thing that popped in my mind , but before he agreed to marriage , they had one done .
am i the one drunk or did she just request the hottest thing i ' ve ever heard in my life ?
but one thing stood out , and that 's the only thing we should learn , which is never to fucking give up , lucy .
i was bombarded with my insecurities , thinking that since he had n't said a thing that he regretted taking me out .
that made him put his cup back down on the barrel - like table , considering me like my question was the strangest thing someone had ever asked him .
` ` when i first saw her , i asked her one thing , and that was not to give up on me yet . ''
again , i had n't thought a thing , not even close to these things , yet the lies were limitless .
maybe this was the closest thing i would come to what i used to have with him .
` ` i just need to know one more thing ... '' shutting his lids , nostrils flaring , chest heaving , he said , ` ` go on , ask me . ''
that was the funniest thing i had heard in such a long time .
why did he always say the wrong thing around her ?
i ' ve donated half my fortune to finding a cure , but until the scientists do , i will continue to say stupid things when it 's really the last thing in the world i want to do . ''
` ` good , because there 's one more thing i have to tell you . ''
the absolute wrong thing to say .
` ` i thought the same thing as you , allison .
` ` it 's not the same thing , '' logan denied fiercely .
the last thing logan had said before their blowout was allison , we need to talk .
trey wanted one thing : more of that smile .
trey needed to know one thing .
realizing she would n't solve her conundrum today , she forced herself to attend to the deadly dull task of writing up the one thing she knew back and forth with her eyes closed .
` ` i just need to ask you to fill out one more thing .
he was studying me quietly , perhaps regretting the whole thing .
apparently , it was the wrong thing to say .
i ' m just glad he has someone who has gone through the same thing .
it was such a perfect thing to say , but i shook my head .
it was the most hateful thing i ever said , but i felt satisfied when i saw luke 's stony face falter a little bit .
gathering from will 's extremely shocked expression , i realized i said the wrong thing .
it was such a strange thing to say , and yet i understood what he meant perfectly .
` ` that 's a really sweet thing to say . ''
i had n't told any such thing to will , but it was true and will had somehow guessed it .
luke kept glancing at his cousin , as if wondering the same thing .
he waited a beat before saying , ` ` can i ask you one thing , though ? ''
` ` one thing 's for sure . ''
what a gentlemanly thing to say .
that was the most ridiculous thing he 'd ever heard .
that was not what she was expecting , and in fact , was the worst thing he could ' ve asked .
papa would ' ve never divulged such a potentially damaging thing to claudette .
now that papa could no longer interfere in julian 's love life - thanks to julian 's solid marriage with camille - that could mean only one thing .
that was the last thing tasha expected to hear from her mother - the consummate stage mother .
` ` promise me one thing ? ''
` ` andre , that 's the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
one thing she was sure of , andre had hurt her .
if ginny canceled the limo , that could mean only one thing .
` ` sorry to keep you waiting , '' was the only thing he could come up with .
` ` sure thing , honey . ''
` ` i only have one thing to say to you ... '' dean 's voice trailed off .
the one thing that dean was n't saying , but nick knew full well was on his mind ... what was going to happen to the community center when nick sold the hang ten to the foundation ?
thankfully , de laurent was about the only thing that 'd ever come out of camille and tasha 's mouths with them trying to sound french .
if there 's one thing she 'd learned from her grandmother 's death , it was that life was short and you could n't leave things to fate .
' that is the most incredibly offensive thing anyone has ever said to me ! '
it could mean only one thing .
it would not matter what important thing he had to tell her , there was no way she wanted to resume a relationship with him .
' how could you possibly know such a thing ? '
` ` oh , well , with my luck with mum ... '' ` ` if she throws a tantrum , remember one thing . ''
it was probably a stupid thing to say , but she just could n't stand any more recriminations .
she had to say one thing for blaize callagan .
the one thing she was certain about - quin could n't be trusted to commit himself to anything other than making money .
` ` you tell me the same thing , '' she fiercely challenged .
but one thing she now understood very clearly .
' it was a platonic relationship ... ' ' no such thing between a woman and a man when the chemistry is crackling . '
' i took his name because it belonged to me , but i am my own man and one thing you can be absolutely certain of ... i will always fight for what belongs to me . '
she could hardly believe max saying such a romantic thing to her but she glowed with pleasure at the lovely fantasy that she lit up his home .
one thing was suddenly clear .
she was n't sorry at all , but it seemed an appropriate thing to say .
one thing she could say for jake , he was never slow on the uptake .
` ` one thing i want to say , amy , before you do any more thinking . ''
' just tell me one more thing before we take our leave of everyone , ' serena begged .
' that 's such a mean thing to say !
' family , ' she murmured , thinking it was the one thing he could n't choose .
' no ... only one thing . '
the only thing she was sure of - and it was a very real comfort - was the gang 's support , regardless of what happened with fletcher .
he was probably thinking the same thing about her .
she hated her mother 's spin on the situation , did n't want to give it any credence , yet she could n't quite banish it from her mind , having thought the same thing before she 'd persuaded herself otherwise .
not the same thing at all .
the deep mellifluous tone was an electric reminder of another voice that had seduced her into believing all the sweet things it had said to her , believing they had meant she was more special than any other woman in the world .
she spoons another mouthful in , and commands , ' now , tell me every inappropriate thing that happened last night .
and you know what the first thing jack said to me was ?
she will have memory lapses , most likely wo n't remember a thing .
there was one thing they got right , though .
is the first thing that jack utters .
but the thing that hurt the most : she did n't care .
' oh for f**k 's sake , lana , i just said the first thing that came into my mind . '
' that , mr . barrington , is the corniest thing you have ever said to me . '
terrified that an uncomfortable silence will descend upon us i blurt out the first thing that comes into my mind .
' one day i will kill you , ' is the last thing victoria screams before she starts venting her fury at the men who are dragging her away .
what i felt for jack is a tiny thing compared to what i feel for vann .
the only thing that had never fit was the fatherless thing , but if vann is blake 's brother then he is fatherless .
the only thing that had never fit was the fatherless thing , but if vann is blake 's brother then he is fatherless .
' promise me only one thing . '
it is the wrong thing to say .
` ` i did n't say that 's why you 're alone so much , '' she pointed out quietly , ` ` but it 's interesting that it 's the first thing that came to you . ''
` ` sure thing , '' her brother said with a brief nod .
the only thing she was certain of , was that it was beyond time for her to leave .
she did n't want to believe her friend , but had n't she been thinking the same thing earlier , while she 'd bathed mia and put her to bed ?
one thing you could say for the kings , they knew how to get things done fast .
` ` no , but that 's hardly the same thing . ''
hell , they can probably teach the pros a thing or two . ''
` ` i was just thinking the same thing about you , '' she countered and let the simmering fury inside bubble and boil .
` ` funny , '' she answered , ` ` i was just thinking the same thing about you . ''
as it was , the ice in her eyes made it plain that she was n't going to listen to a thing he said .
he could n't give her the one thing she wanted , so he had to let her go .
` ` so , i guess the only thing left to say is thanks for the weekend . ''
why he felt less than a man because he had n't been able to give her the one thing she 'd wanted .
why would i go to someone else to hear the same damn thing again ? ''
the only thing i ' m sure of is , i wo n't lose my son . ''
` ` i think that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me , justice . ''
one thing in this world he was sure of .
` ` is n't that a lovely thing to say . ''
` ` i ' ve been asking myself the same thing . ''
must be bloody difficult to think of the right thing to say . ''
since he 'd just thought the same thing himself , that was a statement hard to argue with .
` ` oh , '' maura told him , a smile curving her mouth , ` ` you ' ve the gift of the irish for saying exactly the right thing at the right time . ''
` ` is n't that a lovely thing to say , '' she murmured .
` ` that is the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
she took a deep breath , met his eyes and said the first thing that came to her mind .
` ` i could say the same thing to you , '' he admitted , then shifted his gaze to the brunette .
` ` is n't that a nice thing to say .
who made him want to promise her any damn thing she wanted as long as she never left him again .
risking a quick glance backward , she could see that the beautiful marsha was trying to understand the same thing .
there was such a thing as going overboard .
he did n't like the sound of that even though he 'd gone to her house to pretty much say the same damn thing .
but he was n't leaving until she understood one more thing .
` ` sean said the same thing , but he 's not taking steven 's place .
` ` so , one thing you did n't tell me , '' kathy said .
the only thing she could give her late fiance now was her loyalty .
that 's the one thing she was absolutely sure of .
` ` that is the most insulting thing i ' ve ever heard , '' she said , words tumbling together .
` ` she 's hiding out or some damn thing .
she was always in the right place at the right time saying the right things .
and what kind of thing was that for a man like him to admit ?
` ` funny , '' griffin said , pushing away from the doorway to wander into his brother 's office , ` ` i was going to ask you the same thing . ''
` ` that 's a lovely thing to say , '' she told him , though truthfully she thought he was a little on the ridiculous side .
in fact , the only thing she was truly sure of was that she did love garrett king .
` ` same thing , '' he said , folding his arms across his chest and glaring down at her .
and he still had n't even said the most important thing .
she did n't know what it was , did n't know how long it would last , but the one thing she was sure of was that when it ended , it was going to hurt .
the only thing he was sure of was that she was n't just his friend .
the hardest thing to admit ?
well , happy to tell you the same damn thing . ''
there was only one thing left to say to him .
` ` look , the important thing to remember is that rico wo n't hurt me . ''
` ` well , that 's the nicest thing anyone 's said to me all day . ''
` ` you would n't know the first thing about whimpering . ''
she was in love with her husband and that was the one thing she could never tell him .
but through the frustration and the irritation , one thing continuously rang true .
` ` the first thing you said to me when you found me here was that you thought i had married you only to give my family access to your blasted dagger . ''
this was not the kind of thing he expected to hear from a professional thief .
that was one thing he was sure of .
the only thing he was sure of at the moment was that his children 's mother had some explaining to do .
but at the moment , damned if he could think of a thing to say .
` ` it always comes back to the same thing , penny , '' he said , voice low and deep .
hell , that 's the one thing he could agree with penny on .
no one had told him a damn thing .
con had said the same thing for years .
` ` we can talk about the business and the move and more kids right after i finish telling you the most important thing . ''
what a nice thing to say . ''
mostly because she was thinking the same thing .
` ` that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me , jericho king .
but , jericho , '' she sighed as he stroked his thumb across her nipple , ` ` there 's just one more thing you should know about me . ''
it was the very last thing she 'd expected him to say , and as he turned and walked swiftly out of the tent into the night , she assumed that must be his form of curt apology for what had happened .
` ` why do you say such a thing ? ''
royce was wondering the same thing as he stared through the darkness at the elderly woman who had , for some incomprehensible reason of her own , deliberately waited until this impossible moment to present herself .
royce stared at the back of her head , furious because she actually believed he would let a child be decapitated for a misdeed that deserved a less harsh punishment - furious because , by her actions , jenny had led all his serfs and villeins to believe the same thing .
but as she guided her aunt toward the stairs at the far end of the hall , she was acutely aware of the stark silence from the fireplace , and equally certain they were all waiting to hear whatever outrageous thing aunt elinor might say next .
trying to take refuge in conversation , she said the first thing that came to mind : ` ` you really ought n't speak to serving maids so sharply .
` ` it means the same thing , however . ''
scrupulously avoiding looking at the bed , she stared at the two remaining doors , and the instant royce moved , she jumped and said the first thing that came to mind : ` ` wh - where do those two doors lead ? ''
` ` emily , one thing is infinitely clear : paul does not yet know that he cares for me .
` ` what a perfectly unchivalrous thing to say ! ''
` ` i told him the same thing . ''
he felt as if he were in a dream , and he was afraid to speak lest he say the wrong thing and break the spell .
since he could n't beg her forgiveness , or ask her to marry him at once , he decided to say the only other thing that mattered to him .
surely he must still care for her to be angry enough to say such a thing .
` ` concentrate on other things ... sweet things he must have said . ''
` ` i wondered the same thing , '' dr . whitticomb said , and sheridan pulled loose from lord westmoreland 's mesmerizing gaze with a mixture of embarrassment and reluctance .
` ` what an utterly charming thing for you to say , '' the dowager duchess said with a catch in her voice as she enfolded sherry in a brief , almost protective hug and then ordered her to ` ` go straight to sleep , '' as if sherry were a child .
and there is one more thing i can tell you that may help you to decide . ''
vanished was the least damning thing whitney could say at the moment , which was why she chose the word .
she 'd actually looked and sounded as if she meant every single thing she 'd said to him , including that last .
... '' he nodded and said the last thing meredith wanted to hear .
` ` and another thing , i wo n't be home by midnight .
she thought about other things too , like the pleasure of being with him while they talked on the lawn at glenmoor , and the way he 'd laughed at the things she said .
feeling that some sort of conversation was demanded , she said the only thing she could think of at the moment .
` ` sure thing , '' julie said , even though she 'd already lost all her money .
while she was still trying to recover from the effects of it , he said harshly , ` ` promise me one thing , meredith .
twenty - five years ago , he 'd opened the door of her father 's car , taken his first look at meredith , and said exactly the same thing in exactly the same reverent tone .
` ` the same thing i suggested last time - that college students with no bad credit information be granted credit cards , but with a low limit - say five hundred dollars - for the first year .
` ` why would you say a thing like that ? ''
` ` he 's understandably furious over the southville thing , and he was undoubtedly offended by the things i said to him in the car after lunch .
` ` how dare you say a thing like that to me !
chastising herself for acting like an inexperienced , unsophisticated virgin , she tried to say something suitably flippant and blurted out the first banal thing that came to mind .
` ` the next thing i remember was the sound of a machine beeping , and when i opened my eyes , i was lying in a hospital bed with all sorts of plastic tubes attached to me and a machine monitoring my heartbeats .
at eighteen she 'd been awed by the fact that matt seemed to know all the right places to touch her , all the right things to whisper to her , in order to drive her into a frenzy of defenseless desire .
` ` i ' m asking you for the same thing now - a kind of a truce , a cease - fire , from the time my attorneys begin talking until you leave this room . ''
` ` every rotten thing they say about you - it 's all true , is n't it ? ''
ten minutes later , when she 'd finished telling him the whole thing , he no longer looked upset , he looked furious - with her .
it occurred to her that her thoughts were a little mild , given the circumstances , and she reluctantly faced the reason for that : one other thing that matt had said was true- there had always been something between them .
` ` sure thing , matt .
` ` sure thing , '' he said , and turned , leaving meredith alone in the office with mark braden .
` ` what were you doing at the time to make him say such a thing ? ''
despite her optimism and confidence , one thing her father had said stayed with her , hovering at the edge of her mind .
` ` joe asked the same thing . ''
she had n't quite said that to them , in fact she 'd never said that to anyone , but what she had said amounted to the same thing , she decided proudly .
sure thing . ''
ted asked her as they left the theater with a crowd of teenagers who were generally saying the same thing ted had just said .
my kids say the same thing .
` ` in the movies , people always promise that same thing , '' he remarked conversationally , glancing over his shoulder at the cars flying past .
the feeling came from an instinctive but unshakable conviction that one thing zachary benedict had said was true : he did not want to harm her .
` ` i 'll take you wherever you 're going without any more tricks , but let 's get one thing straight : as soon as i get you there , i 'll be free to leave , right ? ''
` ` i ' m hungry , '' she announced , because it was the first thing she could think of to say .
zack knew how hard it must have been for her to say a thing like that , and he felt another unfamiliar surge of tenderness toward her as he tipped her chin up and said with quiet gravity , ` ` do n't spoil this for either of us by belittling its importance .
instead , she said the first thing that came to mind to distract him : ` ` i already know a lot of things about your youth , because my older brothers were avid fans of yours back then . ''
julie thought that was the most ridiculously biased thing she 'd ever heard , but she kept her feelings to herself and said , ` ` if your grandmother loved justin so much , i ' m sure she would have stood by him if he 'd told her he was gay . ''
` ` you know i go all to pieces when you say sweet things to me .
thoroughly disgusted with himself for behaving like a jealous adolescent and denigrating actors who 'd been his friends as well as criticizing a movie that was very good in its category , he laid his hand on her arm and promised , ` ` i wo n't say another thing unless it 's complimentary . ''
the only thing everhardt had gotten right so far was that zack was intelligent and charming .
` ` what i want , '' he informed her , belatedly answering her original question , ` ` is the same thing you want every time we look at each other ! ''
` ` that 's the only thing i actually lied about . ''
` ` i ' ve already told you the only thing i lied about that could get me into legal trouble if it were known , '' julie said , jabbing at the doorbell .
repeating the last thing that julie had told her , katherine summarized , ` ` yesterday at dawn , you both got up , he walked you out to the car , and then you drove away ?
paul lurched guiltily and said the first thing that came to mind .
julie drew in another shattered breath , trying to memorize each tender thing he said .
` ` there 's one more thing i need to say to you , '' he added quietly .
` ` sure thing , billy .
i was thinking about the same thing . ''
belatedly realizing she 'd been studying him for far too long , kate stepped forward and announced her presence by saying the first thing that came to mind .
might have been difficult to explain to the lawyer , '' mitchell replied without intending to say any such thing .
when i ' m back in chicago and you're - wherever you are - we can exchange postcards from other places we go , and write things like-'remember that charming little cafe in st .
he 'd been thinking about the same thing .
afraid to say the wrong thing , mitchell waited helplessly for the boy to say more .
she shook her head , trying to deny the horrible thing he had said .
trying to do as he bade her , she said the first thing that came to mind .
perhaps he had n't meant any of the sweet things he said .
jason thought she had left him , and for a man as proud as he to admit such a thing to his servants , he must be beside himself .
i know about men , and i know jason , so i want you to remember one thing .
by the time she galloped to a stop in front of wakefield park , she was certain of at least one thing : she did not want jason to have a marriage that left him as lonely as her father had been .
` ` whyever would they think such a thing ?
` ` what a thing to say , '' jason teased , laughing .
alexandra tipped her head to the side , thinking , but she could not recall any philosopher , ancient or modern , who had said such a thing .
` ` who said such a ridiculous thing ? ''
either i blurt out the first thing that comes to mind - and make a complete cake of myself - or else i lose my wits entirely and stand there like a piece of mutton .
and another thing , alex , '' mary ellen said , warming more and more to her subject .
human beings would never behave in such a way , she knew , and only someone as corkbrained as mary ellen would believe such an absurd thing .
` ` me and mr . higgins have said that very thing ourselves . ''
carstairs said with the closest thing to surprise that anthony had ever seen displayed on roddy 's eternally bored face .
she had , in fact , been hinting at the same thing tony had said later .
i could n't stop worrying about every little thing i said .
alexandra could not believe society would think any such thing and she said so .
or you could have told him it was nothing more than a whim , or- '' ` ` i told him no such thing , '' tony grinned devilishly .
those two gentle old men whom you banished to the kitchens this morning are the closest thing to a father i ever had .
why would you say such a thing ? ''
` ` what an odd thing to say !
` ` what a thing to tell them , '' jordan said in a soft , teasing voice , ignoring the occupants of the cabin , who had hastily leapt to their feet and were gaping at him in awe .
there are a thousand things i want to tell you , places i want to show you .
` ` how could you think such a thing ! ''
elizabeth blurted the first idiotic thing that came to mind .
since robert had specifically said he wished viscount mondevale to be kept waiting , elizabeth said the only thing she could say : ` ` the decision is in my brother 's hands . ''
` ` i know i sounded like the veriest peagoose , but it was the only thing i could think of to say .
it told him the same thing , and he jerked his mouth from hers .
it had seemed the wisest thing to say , since ian 's horse had been nowhere in sight and hers had been perfectly visible , should anyone have cared to look .
by the time she finally located alex in the garden , elizabeth had almost convinced herself of all those things .
unable to hide a tinge of admiration , he added , ` ` tell you one thing , that blond gel had spunk , you have to give her that .
the only thing she accepted unequivocally was the one thing that other people of inferior knowledge and intuition had wondered about and refused to believe for years .
the only thing she accepted unequivocally was the one thing that other people of inferior knowledge and intuition had wondered about and refused to believe for years .
elizabeth stood up , intending to go somewhere private to hear whatever distressing thing he was bound to tell her , just as uncle julius stopped cold in the doorway , flushing a little at the realization she had female guests .
elizabeth did n't know what he wanted her to say , and in the mood he was in , she was actually terrified of saying the wrong thing .
the things he had said to her yesterday , the husky sound of his voice , the way he held her - they were like sweet music playing through her heart .
how could you know such a thing ?
for one thing , she knew the bedclothes would hide her ; for another , now that she had solitude for the first time since this morning , she was finding it much harder to ignore the tormenting things mr . wordsworth had said .
the existence of a lover was the only thing that made sense ; he had even suspected it the night before she disappeared .
and elizabeth knew that every man in the cavernous chamber on the other side of that door - including her husband - was going to think exactly the same thing of her until she proved them wrong .
finished , she stood up , ready to go in and tell everyone across the hall the same thing , but delham continued to pillory her with his gaze , watching her in silence above his steepled fingertips .
she said the only thing she could think of ; and she knew soon after she began speaking that he was pleased .
and then in thailand , after months of trying to distract myself with ian - well , ian said the same thing to my face , the night things blew up between us .
that can only mean one thing .
one thing i 'll say about arguing with cocky , auburn - haired jerks : it keeps your mind off of the things that are really bothering you .
it was the right thing to say .
no doubt he thinks the same thing about my family .
and i do n't mean pissed about some idiotic thing that someone said or your pizza being late or something .
honestly , there 's only one thing he can offer me right now that i 'd actually want .
it does n't matter that i ' ve thought the same thing over and over again - that i ' ve accused myself of the very same things .
it does n't matter that i ' ve thought the same thing over and over again - that i ' ve accused myself of the very same things .
it 's a wiser , truer thing than i expected to hear .
it 's the only thing i can think about for the rest of the day .
` ` one thing i still do n't get . ''
she had n't said it , but he suspected his mother thought the same thing he did .
her brain just would n't let her consider the possibility it was him because that would mean only one thing , warren sherbrooke sent him .
as soon as the words left his lips , dylan knew he said the wrong thing .
moving forward away from him she asked the first thing that came to mind .
his mind worked a mile a minute trying to figure out the right thing to say .
she 'd been repeating the same thing over and over to herself .
racking her suddenly empty brain for something to say , callie said the first thing she found .
that was basically the same thing lauren had told her earlier that week .
in the deep recesses of his mind and heart though , he knew it was the furthest thing from the truth .
it was the first thing she said to him so far .
` ` sure thing , '' he replied although he did n't know if she 'd heard him .
the words passed his lips and he knew it 'd been the wrong thing to say .
then again her mother had probably thought the same thing about her father .
he was dressed in a black tuxedo and she thought the same thing about him .
he 'd thought the same thing the first time he 'd met her his freshman year at cal tech .
sara opened her mouth to say the same thing about him , but did n't get the opportunity .
` ` before you go i need to know one thing .
i do n't know if richardson hired him directly or if someone in richardson 's camp hired him , but it meant the same thing .
` ` just one more thing , and i promise i wo n't say anything else .
the same thing i had on tuesday .
baffled by this entire conversation , i blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
my mind was scrambling to find the right thing to say , but i could n't think of anything .
i ' m not one of those girls that are clingy and try every way to get a man 's attention , but i just had to get one thing off my chest before i shut him out emotionally .
not exactly sure what i was doing , it was the first thing that blurted out of my mouth .
the only thing that came to my mind was , ` ` what is he thinking right now ? ''
i did n't say anything since i was afraid to say the wrong thing .
i was n't sure where our paths would take us , and although this felt both wrong yet so right , this time around i knew one thing for sure : as we gave ourselves a second chance , i had no choice but to be cautious .
even first thing in the morning .
the last thing i wanted to hear was my brother being weak .
his whole exterior screams trouble and that means one thing : my bad - boy - loving pal is going to be all over him .
i think i hear a sigh from addison , and i know she 's thinking the same thing .
ben gives me a bewildered look , as if i made up the whole thing .
maybe it 's an australian thing , but where i come from , that is one of the first things you tell someone .
` ` an overnight bag does n't mean the same thing in the us as it does in australia ? ''
i should n't , but i give her false hope because it would be the right thing to say if paige were my real girlfriend .
i admit that i have n't given him much reason to think otherwise , but it 's the furthest thing from the truth .
` ` that 's a sweet thing to say .
i agreed to all of his crazy - ass rules and the only thing i asked of him was to not lie about being married .
i wonder if she 's thinking the same thing .
i ca n't give her my heart , but there 's one thing i can give her .
that translates into one thing : she 's sleeping with him again and judging from that stupid grin on her face , she could n't be happier about it .
that was a terrible thing for me to say .
no one knows i ' m in sydney except evan , so it can only mean one thing .
he just said my name - the whole thing .
` ` mum thinks no such thing .
` ` but you love every dirty thing i do or say . ''
that sounded like a total chick thing to say but f**k it !
i 'll have some flowers and a ring and i 'll say things to make you swoon . ''
what a strange thing to say .
funny , i did n't hear it say a thing .
is n't that the same thing evan told me about emma ?
that can only mean one thing when it comes to margaret mclachlan .
i ca n't think of a single thing i 'd like to hear from this guy .
` ` funny , i ' ve thought the same thing about you on many occasions . ''
i love my best friend but she 's selfish as hell , so there 's only one thing that would make her react this way .
` ` i 'll cool my jets because i trust you but let 's be clear about one thing .
` ` i was thinking the same thing . ''
prove he 's mine and i 'll take care of him , but let 's get one thing straight .
the only good thing i can say about bianca is that she had the good sense to go away quietly so jack henry and mr . brees did n't experience a hiccup in their business relationship .
` ` i must say i ' m surprised to see you here , so that can only mean one thing : you once agreed to be his whore just like the rest of us . ''
i briefly think and say the first thing that pops into my head .
this was the one thing she 'd needed .
` ` i told them no such thing .
there was no such thing as a limit to the capacity to appreciate beauty , to be stunned by it .
she called out the first thing that came to her , to explain away her outburst .
you make it impossible to think the least negative thing of you . ''
` ` mel 's debts ... '' she rushed to make one thing clear .
the only thing that made sense .
this time , only one thing echoed inside his head .
` ` i know no such thing . ''
` ` what happened between us does n't change a thing . ''
and though she 'd had a ridiculously inaccurate mental image of him , that malek was that sheikh should have been the first thing she 'd realized the moment she 'd heard his voice mocking her on the other end of the line .
her muttered concession was the most welcome thing he 'd ever heard in his life .
it was also the last thing she said .
jay blinked , asked the one thing she could think of , ` ` what kind of surgeon is ma - is dr aal hamdaan ? ''
before malek could ask the first thing that burst into his mind , janaan asked it .
i have to protect you as you do n't know the first thing about protecting yourself . ''
he 'd just said the only thing that could wrench him out of the vortex of despair , the incapacitation of horror and guilt .
and for some reason she thought this the right time to tell him another thing .
his unexpected probing cornered her , made her blurt out the first thing that came to her .
long before he divorced me three years later , i realized there was no such thing . ''
` ` i think no such thing , '' he countered at once , his voice a soothing flow of empathy that jarred her .
` ` since temporal control to change the past is n't one of my powers , a clean slate is probably the one thing i ca n't grant you . ''
that was the last thing said as the limo , which she 'd long realized was part of a cavalcade , passed through gates ensconced between two towers flying the judarian flag high above the thirty - foot fence , through street - wide paths lined by palm trees and flower beds and paved in cobblestones .
but the way he 'd said it all ... '' you talk as if you bought my act , when the first thing you said was that you saw through it . ''
i can only tell you the one thing i do feel .
you 're the only thing my siblings and i agree on . ''
` ` that 's the one thing i have to give you , sarantos .
` ` one thing you know only i can offer .
but there 's no such thing .
that was again the last thing he 'd expected her to say .
the most wonderful thing she 'd ever heard or had on her lips .
he squeezed her shoulders , forgetting anything but what had churned inside him like slow poison since he 'd laid eyes on her , the one thing he had no answer for .
one thing i need to know .
struggling with a dozen reactions , he said , ` ` tell me about this experience that led you to believe such a ludicrous thing about yourself . ''
and she sobbed it all to him , the one thing he craved to hear , her happiness as she consented .
but he 'd force her to acknowledge one thing .
and i certainly wo n't pledge such a thing .
why would he say such a terrible thing ?
now marty was saying the same thing .
the last thing i remembered before blacking out was that the unexpected weight of the gun combined with the shakiness of my hands made the barrel shift downward the moment i pulled the trigger .
i could say the same thing . ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight : i did not use the kittens to get me a blowjob !
i was kind of thinking the same thing : staying in all day .
i knew hunter was thinking the same thing .
` ` umm ... is n't that kind of an insensitive thing to say , hunter ? ''
` ` yeah , sorry about that whole banana thing , '' she said , waving her hand dismissively .
i also want to apologize to you again for the banana thing . ''
that was the only thing that could even somewhat make sense .
you do n't know the first thing about her . ''
` ` actually there is one thing .
from the look on hunter 's face , i could tell he was thinking the exact same thing .
it was one thing imagining him , but it was a whole different thing being in his presence .
i was n't thrilled about hans - peterson sending me into a last minute assignment with almost no preparation , but i could definitely teach this band a thing or two about managing a budget .
` ` you know , i could ask you the same thing . ''
no matter what tonight brought , i knew one thing : i needed my lifesavers .
` ` to tell you the truth , i thought the same thing . ''
i needed to say the right thing to get him to talk .
how do i tell you all the sweet things i ' m feeling in my head ?
` ` i only have one more thing . ''
i would have disagreed , except i 'd wondered the same thing .
i had to understand this one thing .
` ` something like that , '' i said , playing the whole thing down .
so i said the thing i knew she wanted to hear .
it was the worst thing i could know .
` ` i mean , we each ask each other one thing and the other has to answer . ''
` ` it 's pretty much the only thing i think you 'll answer .
was that the most absurd thing in the world ?
it was the only thing that made sense .
` ` each thing you say makes it worse . ''
he did n't know the first thing about her , did n't even seem interested in her beyond the physical .
he 'd asked himself the same thing over and over since the airport and had n't come up with anything he could quite explain .
it was the perfect thing to say .
he really hoped the santini thing went through .
would micah say the same thing to her ?
` ` i should be asking you the same thing .
but also , she had n't wanted to say a thing .
it was n't untrue - in fact , it was maybe the truest thing anyone had ever said about her .
i may not have graduated from harvard like your son and your husband- '' admittedly , i paused to note hudson 's reaction to the fact that i knew details about his family even though he had n't told me a single thing .
i had one more thing to say , though .
that i knew that thing - the one thing he did n't want anyone to know .
` ` i know one thing about you that most people do n't .
and the thing that i had n't ever wanted to face - when he said he 'd always tell the truth - that could have been a lie itself .
it was honestly the only thing going through my mind at that point , and i hated how pathetic i sounded mentioning it .
celia seemed to be thinking the same thing .
` ` okay , one thing . ''
the one thing i was sure of was that i should n't be having coffee with celia werner .
the whole parents dying in a car accident thing really sheds light on the importance of safety .
` ` he told me pretty much the same thing . ''
` ` sure thing , baby . ''
that was the only thing i knew for sure .
` ` i could say the same thing . ''
that was the only thing i could settle on .
` ` tell me one thing .
it felt nice having that level of comfort with a guy , but i was n't so sure about the provide thing he was talking about .
while i still did not understand the situation , there was one thing that was suddenly clear - this was an intervention .
i could n't read everything in his expression , but i could see definitively the one thing he 'd told me so many times - i ' m with you .
` ` i , um ... '' there was so much to say , but only one thing important to me - to us .
this was the one thing i 'd already thought about .
` ` the thing you are n't hearing , alayna , is that i do n't care . ''
now the whole thing is a lie .
` ` i think this was a valid thing to cry over . ''
hudson at a loss for words was the craziest thing i 'd heard in the last two days .
she said it as if it were the most matter - of - fact thing in the world .
` ` i could say the same thing about you - spying on me , digging into my history before you 'd even met me - maybe i think those are n't your things to know .
it was the truest thing i knew , like the way the sun knew to rise in the morning , the way a rosebud knew to blossom in the spring .
but there was still that other thing hanging in between us - the moment he 'd walked in on - and so he sat on the arm of the couch instead , his hands playing with the bunched fabric of his slacks .
even writing the last thing had been hard .
but it 's the nearest thing i have , and i say it to her now as often as i can .
celia 's expression confirmed that it was the right thing to say .
i nodded once and looked for the thing she needed me to say .
it 's the truest thing i ' ve said .
this fantasy does n't go far though , because of all the decisions i ' ve yet to make , there is one thing i know for absolute sure - i ca n't tell her how i feel without telling her all of it .
so i say the only thing i can .
` ` i 'll admit no such thing . ''
now i have to say something , so i settle on the only thing that comes to mind .
it 's the most important thing i ' ve said to anyone in quite some time .
then sophia says it , the thing i ' ve been dreading .
it 's the easiest thing to believe .
the typical , i love you , you 're a good brother even though you tried to drown me when i was seven and screw my bridesmaid at my wedding rehearsal , all the bullshit things that sweet , naive sisters say to their siblings on the eve of superficially important occasions like their weddings .
i need her like this , need to blot out the horrible thing i just did with the beautiful thing that we are together .
i could say the same thing about you - spying on me , digging into my history before you 'd even met me - maybe i think those are n't your things to know .
years ago , when i 'd first accepted her request to teach her the game , i 'd thought the same thing about her .
while it 's not the most horrid thing that celia could say , it 's another straw on the heap of anger i feel toward her .
the one thing he ca n't answer , though , is the one thing i want to know most : is there any chance alayna can ever forgive me ?
no one before or since had ever dared say such a thing to him .
' i ' ve been puzzled by the same thing myself .
he wanted payback for every cruel thing she had ever said or done to him .
' what kind of man was he , to say such a thing to you ? '
i made the whole thing up .
` ` just one more thing , but it 's more of a question . ''
i probably only noticed because i was thinking the same thing .
weirdly enough , i think that may have been the sexiest thing anyone has ever said to me .
` ` but i was out the door so it was the same thing . ''
his side basically just said the same thing he had .
he 's said some really sweet things too . ''
it pretty much said the same thing as the first one . ''
when gabrielle says something sounds ' technically kind of illegal , ' that 's the same thing as ' illegal ' . ''
true , it was rather an awkward thing to say , but my tone was upbeat !
` ` she could be making the whole thing up because she 's bored or jealous or something .
then i rubbed my shoulder , because it was still kind of sore from the door thing already and i might have just dislocated it .
the evening that he slept in my room after we chased down the burglar , the one thing he said before he passed out was , ' i ' m not ready ' . ''
i heard pavel tell the writer at the next table the exact same thing , incidentally .
i 'll tell you one thing , if a federal prosecutor , about to begin a big trial , is coming in to meet with us on a sunday , he must be really interested in hearing about the fox in your building for some reason . ''
` ` first thing in the morning , gab .
that 's the hottest thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
it was a small thing that i had confessed , nothing like telling him i had been fantasizing about him the first time i came , but somehow it was even harder to tell him .
the one thing braden had asked , that i not do .
he spat out the question like it was the most awful thing that had ever crossed his lips .
` ` promise me one thing . ''
` ` my mother raised me to be a gentleman , but if she says one more rude thing to my daughter , your niece i might remind you , i ' m going to forget everything i was taught and let her have it . ''
` ` i 'd like to know the same thing , '' a voice sneered from around the corner .
vincent snatched the notebook from her hand and crossed every single thing off the list .
she glanced up at him , both of them knowing that if she said the wrong thing it could cost them the client .
thousands of thoughts pulsed through his head - explanations , reasons , justifications - things he wanted to blurt out in an attempt to gain her forgiveness , but he realized they were all nothing more than excuses for his horrible behavior , excuses that did n't fix a damn thing between them .
quickly , she rolled the paper back up and tossed it into the trash , not wanting to read another slanderous thing about hunter or vincent drake .
i would n't change a thing . ''
it was the one thing she was n't so sure of at the museum , so i used it to my advantage .
` ` a long time ago , i would have thought the same thing .
the feelings that i had fought for so long were starting to emerge and that only meant one thing : heartache .
` ` funny , your father said the same thing . ''
if you 're sitting around the dining room table listening to this , then that means one thing : i ' ve finally kicked the bucket .
` ` tell me one more thing .
i was just about to ask you the same thing .
heart - wrenchingly sweet things just seemed to roll off jackson 's tongue .
but i know i would n't change a thing .
i looked at him nonplussed , his observation the last thing i was expecting to hear from him .
` ` that is the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard , '' i spat out , almost choking on my words .
` ` oh , i could think of one thing that 's better . ''
what if i say the wrong thing ? ''
the only thing she said was that she passed away when you were a child . ''
of course that was the first thing he 'd ask , because i was sure sex was the only thing the man thought about .
you know that 's the one thing i ' m firm on .
the one thing you did n't do was call my girl a bitch .
` ` sure thing , ian . ''
i was so scared that i was going to say the wrong thing .
my god , i just went through the same thing .
the only thing he told me was the he needed daniel and me here to be your witnesses and he was having dresses sent over .
sienna had always told me the same thing .
his tone told me we might not be speaking about the same thing .
i thought maybe i had missed something , what was the other thing ?
it was incredibly possessive , but also the sweetest thing anyone had ever said to me , but i still did n't get the connection to the billboard .
jack 's words said one thing , but i could tell he was comforted by the woman 's appearance .
go check with my longest - term ones and ask if they 'd change a thing .
he 'd said the same thing the night they 'd met .
` ` you need to get one thing straight , phoebe .
i owe you one thing now , a wish ... '' he was standing there , chest heaving , eyes scary , his focus that of a madman .
that was the one thing he had n't doubted .
she blurted out , ` ` that 's the most unbelievably , almost painfully beautiful thing i ' ve ever heard .
i - i ca n't think of anything ... ca n't think ... '' ` ` then tell me the first thing that jumped into your mind . ''
but among all the things she could n't hear , there was one thing she could .
but clarissa knew one thing .
and then , one thing filled them all .
the only thing i 'd ever accept from him was his name . ''
but now ... at least there was one thing to be thankful for here .
tell me the almost tangible entity i sense between us exists , that i ' m not having a breakdown and imagining things . ''
one thing was missing .
it should have been the first thing he understood the moment he realized who she really was .
that was the only thing on johara 's mind since she 'd stumbled away from shaheen .
she felt one thing .
` ` and i have one more thing i have n't thanked you for yet . ''
she gazed up at him , awash in love and ecstasy , waited for him to tell her one more thing that would hone the perfection .
` ` which might be the stupidest thing i ' ve ever thought or felt , considering i ' m in the middle of nowhere with a hulk of a man in a hostile land where i know no one .
which meant only one thing .
` ` let 's get one thing clear , talia .
she was just a good friend , and i made up the whole thing about us to give you a story you 'd believe and sympathize with .
one thing was unmistakable .
` ` so , the reason i said those things - which , by the way , made me so sick that i have n't been able to put a thing in my mouth since - is i got a phone call , someone telling me they know who you are , what you mean to me , and if i do n't back off , they 'll harm you .
` ` aih , but you left out one thing .
asking the one thing to be asked now .
she still had to know one more thing .
and no matter how lost her faith in him was , she was certain of one thing .
` ` that 's not the only thing you have to offer . ''
according to alonzo , that was the most unnatural thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` each says the most audacious thing that has ever crossed their mind about the other , confessing every uninhibited fantasy .
` ` every single thing you thought has no basis in fact .
that these exact words would be the first thing kamal aal masood said to him when they 'd been the last thing the man 's kid sister had flung at mohab ?
that these exact words would be the first thing kamal aal masood said to him when they 'd been the last thing the man 's kid sister had flung at mohab ?
is n't it the first thing you 're taught when you 're hatched in saraya - that judar does n't sustain life for your species ? ''
about the last thing you said to me .
it was the first thing that burst into her mind .
but she could tell him at least one thing .
but rashid would sit there and take my anger , and after i exhausted every argument , he would just say the same thing again .
any denigrating thing she 'd said had just been a desperate attempt to walk out of that battlefield in one piece .
one thing became clear at once .
he did n't understand a thing she was saying .
she surfaced from his kiss struggling to remember the other paramount issue at hand , gasped , ` ` but promise me another thing .
one thing that lodged in his mind with the force of an ax .
` ` but this must have been the first thing you learned about yourself , princess . ''
she 'd learned no such thing .
that he thought such a thing , the way he said it , only made her state more acute .
we wo n't say a thing . ''
i will give you the one thing you wanted from me and suffer through this wedding , only so that it will legitimize the baby in our society 's eyes .
he said the same thing over and over again via every method of communication .
i ' m not proud of it now , but the only thing you really told me was the pastor zimmerman thing .
he did n't know much about the world , but he knew one thing for sure : the only way to calm the old guys down was to start taking off his clothes .
` ` it means the same thing as ' when hell freezes over . '
even if jase had thought the same thing briefly , he would never have said it aloud .
he looked jase up and down , smiled , and said , ` ` we must have been thinking the same thing tonight . ''
it was the last thing i expected .
the only thing elena said in a short blog post , and luis knew this was to cover herself , was that she 'd decided to keep her blog small and not let anyone else become part of it .
` ` and do n't forget about what we talked about this morning with the housekeeper thing .
he knew one thing for sure : he 'd never take his eyes off darius when hunter was around .
he has n't said a thing or moved a muscle . ''
jasper lifted an eyebrow and said , ` ` i ' m lucky if i can get him to tell me one thing about how his day went . ''
luis suspected they were both thinking the same thing : if they did n't catch this guy and have him locked up , they 'd never rest peacefully again .
he figured it was a safe thing to say .
but you have to promise me one thing in return . ''
` ` i think that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me .
he 'd been thinking the same thing .
but the only thing jase could remember , of all things , was that he came from alaska and that he knew how to shoot a gun .
this was the second nicest thing jase had ever said to luis .
jase would have said the exact same thing if he had n't lost his memory .
luis had been wondering the same thing .
hood said basically the same thing .
so he told jase the same thing he told alec : ` ` i ' m open to all kinds of things .
they always said the same thing when they were horny and wanted blow jobs .
another guy had once said the very same thing to him ; he 'd never forgotten it .
i 'll tell you one more thing , too .
` ` you said the same thing about alec . ''
` ` there 's only one thing i can tell you that can change your life .
but you have to promise me one thing . ''
but i also have one thing i 'd like to make clear .
he spoke with care so he would n't say the wrong thing .
he tries to hide it , and he 's always encouraging , saying just the right thing , but i know he wonders the same thing .
i pretty much said the same thing about gray , and then i went and married him .
of course it turned out that would be the one thing her mother chose to hear since the start of the phone call .
she seemed to be thinking the same thing he was now : cavity search and incarceration .
gray seemed to be thinking the same thing , as he kept a firm arm around his wife leading her toward the door .
maybe she made up this whole thing about a fiance and having nowhere to go . ''
maybe a part of her had hoped that the whole engagement thing was a mistake somehow .
since he probably would n't fall for that a second time , use the whole ' it 's that time of the month ' thing .
` ` that was the other thing i wanted to tell you .
i 'll admit that 's a little fu ... messed up , but there is one thing i can say with absolute certainty .
one thing you did n't say , though , during your story .
` ` i believe you said the same thing to me this morning , baby . ''
her eyes jerked to mac , who appeared to have heard the whole thing if his snarl was any indication .
` ` same thing , '' emma grumbled .
i 'd been asking myself the same thing as the deal i 'd worked so hard on fell apart in front of me - we 'd come with contracts and pen in hand and left empty - handed .
i want to enjoy our time together before i sail , so lets get one thing straight about the race .
he looked up when he realized grant had said nearly the same thing , but ignored his brothers frown .
and she told herself that under the circumstances , she probably would have believed the same thing sutherland and his crew had .
the only nice thing she could say about cape town was that it was a good place to do business .
in all remonstrances , shed never said such a thing .
he called after me , ` ` the only thing i told kovalev about your personal life is that you have no current lover to leave behind .
` ` there 's one thing you should know . ''
one thing i 'd learned about him ?
i snapped , ` ` sure thing ! ''
one thing i was certain of ?
too many grouchy men in trousers having meetings just to hear themselves say the same thing over and over . ''
` ` that is the best thing you can say to a man .
it was a fair dig on andy , and was the kind of thing she could say in a year or two and we 'd both laugh and say , ` ` i know , right ? ''
i asked you the same thing before i left yesterday .
i ' m not sure it meant the same thing then .
` ` that is probably the best thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
` ` because i ' m used to men who say one thing and do another . ''
` ` of course , '' he said , as though it were the most obvious thing in the world .
every new thing she learned about him flew in the face of all of the terrible things she had assumed about his character .
i did n't find san francisco ugly at all and wondered why he 'd say such a thing .
` ` i ' m sorry if i said the wrong thing . ''
i knew one thing for certain -- this was n't over between us .
i have n't heard a damn thing from that guy .
` ` your word is the last thing i should believe . ''
bottom line : he was hot , he was charming , and he did n't want anything out of me but the same thing i wanted .
out of the gutter meant one thing to the rest of the world and the opposite to us .
` ` we 're both not saying the same thing . ''
and with everything the fbi thinks they understand , they get that one thing right : i ca n't just walk away .
he had a way of saying the exact right thing .
it 's the nicest thing anybody has said to me in days , and i ' m surprised to feel a small lump in my throat .
it 's such a foolish thing to say , but i can not think of anything else .
now i feel like i understood nothing about the world then - nothing about the true horrors it holds - except for one thing , one that i realize is more true than ever : nobody else will ever be able to save me if i ' m not fighting as hard as i can to save myself .
but what a ridiculous thing to say to someone who will spend the night in torment .
and i ' m glad they do , because the next thing mr . marlowe says is , ` ` never in my wildest dreams did i think my son might meet a woman who could accept what he 's become . ''
` ` swear one thing to me .
` ` this is a hell of a thing to say after we - do n't misunderstand why i ' m asking - tess , if you need money to start over in new york , we can give it to you . ''
then she says something in lebanese , probably the exact same thing , but they know no more of her language than they do english .
after his release , she could have sworn he was about to apologize to her for taking advantage of her , but she could n't stand to hear him say he was sorry about the best thing that had ever happened to her , so she kissed him before he could say the words .
i 'd like to know one thing that 's sexy about the zoo . ''
` ` i ' m asking you to do one simple thing , and all you do is use blasphemy ! ''
inwardly she cursed herself for saying the wrong thing .
` ` sure thing , honey .
did n't know the first thing about making a nice girl feel safe and comfortable .
` ` that 's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
but instead of crafting an answer that would convince her to marry him -- something other than the inexplicable because i think i could fall in love with you that kept ringing through his brain -- he found himself telling her the only other thing in his head .
she forced herself to say , ` ` nothing 's wrong , '' the same thing she 'd been saying to everyone her entire life , whether or not it was true .
for the moment , desire was the one thing she was certain of .
he 'd been saying the same thing to her since practically the first moment they 'd met , and damn it , he did n't think he could live with himself if he ever hurt her , if he accidentally ripped her apart because he 'd needed her too bad to think straight .
` ` oh cole , you 're only making me feel worse about the other thing i have to ask you . ''
knowing himself for the bastard that he was , he said the only thing he could .
especially since julie said anna clearly does n't know the first thing about football .
-- i know one thing for sure .
the only thing that 's true is how much i love you . ''
did n't know the first thing about taking care of anyone but himself -- and his grandmother .
she was giving him her body as openly as ever , but even as she 'd let him kiss her , touch her , even as she 'd cried out with pleasure beneath him , she was holding back the most important thing of all .
she could n't let dominic know that she 'd thought the very same thing .
` ` considering i do n't know the first thing about opening and running a profitable restaurant , that 's just dumb . ''
and even more beautiful , if such a thing could be possible .
most men she 'd been with did n't know the first thing about cooking .
in all the years they 'd known each other , this was the nicest and most personal thing angie had ever said to her .
a southern drawl was the last thing she expected .
and julie knew there was n't a damn thing she could do to prepare herself for the way it was bound to make her feel .
ignoring her sarcasm , he said , ` ` i just want to say one more thing about tonight , and i do n't want you to try to turn it around or read anything bad into it , okay ? ''
` ` the only thing that 's nonnegotiable is football camp , '' he added .
` ` bobby 's right about one thing : we need a game plan . ''
instead he said , ` ` sure thing , steve . ''
oddly , even though she had n't known the first thing about football just weeks ago , she was n't nervous about fielding questions about her new role .
one more thing he 'd been wrong about .
he had n't known the first thing about what was really important .
why on earth would he say such a ridiculous thing when he knew exactly why she was here ?
logan found himself wondering the same thing .
he would n't know the first thing about lighting motel rooms on fire or creating explosions on a hillside . ''
jenny shot another glance at maya before saying ` ` sure thing , logan .
he frowned , thinking the same thing .
but the one thing she 'd said to maya was forever etched into her brain .
i ' m not telling you a goddamned thing , and you 're not getting into my garage .
the only thing she knew for sure was that the attacks were personal .
one name immediately popped into his head , and when maya looked at him , he knew she was thinking the same thing .
maya could n't let it be one more thing jenny took from him .
he paused and sam knew what was coming , the same thing his squad boss had been telling them since last summer .
` ` baby , i want you so bad , '' was the only thing he could think to say .
but even though some of the things she 'd said made sense , even though it did n't take a genius to see that he had n't exactly behaved like a hero when he was a clueless twenty - year - old kid , he was n't ready to concede a damn thing .
` ` i ' m sure i 'll find out what 's happened soon enough , '' connor added , ` ` but the one thing i know for sure is that if sam wants to do something , if he wants to help somebody , there is n't anything anyone can do to stop him .
but there was one more thing she needed to know .
` ` i ' m just wondering one thing .
it was the same thing he 'd been telling himself , the reason he got up every morning at five and ran ten miles every goddamned day .
she was incredibly talented , anyone could see that , even a guy like him who did n't know the first thing about art .
thirty - three years of feeling one thing and saying another had her on the verge of holding her friends at bay again with a really .
` ` i wish i knew the right thing to say to you .
but i ' m afraid you 're talking to someone who does n't know the first thing about making relationships work . ''
laughter was the last thing she 'd expected , but his question was so perfectly timed - so perfectly connor - that she could n't help but choke one out .
every single thing you ' ve said so far has been about you .
but first i need to say one more thing . ''
` ` same thing i ' ve been telling everyone . ''
the only thing he could be certain of anymore .
he did n't know the first thing about love .
her ni**les beaded against his chest and when he started pulling off her clothes , the only thing she could think was that it must mean he had feeling in his hands .
and the only thing i know for sure is that if you let her go , you 'll never forgive yourself . ''
as the flames danced before her , she could only think one thing : she was going to die without ever finishing her conversation with connor .
` ` they 're out there , fighting it , '' was the only thing isabel said during their drive , the terror of her words filling up the car , making it impossible for connor to reply , to soothe her fears .
she was so flustered , the first thing that came out of her mouth was , ` ` if we spend too much time together , i might not be able to remain objective about my story . ''
especially when her eyes met his and he knew that she was thinking exactly the same thing .
sigh no more , ladies , sigh no more , men are deceivers ever , one foot in sea and one on shore , to one thing constant never .
it should have been exactly the right thing for him to say .
` ` that 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever heard in my life .
because if there was one thing that she knew for sure , it was that her story about dylan sullivan should be as fun and as full of joy as the man himself .
` ` ryan said the same thing , '' a blond woman said with a smile .
he knew it might be the wrong thing to say to her right now , but anything else would be a lie .
` ` i got one thing right . ''
` ` katie , i want you to remember one thing . ''
` ` i want to know one thing . ''
however , i ' m going to need you to promise me one thing . ''
garrett better damn well take excellent care of her or else he 'd forget the whole ` ` friend '' thing and come down on him harder than an anvil on wile e. coyote .
` ` i ' m beginning to wonder the same thing myself , '' alistair said , sliding into the booth opposite mike .
and i keep coming back to the same thing .
begged for more without saying a thing .
the last thing , huh ? ''
he clenched his fists , unable to believe she would even insinuate such a horrible thing about him .
but there had been one thing constant through all of the heartache , betrayals , and tears .
` ` why , that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` your words say one thing , but your eyes say another . ''
wrong thing to say - even if he was absolutely correct .
i have no clue how to tell you how beautiful i find you without repeating the same thing until i sound like a recording , because i suck at flattery .
she opened her mouth , but the only thing that came out was a despairing sound .
` ` sure thing , soldier . ''
there was no such thing as too fast for him , but he did n't want to force her into anything she might later regret .
the one thing i can say though is that at least i can admit it to myself , and if i ' m being completely honest , i do n't give a fuck what anyone thinks about my feelings for her .
since i showed up in tokyo , i have been hearing the same thing over and over .
she has been repeating the same thing for the last three days .
` ` i would like to know the same thing . ''
` ` it 's not what it looks like , '' she said to ryder , which was perhaps the stupidest thing she had ever said in her entire life .
i meant it as a positive thing , that elec is experienced .
when he finally could speak again , his movements slowing , his back itchy with sweat and his fingers releasing their rabid grip on her hips , the only thing he could think to say was , ` ` damn . ''
it did a mother proud to have hunter say the right thing , even though she looked like she wanted to die at the mere thought of having to return it .
she looked to be thinking the same thing .
which probably would n't have been a terrible thing to say except the man evan was referring to was dead .
before suzanne could say whatever brutal thing was on her lips , they were approached by two men in golf shirts , who , to the astonishment of imogen , asked her and suzanne to dance .
elec thought the little laugh tamara had given after she 'd come had been the sexiest damn thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` it 's not the same thing . ''
yeah , i was wondering the same thing . ''
it was a perfectly nice and flirty thing to say , and imogen knew she should be excited at the opportunity being handed to her , but she still found herself glancing over at the doorway to see if ty was still there even as she answered evan .
it was a petty thing to say and he knew it , but what exactly was her objection to flirting with him ?
` ` do not say things like sliding your tongue through snot while i am drinking coffee , babe . ''
that was one thing ty could say about his brain - he had a good memory , probably because he could n't really write anything down .
he let it drop , knowing he would say the wrong thing if he continued the conversation .
` ` sure thing , monkey . ''
` ` sure thing , tammy .
` ` well , that 's a rude thing to say , even if it might have some truth to it . ''
i 'll take imogen out and make up some stupid thing about stopping by your house for paperwork . ''
god , that had been such a ridiculous and overdramatic thing to say to him .
if there was one thing suzanne could say with certainty it was that she always spoke her mind with her friends .
she would tomorrow , for certain , but for right now , she still had a thing or two to say .
tonight was as good a night as any to start persuading suzanne that maybe they should hit pause before they headed to court and signed a damn thing .
ryder had said the right things to suzanne and never even mentioned the irony of who his sponsor was , but despite being a poor country girl , she was n't dumb .
she just swiped at her eyes and said , ` ` that was a cruel and stupid thing to say .
` ` ty said the same thing .
she looked at him like that was the stupidest thing he 'd ever said , which it probably was , but hell , what was he supposed to say ?
maybe that was an exaggeration , but it seemed the appropriate thing to say , and hell , jonas seemed to think he was lucky , so maybe it was the truth .
which suzanne immediately realized was such a prissy - ass thing to say , but she felt embarrassed , like a total fraud .
and since i ' m a guy who knows a thing or two about taking a second chance on a relationship , i figured i 'd throw it out there that i ' m around if you want to talk . ''
it was the polite thing for her to say , right ?
and normally he would n't admit a damn thing , but for all he knew there was a blog going up right now about kendall and him being in that bar .
his brother was clearly wondering the same thing , because after the checkered flag , with microphones stuck in his face , elec was n't holding back on his feelings .
the thought that this man had wanted to marry her , spend his life with her , was possibly the hottest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` it 's not the same thing ! ''
that was just a stupid thing to say .
` ` that 's the freakiest damn thing you ' ve ever said . ''
it was a stupid thing to say , but he was looking for anything to distract her .
somewhere , in the part of her brain that had sense , an alarm bell went off that maybe that had n't been an appropriate thing to say , joke or not .
her brain was n't working at full capacity at the moment and she could n't think of a single clever thing to say .
that can mean more than one thing .
but his eyebrows shot up and she knew it was the wrong thing to say .
regardless of what stupid thing she said , he never got annoyed .
` ` that 's the most beautiful thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
there was n't a goddamn thing left in the world he could ask for .
leaving was the only thing that made sense .
tuesday pointed her finger at him like she was about to give a lengthy explanation , but then the only thing she actually said was , ` ` yes . ''
that a lot of times men do n't say anything because they 're afraid of saying the wrong thing ? ''
would it make you run if i said the same thing ? ''
` ` something that says you care about me and know it was hard for me to write the thing . ''
onscreen , she laughed like it was the funniest thing she 'd ever heard in her life .
okay , so that was n't the most professional thing in the world to say , but if she did n't release some of her rage , her head was liable to explode right off her shoulders .
it was a stupid , generic question , but it was the first thing that popped into her head .
then she looked like she was n't sure that was the right thing to say .
it was , she imagined , a very normal thing to say .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` oh my god , that 's the best thing i ' ve heard in a long time .
that her father thought there was a time minimum to knowing someone before you could marry him amused her because truthfully , a few weeks ago , she would have said the exact same thing .
the shawn in the club had said virtually the same thing .
this was the most insane thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` let 's get one thing clear , rhett .
now that was the dumbest thing he 'd ever heard in his entire life .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , or i ' m not doing this , '' he said , words slow and determined .
` ` sure thing , hon .
` ` not the same thing , ford . ''
it was an inane thing to say , but he wanted her to relax .
` ` because i have a thing or two i 'd like to say with my tongue before you sleep . ''
every middle - class bone in her body balked , and she decided she was going to teach mary jane a thing or two about budgets .
crossing her arms , she promised herself she would suppress the urge to show cooper a thing or two about hard - core .
` ` yeah , uh , she 's been known to post a thing or two online , '' ryder said , with a pointed glance in his direction .
it was the exact wrong thing to say .
i have a thing or two to say to you but for now i ' m going to let my cock do all the talking . ''
` ` in thirty years we 'll be looking back on your hairdo and saying the same thing , '' she remarked .
` ` i said no such thing .
what bitchy thing did she say this time ?
your little mary poppins was already here asking the same thing and i said yes , so maybe the two of you should discuss this and leave me to my relaxing . ''
the other seniors at franklin high smelled the freak on him - his indeterminate sexual preference , his home situation , the whole ` ` his mother killed herself last year '' thing .
you want to tell me how you could be such a stupid shit you could n't remember one simple thing ! ''
she had n't cursed him out yet , so the problem had to be personal - a fight with his girlfriend , or some such thing .
` ` the only thing that will satisfy her is denying my father was abused .
he yelled , which was n't the most informative thing he could have said , but at least he had the presence of mind to grab bryan 's shoulders and roll him with him off the bed .
` ` she 'll only tell you the same thing i ' m going to .
by the time zoe walked back to her own car , she realized there was one thing she knew she wanted : straight answers from her manager .
it seemed she could trust her instincts - no bad thing to have confirmed .
` ` there 's one last thing i should tell you .
` ` sure thing , lady . ''
` ` i need to make sure i ' m on the same page as you with this ' relationship ' thing . ''
` ` whenever we went for lunch at that little english cafe in paris and it was on the menu , you 'd ask for a club sandwich with extra cheese , '' he explains before i can say a thing .
` ` if there were such a thing as too much wine , i 'd go with that . ''
i want every single f**king thing i know i 'll regret tomorrow .
` ` one thing . ''
` ` tell me you want me to f**k you so hard the only thing you 'll be able to scream by the end of the night is my name . ''
i see it when he looks at me and when someone says my name , and f**k it all , i see the very same thing when i look in the mirror and think of it .
` ` i see the same thing in yours . ''
and there is n't a single thing he can say to take it back .
i ask myself the same thing every day , '' i whisper painfully .
` ` tell me one thing , '' he says , his lips brushing across mine with his words .
the same thing it says about my not having another relationship since you .
i have no plans to tell victoria 's secret a damn thing . ''
` ` i think i said the same thing to him , '' i say softly , looking up .
it does n't matter that we ' ve barely spent a night apart the whole time we ' ve been together - that 's a final thing i ca n't commit to .
` ` hey , you were about to say that exact thing . ''
it does n't , but true love is the closest thing you 'll get to perfect .
` ` and since you refuse to accept one promise without the other , i ' m asking you to promise me the same thing .
all i know is that i ca n't look away from this man in front of me as he bears his soul to me and asks me for the one thing i never imagined i 'd be able to give .
tell me you want me to f**k you so hard the only thing you 'll be able to scream by the end of the night is my name . ''
i have to tell dayton the very thing i was keeping from her for her safety , and i have to do it soon .
i hope that , in my own , she sees the same thing reflected back .
` ` tell me one thing , '' i demand , my voice rough and low .
i ' m also thinking day will kill me when i ask her , but it 's about the only thing that will calm me now .
because if she had , she 'd have become like her mother , and the one thing riley had promised herself was , she would never be any man 's doormat .
` ` i 'll talk to alex if you tell me one thing . ''
another thing to add to their conversation about his meddling , controlling ways , because riley refused to be under any man 's thumb again , a thought that only served to remind her that douglas taylor had resurfaced .
he 'd asked her for one thing if they were going to go forward , and at the most crucial moment , she had n't kept her promise .
the new stadium was a hell of a lot nicer than the breakers ' home in tampa , not that he 'd be caught dead admitting such a thing out loud .
and maybe he needed to prove the same thing to himself .
` ` are n't you going to ask me about the other thing emilio said ? ''
one thing was clear .
when she 'd rekindled this relationship , the one thing she 'd promised herself was that she 'd be the one to walk away first .
she blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , okay ?
talk was what had gotten me to remain in a relationship i knew i did n't want with a man i could n't trust ; it was what had convinced me that lance , a wall street trader , was my soul mate when , in the deepest part of my heart , i knew there was no such thing .
lance had said the same thing , and yet slowly , subtly , he 'd taken away everything i 'd ever loved .
` ` i only expect one thing in exchange . ''
i could n't think of a thing to say until the reality of how all this had occurred set in .
` ` every time i wonder how the hell we 're so alone and isolated with my entire family supposedly nearby , i think the same thing . ''
his brother , gabe , had told him the same thing .
she had n't imagined one thing about him or the intense physical attraction he inspired .
everything from her job to her dress , and worst of all , her weight - the woman had n't had one nice thing to say .
because she was about to give him the same thing .
it was the first thing that came up other than the fact that he was senator ritter 's son .
true , one thing they 'd agreed upon from the start was that neither one of them did relationships , but decklan had changed his mind .
you do n't know the first thing about having a real relationship . ''
that was the last thing he wanted and the one thing guaranteed to break through to him .
` ` i ' m sure your sister thought the same thing and where is she now ? ''
` ` remember one thing .
because the one thing ariana had learned was that whatever elena wanted , elena made certain she got .
` ` that 's ridiculous , '' she said and laughed , but she 'd thought the same thing about him .
all combined to prove just one thing .
` ` and what positive thing did i just learn ? ''
` ` i need to know one more thing , '' she said .
` ` do you believe the same thing 's true for my parents ?
because if she accepted his words as truth , if she embraced ari , it would be the same thing as admitting she 'd willingly given up five whole years of her life , spending it in vermont far from family and friends in order to be someone entirely different from them .
but if there 's one thing i can promise you , it 's that despite my social - worker lie , i ' m a man of my word .
` ` i admit no such thing . ''
` ` that 's the most thoughtful thing i ' ve ever heard , '' she said .
` ` i 'd just like you to remember one thing , '' zoe said .
` ` because i know you and while your smile might say one thing , i see something else entirely in your eyes . ''
he 'd wondered the same thing himself .
` ` that 's the most naive thing i ' ve ever heard , '' ryan muttered .
zoe asked , affronted her mother would think such a thing .
she tried to sound shocked , as if she could n't imagine such a thing .
there 's one more thing you should know .
coop 's words were one thing .
coop had been about to call the other woman on the same thing .
coop nodded , having realized the same thing .
she drew a deep breath for courage before blurting out the first thing that came to mind .
and coop said the same thing .
instead of telling her grandmother that , he said , ` ` i was just about to ask you the same thing .
had n't she just thought the same thing ?
` ` i thought the same thing .
sara wondered the same thing .
because no matter how incredible , sara knew one thing for sure when it came to relationships : all good things had to come to an end .
but remember one thing .
` ` you want to know the ironic thing ? ''
` ` angel said the same thing .
he 'd agreed and was certain that the meal was the best thing he 'd eaten in the six months since he 'd moved out .
i ' m sure you realized the same thing when you read it this morning . ''
` ` that 's the smartest thing i ' ve heard all day . ''
` ` actually , i know no such thing , '' coop said .
the one thing she knew for sure , the only thing , was that she had to be in the city to testify .
the one thing she knew for sure , the only thing , was that she had to be in the city to testify .
charlotte wondered why beth could assert one thing when she was living proof of another .
charlotte had been told the same thing by many of her customers .
` ` i think we 're saying the same thing , but i 'll drop it for now .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
` ` a setup , '' charlotte murmured , obviously realizing the same thing roman had .
that was an awful thing to say . ''
it all means the same thing .
` ` i realize i ' m probably the last person you want advice from , but please let me say one thing . ''
the only person not asking a damn thing from her was the one she 'd turned away .
charlotte kept walking , though she could n't deny her friend 's words cut deep , partly because roman had called her the same thing , and mostly because charlotte knew beth was right .
` ` no , '' he said , clearly upset she 'd think such a thing .
` ` i admit to no such thing .
he figured she was out to prove she could handle anything he dished out and after that kiss , he would n't mind proving the same thing .
asked the same thing he 'd been wondering .
and if you turn around now and show him women can say one thing and do another , if he sees your manipulation , he might decide women are n't worth the effort . ''
not an easy thing to admit .
` ` you know no such thing , '' raina said , referring to kendall .
it was a natural thing to say and a completely correct assumption about why hannah 's being difficult with me . ''
she laughed since the first thing she 'd told the doctor was about his accident in the entryway .
she was a glowing vision for any man first thing in the morning .
another thing she could n't bring herself to face .
rick had hinted at the same thing but kendall still had a hard time imagining a schoolteacher resorting to such extremes over any man .
his voice grew somber , serious , and even more sexy if such a thing was possible .
` ` i was about to say the same thing . ''
` ` i just want to clarify one thing , if it 's okay with you ? ''
she 'd thought the same thing but feared bringing up the issue .
she 'd known no such thing .
he told me the same thing . ''
madeline had told her the same thing .
` ` seems to me i said the same thing .
` ` sure thing , sweetheart . ''
she said the whole thing with a smirk .
i would think something and then he would say nearly the same thing out loud .
judging by the look on his face , he was thinking the same thing .
on the crowded sidewalk , but it was n't the worst thing anyone had yelled in boston , i was sure .
if there was one thing that was true about bostonians , it was that we would always tell you what we think .
` ` so he knew , '' was the first thing lucah said when we got in the car .
it seemed to be the only thing he could say .
the thing i knew he was going to say , but that i hoped he would n't say .
how did he always know the right thing to say ?
that probably was n't the worst thing someone had ever said to her .
i took back any bad thing i 'd ever said about her .
it did n't feel like the right thing to say , but i said it anyway .
` ` well , we have an extra bedroom , '' i responded , because that was the best thing i could think of to say .
that seemed to be the only thing he would respond to .
we 'll tell each other one thing before we go to bed every night .
` ` that kind of thing is very hard to prove without recordings , or a paper trail , and they ' ve been very careful to cover their tracks and never say anything outright that could incriminate them .
i might think the same thing if i 'd grown up like lucah and ryder .
that was pretty much the nicest thing ryder had ever said to me , so i was going to count it as a victory .
i 'd been too worried about him saying the wrong thing .
ryder and tate and i ... well , we split what was left after the fire three ways , and this was one thing i got .
the other thing dad had tried to insist on was a lavish apartment , on which i had relented , but only as long as my best friend from college , sloane , could live with me .
` ` i never wear my nipple ring to the office , if that 's what you 're wondering , '' he said when he caught me staring at his chest and wondering that very thing .
once a man 's penis has been inside you twice , you ca n't call him that without feeling weird ) , had asked me the same thing and i really did n't know the answer .
guys were weird about shoes , as in they always thought women had too many , but i say that there was no such thing .
` ` fuck you , sun , '' was the first thing i heard the next morning .
he did n't mention the love thing because he was great like that .
` ` you look pale , '' was the first thing my mother said to me .
i would n't believe it unless he 'd sat there in front of me and told me the whole thing . ''
word had gotten out to some of our clients and i basically got screamed at all day , and repeated the same thing over and over until i had to check my face to make sure it was n't blue .
the whole ' woe is me ' thing was n't for her .
sean began , ` ` and another thing - '' ` ` oh for the love of god why do n't you just piss off out of here ! ''
` ` i was thinking exactly the same thing . ''
bruno must have been thinking the same thing , or maybe it was that his ex was nearby , because he placed a gentle hand on her back .
alright maybe that was n't the smartest thing to say .
` ` same thing you always said : that i could go far if i got my act together . ''
look what happened to louisa - '' ` ` not the right thing to say , gobshite , '' condemned lily .
it had been the last thing in the world he had expected her to say .
she knew she was taking a chance here but she could see how eager the stalker was to get hold of her ; she was the objective in all this and she was so close - the thing that the stalker had been building up to was so close to fruition .
not in one million years would i ever say such a thing . ''
all of my internet research has at least taught me one thing : one upsets a pregnant woman at his peril .
i can not think of a single less attractive thing i could offer of myself than this .
i 'll show her a thing or two about what ...
is there anywhere i can ask him this kind of thing or should i just let it go ?
` ` i would never joke about such a thing , and no , i did not know this before or i never would have entered that club .
every single thing rang true , too .
` ` i sent that to you because you said that thing about hacking computers . ''
that would make even less sense than the thing being true .
i was about to ask the same thing , but instead i shut my mouth and back up .
i laugh , a bitter kind of thing .
i clench my teeth together to keep from saying the wrong thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as way too much on a night like this one . ''
it wo n't show a thing . ''
he disappeared into the garden , singing a tune whose lyrics included things about a damn pretty momma living in the junk .
all ben had to do was say one little hardly suggestive thing and i was all embarrassed again .
they 'd said the same thing to me about her once .
` ` tell me everything that happened in there and do not leave a single thing out .
` ` the no pressure thing . ''
the only thing i could come up with was that i should never ever give a demon what he wanted .
and since he wanted to know ben 's name , that would be the last thing i told him .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , demon .
` ` i'd - a - thought that 'd be the first thing you heard when you finally woke up . ''
` ` i 'll bet you said the same thing about vampires , once . ''
it was when it happened in reality that i tended to kind of screw things up and say the first thing that popped into my head .
i frowned at him , not sure we were talking about the same thing .
scrum joined him with the whole disbelief thing .
it was a terrible thing to hear , especially coming from a werewolf who was supposed to be my bodyguard .
i nodded , not sure we were talking about the same thing , hoping we were n't .
i said the second thing that popped into my head , glad i had the presence of mind to not say the first thing .
i said the second thing that popped into my head , glad i had the presence of mind to not say the first thing .
i did n't trust myself to say the right thing or not try to strangle him .
there was one thing he could say that would change the way i had just felt .
` ` same thing you are .
` ` some fae say the same thing about elementals . ''
i said the first thing that popped into my head .
i held up my hands , hoping it meant the same thing in dragon body language as it did in fae .
his tone had gone angry , so now on top of my freak - out over dragonriding , i was worried that he was going to say the wrong thing and possibly upset the delicate balance of the new relationships i had with him and samantha , and also possibly cause a big - time ruckus when we were trying to get the hell out of these messed - up woods without being seen or heard .
samantha and i faced each other , both saying the exact same thing at the exact same time .
i rolled my eyes , ready to let him know what i thought about that whole thing , when there was a banging on the door .
` ` she pretty much said the same thing about you .
the whole ' our realm ' thing was a little creepy , but the rest of it sounded do - able .
the gleam that popped into the woman 's eyes told jewell that she 'd said the right thing .
only one thing was for sure - all women were like his mother .
why did he always have to go for the jugular , to say the meanest thing he could think of ?
it was the only thing she could think .
the woman 's face did n't tell jewell a single thing ; it was closed and almost blank .
the steel in his voice told her that he was speaking the truth , and the anxiety in her stomach told her the same thing .
` ` you call me the same thing .
he had no idea where this was going with mckenzie , but he knew one thing for sure : the surprises were n't over .
` ` that 's the smartest thing you ' ve said all day , '' he grumbles , making me grin again .
he 's panting like saying that was the hardest thing he 's ever pushed past his lips .
men may come and go , but my friends will be a part of my life forever , and that is the best thing i could ever ask for .
yesterday , when jill said she was pregnant , i heard kensie 's voice , saw her face , saying the same thing thirteen years ago , and watching my world fall apart around me .
i wondered ... was it even possible for him to believe such a thing ?
my mortification paralyzed me to the point i could only manage one thing .
that was the first thing out of her mouth , along with a shriek and hugs all around .
` ` i do n't remember being asked such a thing . ''
ben could say the crassest thing and manage to make it come out proper and refined .
so when ethan says a thing like ' let me make love to you , beautiful brynne ' i knew i did n't have a chance .
brynne ... '' the fact she even asked me such a thing pissed me off .
what mother would say such a thing to her daughter after a suicide attempt ?
you of all people endorsing matrimony - that 's the most hilarious thing i ' ve heard all year coming from your mouth , or should i say , your idiot arse . ''
` ` i think you 're going to kill me , woman ... in a really nice f**king way , '' i managed to say , but it was the last thing either of us spoke for a while .
i am sure it was the very last thing i expected her to ask me .
so much ... except for the one thing i wanted to know , and did n't know at all .
when i looked at the face he was showing me now , i was certain about one thing .
i would n't know the first thing about the protocol involved with having royalty at one 's wedding . ''
funny how he said the same thing about me sometimes .
` ` you were baiting me with the five - more - months thing , right ? ''
he 'd said the same sort of thing before on other occasions .
i did n't want to imagine what the second thing was .
` ` i can think of only one thing , brynne . ''
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard in my life . ''
could i even survive such a thing ?
she just kept telling me the same thing over and over .
i think she was in a bit of shock because she just kept saying the same thing over and over again .
` ` well , '' i said , and then just let the word hang there , suddenly unable to come up with a single thing to say .
people had said the same thing after gracie died , every word like fingernails on a chalkboard .
` ` you , '' he said simply , and though it could n't possibly be true , right then it was the best thing he could have said to me .
` ` you never told me the second thing , '' i said , suddenly remembering .
and as we lay in the sand under the bright summer sun , i said the only thing there was left to say .
` ` that was either a brilliant move or complete lunacy , '' i announced , but the girl in the mirror did n't say a thing , and i ca n't say that i blamed her .
he laughed as if i 'd just said the funniest thing in the world , then slid his arm around my waist .
` ` first thing that man ever said that 's made any sense at all . ''
that 's sort of the point of the whole friendship thing , right ?
` ` you know the nice thing about bench seats ?
i drew in a breath , thinking that was the most perfect thing anyone had ever said to me .
` ` it 's all me , '' he said , stepping into the room with a towel wrapped loosely around his hips , and making me regret very seriously that whole getting - to - work thing .
it was n't the kind of thing i expected a criminal mastermind with a swindler 's heart to say .
` ` well , the most eloquent thing i can say is that i like it .
tyler did n't say a thing to me . ''
her eyes widened , as if i 'd just said the most scandalous thing imaginable .
` ` what a thing to say to the father who loves you . ''
because no matter how far off true north my dad 's moral compass might be , i knew one thing for certain : there was nothing in this world he valued more than me , with one simple exception - his own neck .
instead i just brushed another kiss over his lips , drew in a breath , and gathered the courage to tell him the one thing that i had never shared with another living soul .
` ` i think that may be the most romantic thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
` ` and the second thing ? ''
and then , as i watched the smile ease slowly across his face , i knew that not only were the words true , but they were the perfect thing to say .
and the message sure as hell did n't give me a hint as to why cole had n't said a single thing about her .
for another thing , the only way you 'll hurt me is if you leave me . ''
` ` every last thing , baby .
` ` i could ask you the same thing , '' he says , deflecting my words but not my worry .
one goddamn thing after another , and i ca n't even lash out .
i ' m not entirely sure that damien can say the same thing .
i ' ve put on fifteen welcome pounds since the years when my mother monitored every tiny thing that went in my mouth , and while i ' m perfectly happy with my size - eight ass , i would n't describe it as skinny .
i can easily see that she 's wondering the same thing i am : what just happened ?
that whole new life , new nikki thing does n't apply where getting naked with damien stark is concerned .
i remember that evelyn said almost exactly the same thing and feel a little queasy .
somehow , he always knows the right thing to say - and manages to say it with incredibly efficiency .
this is the kind of thing that i want damien to tell me .
i just want to hear the horrible thing and get out of there .
i ' ve learned many things during my time with this man , and one thing i know is that with damien , i am free to go utterly wild .
i immediately know that i ' ve said the wrong thing .
` ` same thing you are , texas . ''
` ` damien 's worried about the same thing , '' i admit quietly .
i do n't bother to remind her that i ' ve met rip and lyle before and since all they speak is hollywood , i could n't make sense of a thing they were saying .
considering the way cindy hovers by my desk , she must think the same thing , and she 's curious about what the world 's sexiest billionaire sends to his girlfriend .
i got the whole thing wrong and i screwed damien and i screwed you .
i catch damien 's eye and i know he 's wondering the same thing that i am - will i still be fine once i step back into the world ?
` ` there 's no such thing as bad pr ? ''
i laugh , remembering that sylvia said the same thing .
` ` i do not intend to make any more statements to the press , so i will add one final thing for the record .
i force a smile , because the one thing i will not do is let damien see how terrified i am of losing him .
` ` you must be relieved , '' maynard says , which is probably the most ridiculous thing anyone has ever said to me .
for once , i ca n't tell you a damn thing .
` ` it 's the truest thing in the world . ''
but he needs to sleep , and right now that is the only thing i am capable of giving him .
she wo n't say a thing . ''
` ` i did n't say a thing , '' he says .
and you are n't telling me a goddamn thing . ''
so i am confident that giselle has no idea that i ' m still wary - or that tiny seeds of jealousy remain buried just below the surface , ready to sprout if she says the wrong thing or looks at damien with the slightest hint of attraction .
hell , that is exactly what i did when damien did that very thing .
` ` i love you , too , '' i say , because it is the only truly honest thing i ' ve said since i walked in this room .
` ` it will be the first thing i tell him . ''
every harsh thing i 'd said to her , every brutally honest thing she 'd shot back at me , just circled in my head , on repeat , torturing me .
every harsh thing i 'd said to her , every brutally honest thing she 'd shot back at me , just circled in my head , on repeat , torturing me .
she giggled like i 'd just said the funniest thing , but she did bend forward to fish around in her bag , retrieving a small pink wallet .
i would have agreed to any f**king thing right then .
i knew i should be saying something sweet back to her , and i felt it , and wanted to say the right thing , but i just had no inkling what it was .
it did n't hold up against my logical brain 's theory that every sad , lonely old man who had found themselves in this position had told themselves the exact same thing .
` ` holy shit , '' i said , still processing the whole thing .
it was a crazy thing to say , but i could n't hold it back .
and it was far from the craziest thing i 'd said that night .
in terms of possible reactions , it was n't the worst thing she could ' ve said .
` ` happier than i am right now , with you saying a thing like that .
` ` i ' m not explaining that to you , not with how you 're reacting to the last thing i told you . ''
i 'll tell you one thing , though , i ' m not hiring any more dimes for the assistant gig .
you keep saying a thing , i 'll hold you to it .
but that was n't the thing that had a weight pressing in on my chest like concrete .
that sounded like about the best thing i 'd ever heard in my life .
none of us would have let a thing like that slide .
it was an ugly thing to say , and i did n't even mean it .
the burger must have been good , because she ate the whole thing , wasting lots of her allotted calories on it .
same damn thing that i ' m proposing for tomorrow .
and dammit , some part of me thought it was the sweetest thing he 'd ever done .
i wanted to take strong exception to that statement , but i could n't think of a single thing to say that would n't come out sounding like self - pity , so i kept my peace , and started walking again .
i did n't know how to answer , and the first thing out of my mouth was perhaps the most incriminating thing i could have said .
i did n't know how to answer , and the first thing out of my mouth was perhaps the most incriminating thing i could have said .
that was an ass**le thing to say .
i 'd told him that exact thing once .
but i 'll tell you one thing , it 's a fact that you were responsible for making me better .
and in all of that time , i ca n't ever remember him saying one negative thing about anybody .
the thing i 'd been looking for , and if i was honest , hoping for , since i 'd first met her .
it just seemed like the appropriate thing to say .
he said the same thing , over and over , between those raw , awful , gasping , wrenching , sobs .
frankie had just asked me the strangest thing , and then bev 's response had absolutely floored me .
this could n't be an easy thing to ask somebody .
` ` same thing .
how would i tell her a thing like that ?
` ` tell me one thing , do you think you need more time , or will it ever be an option ?
was the first thing he said when i finally took his call .
the thing i needed to say , the thing i should have said a long time ago .
the thing i needed to say , the thing i should have said a long time ago .
the thing that broke my heart into a million jagged pieces .
not only was she not taking back the awful thing she 'd said , but she looked like she was getting angrier by the second , like she 'd actually meant it .
but i swear , you 're so down - to - earth and easy to talk to that i find myself just spouting out the least little thing .
and then the other thing she said registered with him and he found himself frowning .
the thing she 'd lacked the courage to offer him first .
that 's the most ridiculous , absurd thing i ' ve ever heard in my entire life .
` ` there 's another thing you should know , '' swanny said as eddie took a seat in one of the chairs .
` ` i should go , '' she said , saying the first thing that popped into her mind .
` ` pms , '' she said , knowing it was the one thing guaranteed to make him haul ass in the opposite direction .
every goddamned thing there is to know .
i could n't think of a single thing .
one thing that you want to feel . ''
` ` that 's a dangerous thing to offer a man like me . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as just looking , kyrie .
i know that 's not a great thing to say , or to think about after what we just did together , but that 's exactly the point .
it was the only thing i could think to ask .
i thought one thing , then the other , in rotating cycles moment by moment .
` ` that 's the kind of thing valentine says to me . ''
that 's the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` one thing i have learned , working for valentine roth : he will never tell you an outright lie .
i ' m not even sure i ' ve made the right guess , quite honestly , but it 's the only thing that makes sense to me , based on my limited knowledge . ''
that was probably where the nerves came into play ; he was wondering the same thing i was .
if there 's one thing i ca n't stand , in any way , shape , or form , it 's being lied to , and that includes having the truth withheld .
there obviously was more to it , and i suspected there was a lot more to shane than i 'd suspected , but i could n't very well expect him to just tell me every last thing about himself all at once , could i ?
it was the same thing , day after day , for the rest of my life .
him having girlfriends is one thing .
my heart melted every time he called me his love , or sweetheart , or any number of sweet , silly things like that .
i know it 's not an original thing to say , but you 're very beautiful , niall . ''
` ` there 's no such thing . ''
` ` i do n't owe you a damn thing , jenny . ''
vic was so preoccupied in his dark thoughts and self - recriminations for not ordering every last thing that missy shane had been offering on the menu tonight that at first he did n't comprehend what donny meant when he pulled up in the gravel driveway next to vic 's cottage .
it was like salt being poured on a wound to hear a good friend say such a thing right after she 'd seen the man she loved in the act of practically having sex with another woman if it were n't for the flimsy barrier of their clothing .
and meg could tell that vic was thinking the same thing as he watched the boy fumble with the remote control .
` ` i ' ve been thinking the same thing . ''
was n't that a particularly selfish thing to say ?
` ` just tell me one thing first . ''
` ` you know no such thing , '' she countered , even though she feared he was right .
` ` you ca n't leave that much money in a checking account , '' he stated as if saying the most obvious thing on the planet .
` ` i wonder the same thing about you , '' she mumbled frantically , her face pressed into the couch , muffling her speech .
had she secretly feared this very thing all night as they talked and made love and truly shared of themselves ?
something flickered across his stoic features , and she wondered if he 'd also recalled how he 'd said a similar thing to her weeks ago ... the night when she 'd first met him right here at noble enterprises .
somehow , she knew ian would n't like her saying that particular thing .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' she breathed .
from the first thing i said to you that was unappreciative and callous to the last selfish thing i ' ve done .
i 'd assumed the same thing about you .
` ` i was thinking no such thing , '' she lied hotly .
` ` the same thing you are , more than likely .
` ` what a thing to say , gerard , '' anne scolded , repressing a shiver .
the only thing that she could be sure of , the only thing that felt terrifyingly real , was that invisible tether that had always seemed to join her and ian stretching tight .
the only thing that she could be sure of , the only thing that felt terrifyingly real , was that invisible tether that had always seemed to join her and ian stretching tight .
` ` i was about to ask you the same thing , '' he said .
` ` gerard , that 's a horrible thing to say .
francesca had told him no such thing .
` ` will you promise me one thing ? ''
` ` nobody has explained one thing .
` ` i told ian much the same thing . ''
` ` that 's a lovely thing for a son to say about his mother . ''
` ` i realize no such thing , '' she stated unequivocally .
it was an incredibly sweet thing to say .
` ` she says the same thing about you .
jeremiah had said the same thing to me when i 'd said i loved him .
it was one thing to make fun of your own family , another thing for someone else to say such things .
i let out a relieved sigh , glad not to be the only one who thought the same thing .
he 'd parked himself in a bar stool , ordered a drink , and said one thing and one thing only , as he nodded , surveying the joint , ` ` yeah , i like this place .
he 'd parked himself in a bar stool , ordered a drink , and said one thing and one thing only , as he nodded , surveying the joint , ` ` yeah , i like this place .
the way the story makes you think one thing , and then all of a sudden , '' he said , twisting his hand to the side to demonstrate a u - turn , ` ` you ' ve gone the other direction . ''
and while she was n't sure what she wanted from him , she did know one thing for certain - she wanted to see him again .
and then a burst of warmth surrounded her heart as she flashed on all the sweet things he 'd said to her .
` ` i did n't say a thing . ''
it would be her tell , and if there 's one thing she knew from the mobster movies she 'd seen , you do n't let them smell your fear .
but let me make one thing clear , mr . big bucks , you are not paying it off for me . ''
maybe that 's why she felt bold enough to say the next thing .
he swallowed , wishing he did n't have to say the next thing .
her breath fled , and one thing was clear .
she shivered against him , her body responding to every sensual , suggestive , and dirty thing he said .
` ` actually , i hate to be blunt , but i ' ve learned a thing or two about being upfront , seeing as how i failed to be upfront about something really important for ten years . ''
she just kind of word - vomited up this whole thing about whether we used his sex toys .
he said the only thing he could say .
the only thing that was completely true .
he hoped she was going to say the very thing he wanted , the thing he 'd been planning to ask her for in bed .
he hoped she was going to say the very thing he wanted , the thing he 'd been planning to ask her for in bed .
he wanted to tell her he was so afraid of saying the wrong thing , of hurting the right person , of loving the wrong way .
he feared that if he said anything else , if he revealed too much or too little , that he 'd simply say the wrong thing .
he inhaled deeply , exhaled , and said the hardest thing of all .
she wished she could reach across the ocean and hug the man for saying the first evolved thing she 'd heard in a long while .
i do n't get the whole ' let it go ' thing . ''
` ` what whole ' let it go ' thing ? ''
she was so fiery , so intoxicating , and it was like being buzzed on the kind of kisses that only spelled one thing , flashing like a neon sign advertising hot sex , coming soon .
that was the last thing he needed her to think .
and now , he was giving her back the thing he 'd taught her to give up .
before i could say another word , they filed out of the office one by one and left me there with a stack of papers i knew i should have an attorney look at before i signed a thing .
` ` i just do n't understand one thing .
there was no such thing as ` ` the one . ''
erin 's suggestion sounded like the scariest thing i 'd ever heard .
all i know is that reporter wrote things only a member could know , and of all the members , you 're the only one i see with a reason to want this place closed . ''
i stopped in front of her door and stood with my hand up in front of me ready to knock for a moment as i told myself the same thing i 'd said every day since offering olivia her job back .
as we talked over the details for the party , that last thing she said repeated in my head over and over .
i 'd say the same thing if she was standing right here next to me .
god , he was even sexy first thing in the morning .
remember the truth thing between us ?
rachel rushed to cover herself and began rambling that we had n't meant for it to happen , but i never said a thing .
she ran out without saying a thing , and i pushed lola out of the way to catch up with her .
` ` what happened to honesty and the truth thing we had , stefan ?
i knew she was thinking the same thing i was .
` ` promise me one other thing . ''
i could n't stand the silence , and i blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
the only thing i ' m afraid of is not having you in my life .
just promise me that you wo n't say a thing to kane , no matter what he does .
we stood there not saying a thing , me because i did n't know what to say to the woman i 'd believed always hated my very existence , and her because i had a feeling now that she could accept me i was more like a stranger to her than ever before .
` ` i know your mother has never had a nice thing to say about me , but would it be so bad to be like me in some way ? ''
` ` who says that kind of thing ?
me murdered and in pieces along an isolated country road and my sister devastated because i had forgotten the one thing she 'd always told me not to do - get into cars with strangers .
i took a seat on the very formal sofa and sat back with the contract in hand , determined to read the entire thing from the first to last word .
was it possible there was such a thing as love at first sight and he 'd felt that about me ?
what stopped them was tristan 's icy demeanor as he sat across from me , only rarely acknowledging my presence with a knowing look and never saying a thing to me the entire three and a half hours it took to get from new york to dallas .
we sat together , our bodies pressed against one another , without saying a thing .
` ` i ' m not telling you a thing . ''
i flung open the door and before either man could say a thing , exclaimed , ` ` i have no shoes !
and that thing she said about nina wanting to kill herself was n't true , tristan .
i did n't mean to say the wrong thing .
i stared at her knowing that was a shitty thing to say , but i did n't care .
` ` i know you do n't remember this , but you asked me the same thing once , so i 'll tell you again what i told you that night .
without saying a thing , he stood from the bed and walked over to the dresser to open a drawer .
i still was n't sure how i felt about him , but between the jealousy that had nearly consumed me as i looked at those pictures with him and the women he called actresses and the desire he 'd created in me as i sat in his room the night before and in his office that morning , i knew one thing for sure .
i was sure of only one thing .
another thing i could n't remember .
now that we 'd slept together , spending the night with him in his room seemed like the next logical step , but i was n't sure it meant the same thing to him .
i could n't think of a thing i wanted at that moment more than to feel him inside me .
it 's the same thing every day .
i think the same thing about my mother .
he leaned against the doorframe and stared at the spot where just a short while earlier the last thing he 'd said was that the soul he 'd known for longer than any other was dead to him .
the last thing he said was that rogers was dead to him , and then less than an hour later he was dead .
i do n't want to hear another thing about what tristan wants .
nina turned to leave and stopped short to sign one more thing .
in a flash , the memory of when tristan said that same thing to me that first night on our ride out to the house flooded through my mind and before i could stop myself , i was sitting there in my gardener 's apartment crying like a baby .
i need to know just one thing .
it 's as if he 'd lived all his life thinking one thing , and now he had to grapple with the fact that what he 'd believed was n't true at all .
with tears in her words , she spoke the worst thing i 'd ever heard .
` ` nina , it 's not the same thing . ''
i ' m sure your doctor would say the same thing .
i 'd denied her the one thing she 'd asked .
without saying a thing , he stood and walked around the bed , climbing in to lie next to me .
she 'd called forth something in me that no one else ever had , to me that meant only one thing ; she 's meant to be mine .
how would she react to such a thing ?
the one sure thing i kept coming back to was to keep her with me at all cost .
` ` baby , i promise i will never think such a thing , ever .
her mouth was saying one thing and her body another .
if there 's one thing you can be sure of with us thorpe men , it 's the fact that we hold our women in the highest regard , we do n't take any slight or infraction against them lightly .
he started laughing like he 'd just heard the funniest thing in his life .
it 's the only thing i could scream as he hit all the right places inside and when that overwhelming feeling of drowning overtook me i went with it pulling his mouth forcefully down on mine so i could be the one to ravish .
that could only mean one thing , he 'd been shielding her from what the men were saying , but he himself had been listening in .
and while that 's not the easiest thing to think about , it does make me grateful to have found a friend as constant and fierce as kelly .
` ` trust you , '' i reply , shaking my head , ` ` that 's another thing that wo n't be so easy , i ' m warning you now . ''
and more than anything else , that one little gesture tells me one thing for sure : i ' m in good hands .
` ` fine , '' i say , sliding my hands down the panes of his chest , ` ` there 's just one more thing i need to know right now , and then i 'll be satisfied . ''
it 's the way things work around here , '' wendy snaps , ` ` you do n't know the first thing about life in an mc , do you ? ''
that i might actually marry someone who says things like ' the help ' and ' angry feminist thing ' ? ''
not even kassie knows the extent to which i already know a thing or two about the mc life .
` ` i do n't really know the first thing about porn , '' i tell them .
taking in the sight of him , shirtless across the breakfast table , one thing becomes abundantly clear .
the main floor of the fbi field office is alive with activity , even first thing in the morning .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about me , '' he growls , ` ` if you did , you would n't have followed me out here . ''
but there 's one thing i know for damn sure - i ' m not supposed to be here .
he does n't know the first thing about me .
` ` brooks ... wait , '' i manage to say , as he takes my breasts in his hands , ` ` i just have to tell you one thing , before- '' ` ` ca n't it wait , red ? ''
` ` of course you do , '' i shrug , ` ` but that does n't guarantee a damn thing . ''
obviously several of the others had been feeling the same thing but were too intimidated by the debutants ' cattiness to say something .
` ` you 're telling me all of these things to try and make me horrified , but the only thing that 's happening is that i love you even more for the vulnerable child you were , and the strong , capable , caring man you have become . ''
` ` there 's just one more thing i need to know . ''
` ` you know ... '' she was about to tell him that exact thing , but his mouth covered hers and he pulled her against his hard body .
in fact , he 'd heard her say almost the exact same thing to another woman when she did n't realize he was behind her .
looking up into his eyes , she could tell that he was remembering the same thing .
she saw his eyes light up and she knew she 'd said the right thing .
she felt his arms tighten around her and knew that she 'd said the right thing .
and i ' m not going to be used , '' she growled , planting her fists on her hips and daring him to say the wrong thing .
ignoring my squinty glare , he said , ` ` the last girl we shared said the same thing .
but -- and this was a big but -- he 'd made one thing clear from the start : we could be master and slave , dom and sub , but we could never be lovers in the traditional sense .
god , what an awful thing to say about himself .
but let 's make one thing clear , minx , '' he growled , eyes sharp , ` ` you ca n't take me .
stella immediately tensed , but did n't say a thing , so i kept pushing in until i felt her barrier .
the first thing i thought when i entered her was , this is heaven .
one thing i vowed , too , that i would have to be honest .
it was the most painful thing i had ever experienced .
in this heated moment , all i knew was one thing ; from the root of her head to the tips of her dainty toes , stella was mine .
for him to dole out that hefty sum , it could only mean one thing and i hated him for it ... a little .
when mark had seen me earlier , the first thing he had said was that i looked decadent .
when i said i want your all , i meant the whole thing .
entranced by those mesmerizing , intense , green eyes , i found myself handing him the damning thing , hoping i had n't completely lost my mind .
ava had n't said a thing .
i did n't say a thing ; however , the door still opened as a cautious looking reiss entered .
i was n't sure of his motives yet , but i knew one thing for certain : ashton was n't the kind of man who backed down when the situation was difficult .
what an asinine thing to say after what he had just hurled .
that was a harsh , cold - hearted thing to say , even for her .
shagging him 'cause you fancied the bloke is one thing .
what a truly sad thing to think about after what i had just shared with him , but it was my reality and there was no point in sugarcoating the truth .
what an odd thing to say , especially coming from him .
` ` if i let you , you have to promise me one thing . ''
i wanted to feel embarrassed to demand such a thing to him , yet if i let him have his way and he still carried on with his activities with other women , then there was no point in any of this .
the one thing that repeated over and over in my mind as i watched her was , perfection .
i saw mr . stone was about to speak but there was one more thing i had to say .
i did n't mean that husband thing .
` ` you heard that , but you did n't hear the thing about the health division ? ''
` ` i ' m so sorry , that was the lamest thing to say .
ian had almost had him with that awesome sex thing , and the trust thing .
like that was n't a revealing thing to say .
` ` just tell me one thing , '' t said hoarsely .
the first pleasant thing carl had said .
sam told nik more - the boyfriend thing , the no condom thing , the i missed you and even the ithinkiloveyou .
sam told nik more - the boyfriend thing , the no condom thing , the i missed you and even the ithinkiloveyou .
he could n't think of a fucking thing to say .
ian kissed him again , and looked at him as if afraid whatever awful thing he was about to say would make sam dump him .
` ` just tell me one thing . ''
it hazed his vision with sickly green and plugged his ears so all he could hear were the things he was screaming to his best fucking friend , as ian lay on the ground , gasping for breath .
that was a nice thing to hear .
in his experience , men who did n't like themselves made selfish boyfriends , and that was the most polite thing he could say about them .
she 'd assume the wrong thing ; he 'd trained her to think of him that way .
` ` that makes one thing easier . ''
squeezing his eyes shut , he blurted the thing that had been running around in his mind the last few weeks , ` ` i ' ve always been kind of an asshole , have n't i ? ''
` ` i thought the same thing . ''
but here 's the thing no one seems to get : this is my life .
` ` he 's trying to tell me the same thing .
which could only mean one thing .
then dalton was filling him up , and tierney no longer regretted a single thing .
` ` well , i 'll tell you one thing : none of the cooperating agencies are happy with american . ''
the blossoms were all too perfect , and the prearranged bouquets all had little signs perched in them , with things like ` ` i love you '' embossed on plastic hearts .
it was a nice thing to say , even if it was n't true .
he swallowed , because this was the thing he never admitted , but tierney needed to know .
then he said , ` ` he 's here , '' which was the first helpful thing to come out of his mouth all night .
` ` if you go to five , and they all say the same thing , then you listen , but i 'll tell you what .
i was thinking the same thing about him .
for one thing , it was a humble thing for him to say , and that was n't something you came across very often in hollywood .
it seemed like a nearly impossible thing to admit to him , but there was a part of me that figured once he heard even half the story he would probably be gone in the blink of an eye .
but this remains my favorite thing i ' ve ever written .
that 's the kind of thing someone usually says when they 're denying having the same feelings for someone else that they have for you .
max : yes , but you have to promise me one thing .
` ` strange thing for a writer to say . ''
` ` sure thing , tom , '' tristan answered in his normal silky bass .
i could n't imagine such a thing .
` ` that 's one thing it means . ''
about the only thing i can say about them is that they 're clean .
` ` is it impossible for you to remember the one thing i have asked of you ?
` ` that 's a wonderful thing to say , daddy .
` ` that 's a wonderful thing to say . ''
` ` the only thing that 's clear around here is that you 're an arrogant asswipe ! ''
` ` that 's not the same thing at all . ''
say the whole thing . ''
i ' ve caught glimpses of his own pain and frustration , and every time he holds me close like this and whispers sweet things in my ear , i find myself wishing i knew more of him .
i ' m still not sure why i ' m suddenly having this twisted emotional reaction to him , but one thing 's for certain : touching him again is a bad idea .
i remember how calder accused me of that very thing after all of my calls and letters and emails .
i read the entire thing twice because the first time i ' m too angry to absorb everything .
the fact that he sent this painting to me means one thing and one thing only : that calder and i are absolutely , completely over .
the fact that he sent this painting to me means one thing and one thing only : that calder and i are absolutely , completely over .
he murmurs soft things , sweet things , but that only makes it worse .
he murmurs soft things , sweet things , but that only makes it worse .
it 's a strange thing for him to say out of the blue , but i smile .
his confirmation has proved several things : first , that his present is a physical object - not a ` ` favor '' or some other intangible thing .
` ` i know that there 's no such thing as a perfect relationship , but i 'll be damned if i do n't try .
` ` i can think ... of one more thing ...
half a dozen ... of all the explanations for those unknown calls calder 's been getting all evening , this is the last thing i expected .
` ` sure thing , boss , '' she said snidely , and then saluted me .
i pulled the shirt down to cover myself and hopefully some of my embarrassment , and blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
because once he got going , that feeling of being completely filled was actually pretty close to the best thing i had ever felt .
` ` so i guess now we 're back to the whole ' i bought you and you 'll do as you 're told ' thing ? ''
you 'd have thought i was offering him the same damn thing he had been offering me , because i swear he got a hard - on .
` ` for badgering you about the name thing .
i was shocked , and what came out of my mouth was , ` ` i fucking love you ... , '' which was a really stupid thing to say , so i had to fix that shit by adding , ` ` you - rrrr enthusiasm . ''
because it was the most idiotic thing i could ' ve said , but something in the pit of my desolate heart told me it was right .
i supposed that what i 'd said was n't very ladylike , and certainly not the sort of thing a woman dating noah crawford would say out loud .
` ` sure thing , and thanks , '' i said with a genuine smile before i turned and headed toward the bar .
sure thing .
` ` dad , i 'd like for you to meet my ... um , boyfriend , noah crawford , '' i said , not really sure what to call him , which is probably why the whole thing came out sounding more like a question rather than a statement .
` ` sure thing , sweetie , '' he answered .
` ` so does that mean i ' m forgiven for the panty thing ? ''
well , that certainly was an odd thing to say , but noah was quirky in his own little way , and i was bouncing like a little girl on the inside , so i did n't question him any further .
the first thing she said to me was , ` ` and i suppose you want me to be your maid of honor ? ''
i had been thinking about this a lot , and the only thing i could come up with was that my sense dissolved when i was near adam .
once i had thought the same thing about myself , too .
but you have n't shared one thing about your past with me . ''
the only thing you ' ve been demanding over and over this past month ?
` ` katelyn , there 's one more thing i want to ask you . ''
it was the only thing i could think to say because his mouth crept dangerously close to mine .
but the only thing that came out of my mouth was , ` ` i ah ... i'm- '' ` ` you left , '' he interrupted my mumbling .
she must be thinking the same thing i was .
` ` can i ask you one more thing ? ''
one thing i was learning from preston was that the truth could be taken a lot of different ways , but it was still the truth .
he was not my favorite person at the moment , but even now , one thing remained true .
` ` i was just asking myself the same thing . ''
my mother 's voice on the line was the kindest thing i 'd heard in a long time .
i told myself the same thing i had the past few weeks : it 's nothing i ca n't handle- dizziness suddenly swept over me and i jerked forward , almost falling off the platform .
it was the only thing that made sense that i could cling to in that moment .
the only thing that came to mind was the truth .
it was the same thing i told my mother with a smile a month ago .
one thing i learned growing up on the streets of chicago was that pervs will be pervs , and if you want to survive , use what you have to your advantage .
but the only thing my mind and my body were screaming was to stay .
same thing in my book .
there was only one thing that felt right .
chapter three consciousness slowly drifted into my sleepy brain and there was one thing i was certain of : i was enveloped by a cloud and i never wanted to leave .
best steak i ' ve ever had , '' rhys replied and the old man smiled like rhys 's approval was the single best thing he 'd ever heard .
you make it sound like i ' m some bitch that never has a nice thing to say . ''
he had just said the same thing to me .
` ` same thing , '' i stated and went to shake him off , but his grip held tight .
no one had ever said such a thing before .
` ` that was a shitty thing to say , '' i growled .
his nostrils flared and his eyes went vacant for a moment like he was recalling the very thing i was challenging him to think about .
` ` emma ... emma , damn it ... no ... stay with me , baby ... '' the last thing i heard before giving in to the blissful numbing dream was rhys 's voice doing the one thing i 'd never heard it do .
which actually was the closest thing i had to one myself .
` ` when i first laid eyes on you , i thought the same thing .
he lets out a sharp bark of laughter like that 's the most absurd thing he 's ever heard .
it 's his second favorite thing to say , besides ' nonsense ' .
` ` i only know one thing , and that is that i know nothing .
you never know when it might be the last thing you ever say .
she laughs again , laughs like that 's the funniest thing she 's ever heard .
and i ' ve told you the same thing multiple times since . ''
` ` you say one thing and then do another , and i guess i trusted what you did instead of what you said .
` ` sure thing , '' he says .
i 'd told her this exact thing the night in her dorm room .
he said the most horrible thing to me and i just lost it , '' i try to explain but in all the noise and hubbub no one can hear me .
then he told me the worst thing he could have ever said .
he starts telling me about how i will feel better tomorrow and the sting wo n't last and some other thing but i do n't really hear it .
i knew the minute it came out of my mouth it was the wrong thing to say .
she turns her back to me , and then whirls around to tell me one more thing .
` ` tell me one thing , '' i say to her quickly as i turn to sign the rejoinder .
as i walk through his door , i hear him say one thing under his breath that chills me to the bone .
i 'll need to unhinge my jaw to accommodate that thing .
i guess the multi - million dollar home sitting directly on the beach in malibu and the running two companies thing makes sense .
that 'd be the only obvious thing on her mind .
i ' ve told myself the same thing , over and over , yet some unknown force holds me back .
it was the only thing i could think to do when i learned he was having a bad day - it 's the same thing my mom used to make me when i needed comforting .
` ` let 's get one thing straight .
he 's wrong about one thing - i ' ve never untangled myself .
i do n't trust myself to say the right thing .
i ca n't think of a single thing to say , but i know with resounding clarity this is n't something that can be spoken .
` ` and while he assured me that he does n't have any interest in you , i needed to hear you say the same thing . ''
i think we 're all wondering the same thing - how do we go on living in a world where my bright , lovely sister no longer exists ?
i say the one and only thing i know he can not argue with .
he would know the right thing to say at a time like this .
the next thing out of her mouth was a joke , ` ` maybe you should move to la and marry that collins guy . ''
when she meets my eyes , i can tell we 're both thinking the same thing .
that 's just some stupid thing kids say - it does n't mean anything .
and after last night , i ' m pretty sure the only thing keeping us apart is his need to break it off with tatianna .
pace asks , chuckling at me from behind his fist , like this is the goddamn funniest thing he 's ever heard .
` ` funny , emmylou said the same thing about you , '' amery shot back .
he stared at her for so long she feared she 'd said the wrong thing .
whenever ronin said such blatantly sexual things , she blushed from the roots of her hair to her toenails .
` ` understand one thing .
not one thing ? ''
` ` same thing , '' she retorted .
evidently that was the wrong thing to say .
not the same thing .
help me out because i do n't remember a goddamn thing . ''
` ` tell me the last thing you remember . ''
` ` the very last thing ? ''
but as soon as you 're out of here , we 're having a talk about all the bullshit i ca n't see past , the things you kept from me that forced me to walk away from you in the first place . ''
` ` that 's not the same thing at all .
stunned , she could n't think of a single thing to say .
the most important thing for you to remember ?
i made the whole thing up about breaking the dojo rules . ''
` ` one beneficial thing my sister told me about my grandfather ?
he 'd been saying such deliciously naughty things , so sweet and hot , that she 'd closed her eyes to savor every word .
he could n't think of a damn thing to say as the elevator doors closed in his face .
he whispered sweet , filthy things in her ear as she pulsed and creamed around his finger .
i ' m not sure why , but even after seeing sebastian again , part of me had still been convinced i 'd made the whole thing up .
i only knew one thing for sure ; sebastian and his friends valued their privacy .
i do n't know if it was the lingering effect of the drugs , or my body 's way of trying to cope with the situation , but the next thing i remember is waking up to some sort of commotion in the hall outside .
even first thing in the morning , frightened and bruised , she was utterly gorgeous , and every time i saw her , it was like seeing her again for the first time .
my mind instantly went back to sebastian 's letter , to all those heartbreakingly sweet things he 'd said .
` ` no matter what i do , no matter how sure i am , you say just the right thing to make me question myself . ''
this morning i had berated her for the same thing .
` ` is that such a crazy thing to ask ? ''
i get the whole casual sex thing , but the way i feel about you ... i just do n't think i can do it . ''
` ` no such thing , '' he murmured , planting a soft kiss on my lips .
you might be right about the not negotiating with terrorists thing .
this is all my doing and you do n't understand the first thing about it .
not a damn thing anyone 's going to say about it either . ''
` ` that 's about the dumbest , goddamn thing i ' ve ever heard you say .
colby was livid and snapped off the first thing that came to his mind .
` ` on whether the only thing you 're offerin ' me is a job . ''
what a thing to say , '' gemma chided .
` ` i ai n't gon na admit any such thing .
he paused and she sensed his struggle to say the right thing .
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard you say , gemma jansen . ''
i was just thinkin ' the same thing . ''
` ` get your hand off her , jack , or i 'll break it so you never draw another goddamn thing . ''
but you were so busy hiding from me , that if you would ' ve bothered to look , you 'd see the same exact thing in mine . ''
` ` not the same thing , carter .
oh , he 'd teach that pup with the roving paws a thing or two about manners .
` ` no such thing as wrong .
it was on the tip of her tongue to say cord drank his coffee black , but she did n't want her mother getting curious about why aj knew such things about him .
aj snatched her clothes and hustled down the hallway , leaving him to wonder if he 'd said the wrong thing .
then i get to call my brothers and my baby sis and tell them the same damn thing . ''
damndest thing .
aj did n't say a thing .
rather than risk saying the wrong thing , kade said nothing .
that 's the first thing that 's gon na change . ''
but you have to promise me one thing , nadia . ''
` ` for christsake , colt , that 's the dumbest damn thing i ever heard .
had she said the wrong thing to kade 's mother ?
` ` you said the same thing about blowjobs and you proved yourself wrong there , so i ' m thinkin ' i 'd like to prove you wrong on the dance floor .
` ` you 'd say the same thing to colby or cord ? ''
rather than say the wrong thing , he said nothing as he gently untied her arms .
what was the other thing ? ''
the last thing you said to me when you f**kin ' left me was that you were n't ever comin ' back .
` ` the first thing that pops into my mind ? ''
with all the confusing thoughts runnin ' through my mind , one thing stuck out , one thing haunted me . ''
but the only thing i can promise is that for tonight , it 's not about me .
i do n't think any such thing .
` ` i would ' ve told him the same thing if given the chance . ''
` ` spending time with me , but it 's not the same thing . ''
he wanted the same thing she did - what kade and skylar had - true love , mutual respect , great sex , a real home , sweet kids , the whole shebang .
cord 's son kyler 's obsession with that book as a toddler meant they 'd all been forced to read it until they could recite the thing from memory .
` ` that ' you do n't have a family ' comment is the single shittiest thing i ' ve ever heard anyone say .
` ` funny , i was about to say the same thing . ''
and just so you know , i ' m gon na tell him the same thing .
that was the wrong thing to say .
and then colt could n't think of a damn thing to say .
as if she was trying to convey the same thing to him .
first thing she said after cam blew up was she raised us to treat each other better . ''
` ` know the first thing caro said to me after she gave birth to cam ?
` ` i wondered the same thing , k , '' ramona said .
she threw her head back and laughed like he 'd said the funniest thing in the history of the world .
` ` you said exactly the right thing , the true thing .
` ` you said exactly the right thing , the true thing .
every sappy thing .
` ` first thing , strictly off the record , i assure you i ' ve never had designs on cam mckay , which you might ' ve mistakenly believed .
` ` last thing , i promise .
what a horrible thing to say to your brother . ''
` ` oh , cowgirl , that was the wrong thing to say . ''
` ` oh my , that is about the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard , '' april gushed .
` ` first thing in the morning i relived our first shower .
the only thing running through jack 's mind as the outskirts of sundance shimmered in the distance was , thank god .
jack will think the same thing he always has - you are the woman he loves and wants to spend the rest of his life with . ''
that was a strange thing for kimi to say .
so he said the first thing that popped into his head .
` ` i hate to say it , but that 's the one thing i ca n't give you .
` ` you did n't say a dang thing about moving in with me , brandt . ''
i thought i could look at him and not feel a goddamned thing .
he was so freaked out about her f**king walking when it was fifteen degrees out , that he did n't say anything for fear of saying the wrong thing .
a proximity thing ?
his brothers were quiet and brandt wondered if they were thinking the same thing .
but you need to remember one thing . ''
` ` not the same thing .
it 'd been an assholish thing to say and he had no excuse for it , besides lashing out from sheer frustration .
the last thing he 'd told her had been the truth , so this one had to be ... ` ` lie .
i was scared out of my mind , seeing a strange guy in my room , and i blurted out the first thing that popped into my head . ''
` ` not the same thing . ''
and what sucked is chase did n't blame him for his fury because tell had n't said a thing that chase had n't considered .
then he spewed every shitty thing about me sneaking around the prca circuit , which ai n't anything i have n't already been wrestling with since i started this trip . ''
ava felt like she could throw up because chase had said that very thing .
one thing the incident had n't changed ?
one thing that 's an absolute no . ''
` ` only one thing ? ''
` ` these two are gon na tell me every f**kin ' thing they kept from me while we clean up the shit piles in dad 's house since he ai n't here for awhile . ''
i told him the same thing i told you .
` ` did i ever tell you the last thing my daddy said to me ?
had n't dalton and tell said the same thing ?
` ` so i 'll admit to being perplexed that both jenny and steve mentioned the same thing .
i ' m expecting the same thing from you . ''
the ironic thing about dalton seeing me at the club ?
she remembered exchanging harsh words about that very thing the last night they 'd seen each other .
it 'd just given him faith that he 'd be forgiven by god for whatever mean thing that spewed out of his mouth .
` ` what 's the other thing ? ''
the first thing tell heard ?
` ` i know one thing that will relax him completely .
that 'd been the wrong thing to say .
` ` you ' ve got my tongue so tied up in knots that i 'll just say the wrong damn thing . ''
` ` what one thing ? ''
that one thing . ''
` ` same thing happened with me after dag and my dad died . ''
he always said the wrong thing , which made the situation worse .
georgia realized that one thing dalton and tell had referred to was code for a family situation involving the prickly casper .
or just the sweet things he 'd text because he 'd been thinking about her .
but i remember bein ' pissed off when our cousins tried to tell me the same thing . ''
but that was the last thing hanging between us .
lots of folks around here said the same thing about you when you were sixteen . ''
sassy little thing .
except i do n't know the first thing about cheerleading . ''
` ` that was a shitty thing to say .
i was n't thinking and i just said the first stupid thing that popped into my head . ''
once by colby , who said pretty much the same thing cord had .
and rielle was the first thing that came to mind .
` ` or maybe i do n't tell you because you blab any damn thing that pops into your head , regardless if it 's my personal business , '' rielle shot back .
what a rude thing to say . ''
` ` for christsake , aurora , you think that 's a fair thing to say to me ? ''
` ` that thing we discussed last night where you tell my dad that he 's retarding my social development in sundance by not letting me drive ?
` ` watch your tone and think very carefully about the next thing that comes out of your mouth , '' he warned .
it had n't escaped her notice that a lot of people said the same thing about her being so prickly , which was probably why she and vi had always gotten along so well .
the best thing gavin had learned from his father was that he never wanted to be that type of father to his own child .
such a ... defensive and motherly thing to say .
` ` and that is the most mortifying thing i ' ve ever had to admit . ''
` ` though to hear most folks around here talk , mckay and trouble mean the same thing . ''
how many times had she imagined boone holding her , stroking her hair and murmuring sweet things to her ?
like usual , she 'd said the first shitty thing that popped into her head .
every sickening thing rory had thrown at her was true .
one thing she had n't lied about during the big blow up was that she missed her mom .
` ` when i talked to marin she said the same thing ; quit acting so childish and selfish . ''
she knew one thing about her thoughtful son - the taunt had n't been tossed at him just today .
` ` you used to say the first thing that popped into your head .
goddamn she was sexy as f**k first thing in the morning .
that was a sweet , melt - her - heart thing to say .
the thing that sucked ?
` ` my dad said the same thing after he visited . ''
rory stared at him like he 'd just said the most idiotic thing on the planet .
oh , you suck , dalton mckay , with your sweetness and fire and always knowing the perfect thing to say , and how the hell was i ever supposed to resist falling for you ?
` ` i ' m asking for one thing .
rory had hidden her horror at hearing the abuse dalton had endured for years - she wondered if he remembered the rapid - fire way he 'd blurted the whole thing out , almost like he was in shock .
so dalton did n't say anything , lest he say the wrong thing .
the only thing i could think of was he carried that goddamned sneer of his into death .
one thing i 'll never do is make excuses for him for what he did to me .
and ai n't that a fine thing for me to say about my brother on the day we planted him in the ground . ''
` ` nastiest thing i ' ve ever put in my mouth .
so as long as we 're already sinning , let 's just add another thing when i go to confession , okay ? ''
same thing happens with cattle .
` ` that is the dumbest thing i ever heard , '' cal said .
now you 're saying the same thing . ''
` ` some smart thing about not being surprised because i ' ve always been too good to get my hands dirty for very long .
` ` carolyn used to say the same thing .
` ` just the same thing that me'n carson have brought up several times .
` ` i probably shoulda told you first thing that adam and amelia are both one hundred percent healthy .
so when he said things off the cuff and from a place of truth ?
carolyn used to say the same thing about me . ''
` ` if i had a nickel for every time caro said the same thing to me ?
he stretched out , his mind flipping back and forth between what dumb thing cam might ' ve said to the mother of his children and that summer carolyn had left him in charge ... five days .
that was the first f**kin ' thing the ass**le said to me after he told me about dad bein ' gone .
arizona state university offered the same thing with the option clause of expanding their offer , whatever that means . ''
` ` and the other thing ?
she 'll find out , but it wo n't be the first thing i tell her .
and it should n't be the first thing none of you tell her neither . ''
she could n't stop herself from blurting out the most insulting thing she could manage at short notice .
kizzy was sickened by the pounding of her heart as unbidden images forced their way to the front of her mind : andreas in his dark , sartorial suit , smiling into the face of his beautiful , ivory - swathed bride ; then the image of him naked and determined , rolling over to caress his wife 's slender limbs beneath crisp , white sheets ; the sable , downy head of their baby in the crook of his protective arm ... kizzy shook her head to banish the madness that seemed to be consuming her and said the first thing that came into her head , just to change the subject .
kizzy was n't quite sure what had made her say such a thing , but her mind was instantly drawn back to his office staff , to dorinda and stephanos .
it had been an unforgivable thing to say and he was right , she 'd just wanted to hurt him .
it was a terrible thing to say - of course i want this baby , '' she whispered and summoned the courage to look him in the eye .
` ` you said you trusted me before today , but you were lying , telling me things i wanted to hear , sweet , poisonous little nothings . ''
he waited for a shrill , ferocious outburst but it never came and now he just wished for darkness and oblivion , a place where he could hide from the terrible things he was saying and did n't mean .
we were out of dayquil , and rose said nyquil is the same thing .
about the only things true within that sentence are quinn and job ; rose does n't really need to know the rest at this point .
the only thing i have stipulated is that he never tells cindy .
there is one thing i know for sure : if i do hear from lucian again and continue down this unknown road , things will never be normal because we are both fucked - up .
he has made toast , juice , and eggs ; it 's the same thing i fed him a few days before .
i ' m being tossed around and someone is yelling the same thing over and over .
a look passes between lucian and his aunt so fast i ' m not sure if i have imagined the whole thing .
shit , that 's the most absurd thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` if there is one thing i ' ve learned , sam , lucian is nothing like other men , so i ' m not surprised in the least by his generosity . ''
` ` does n't change a thing , baby . ''
the first thing i remember him saying after he had me subdued was , ' you thought you had me , did n't you ?
her emotions are all over the place right now , and it 's understandable that she would say things she might normally not .
i have no idea what his intentions are where she is concerned , but there is one thing i ' m certain of : he 'll rain hell down onto anyone who even thinks of hurting her again .
` ` now , maria , i need to know one last thing .
hearing lia detail her business knowledge to me the first time was the sexiest fucking thing i 'd ever heard from a woman 's lips .
i know one thing : if we 're both this emotional already , i need to make our actual goodbye very quick or i 'll break down and he wo n't consider leaving me again anytime soon .
` ` i think it was the whole ' girlfriend ' thing that had her so tongue - tied .
that 's the last thing i was expecting to hear .
` ` i was about to ask you the same thing , '' she said .
because you are a beautiful liar , who used to get off on having two brothers chase after you before you fell and conveniently forgot every duplicitous thing you had ever said or done to me .
chapter seven the only good thing eva could say about her trip to new york was it really did n't take that long .
falling back on his business instincts , he said the thing he knew would show her she held no sway over him and that he was in the power position in their little arrangement .
he was sick of arguing with her , and the one thing she 'd said about working hard to be a better person had him intrigued .
` ` she should not say this thing .
her stomach lurched with the realization that this could only mean one thing .
chloe had to swallow in a deep breath of bravery to say this next thing : ` ` and just because you 're the alpha does n't mean i have to explain myself to you or that you can treat me however you want .
in this relationship there is no such thing as rude . ''
dale started to turn to leave , but she had one more thing she had to say , since who knew if they 'd ever have a chance to talk alone like this again .
a gasp like that only meant one thing : she 'd looked .
beau tightened his hand into a fist , but then he said the last thing josie probably expected to hear from him .
that 's the sweetest thing i ever heard , '' said a voice , soft and sweet with a hint of what he recognized as an alabaman born - and - raised black accent .
english was his second language , true , but every single thing that came out of this woman 's mouth so far had only served to confuse him , making him wonder if it was n't her first language either .
` ` i only agree with one thing you said . ''
sadly , the one thing sam could guarantee was that the shelter would n't be empty come spring .
sam had given nikolai 's ludicrous toilet every single thing she 'd put into her stomach over the last twelve hours .
once again , not exactly the most romantic thing she had ever heard , but considering the situation , maybe it was time for her to give up on her old notions of romantic love .
it had been the last thing he 'd said to her before she moved out .
her hands were clenched tight around her silverware , her body slightly leaned forward as if she was primed to physically jump between him and pavel if nikolai said the wrong thing .
she said that last quiet thing and then she left his study feeling like the biggest fool imaginable for getting herself entangled with a man who had an ice rink where his heart should be .
the little boy made it sound like his uncle having never been to the indianapolis children 's museum , the largest of its kind in the world , was the saddest thing he 'd ever heard .
and i ' m sorry , but how am i not supposed to think the worst thing after you say you ca n't get yours because i ' m pregnant . ''
it is not pretty thing to say , but it is true .
not only because his words were harsh , maybe the least romantic thing that had ever been said to her , but also because ... her body totally responded to them , stirring anew , her breasts swelling against her thighs , her legs pressing against the crook of her arms because they wanted to open .
and that was the last thing she said to him before they left greece .
her senses dulled , grace looked up and ... well ... quite honestly , there was only one thing she saw , and it made her face hotter than cajun gumbo .
one thing he 'd learned early in his childhood , it did n't do any good to learn about people .
she could n't believe he would say such a thing .
that was the kindest thing anyone had ever said to him .
how dare she show up now and say such a thing .
in our day , there was no such thing as monogamy .
it was the most painful thing he 'd ever felt .
` ` how could you say such a thing ? ''
there was a part of her that wanted to hold on to him like this forever and another part of her that told her she was an idiot for thinking any such thing about a guy she had just met .
only he would say such a thing .
one thing grandma morgan had tutored her well on was that when you 're reborn , you always forget your former life .
now that was the last thing she 'd expected to hear .
only one thing came to his mind .
astrid had never known artemis to say such a thing .
no doubt the dark - hunters thought the same thing .
beowulf ... incubus ... same thing . ''
it 's the one thing he 'd take from both of you . ''
` ` that 's a horrible thing to say . ''
` ` oh , yeah , like the two of you were n't thinking the same thing , '' chris said .
` ` that is probably the only thing that i am certain about .
what an odd thing for him to say .
that was the last thing he wanted her to tell him .
the last thing he could tell her was that he did in fact fear just that .
she would pick that one thing to fear .
` ` in my world the only thing that i ' m ever sure about is that someone is most likely lurking in the next shadow to try and kill me . ''
i ca n't believe you 'd ask me such a thing .
simi screwed her face up as if that was the most disgusting thing she 'd ever heard .
god knows , nick has a true gift for saying the wrong thing in any given situation . ''
no one had ever said such a thing to him before .
` ` ash said some things to me a couple of weeks ago that got me thinking .
the one thing she would change if she could .
` ` now that has to be the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard , and believe me , i ' ve heard a lot of bullshit in my existence .
` ` then what did you's- '' ` ` ask me nothing about his past , '' he said , interrupting her before she could ask him that very thing .
` ` the one thing i can assure you ... through your own actions , you will be saved . ''
the way she said that you could tell it was the most disgusting thing the demon could imagine .
it meant only one thing .
what an odd thing to say , but then , she was quickly learning that everyone here was a bit strange .
the one thing he wanted from her was the one thing he could never ask - to have her nak*d in his bed .
he wrinkled his nose as if that was the most disgusting thing he 'd ever heard .
but first , there 's one other thing i want to give him . ''
the very thing that had caused his father to change his feelings toward him had been the thing that had scared him most .
` ` the one thing you should have learned , theo , is that i do n't accept failure in any shape , form , or fashion .
he snarled the word as if being human was the worst thing he could think of .
his breathing labored from the pain , he caught the man 's look of panic as menkaura realized the same thing he had .
` ` there 's only one thing i have ever respected .
` ` why would i ever think such a thing ?
no one had ever said a kinder thing to her .
` ` sometimes we do n't want what 's best for us '' -another thing her grandfather was always saying- '' but we need it anyway . ''
she realized that was the wrong thing to ask as his eyes flared murderous rage at her .
personally , he 'd kill anyone who would keep such a thing from him .
kat pressed her hand to the throb in her temple as she wondered the same thing herself .
it was an impossible thing for him to accept , but still he wanted to believe it desperately .
the only thing you have in your life is anger , bitterness , and a mistrust that you 'll never overcome .
` ` that is the most pathetic thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
the most pathetic thing i ' ve ever heard was this half demon , half god who- '' ` ` jesse ! ''
she thinks i ' m wonderful ... no one had ever thought such a thing about him before .
until he 'd destroyed it by asking for the one thing she 'd never give him .
i 'd heard nothing but terrible things about that place and everyone who lived there .
the other thing i 'd learned from him was that estes used food to control him .
i would never think such a thing as that . ''
then he said the most unbelievable thing of all .
it was the last thing he 'd wanted to hear .
there had been many times when he 'd wondered the same thing himself .
he looked up to where there was only a shadowed image of her and spoke the one thing he wanted most in life .
is n't that another thing you 're always saying , father ? ''
and the one thing acheron had learned was that both he and savitar had failed to tell him everything .
` ` since when do you listen to a single thing i say ?
ash ground his teeth as he remembered artemis telling him the same thing .
the only thing his uncle had ever freely given him had been blows and insults .
the things she 'd learned and those she still only suspected about ash .
yet the one thing ash understood to the depth of his soul was that a physical pain healed a lot cleaner and sooner than a mental one .
that was probably the closest thing to a declaration of love the man could muster and it honestly touched him .
the one thing i learned from astrid is that life is n't about finding shelter in a storm .
` ` i could definitely say the same thing about you .
that was the kindest thing styxx had ever said to him .
artemis looked incredulous that she 'd say such a thing .
but i do want you to remember one thing . ''
` ` the one thing i ' ve learned most out of all this is that it 's not over until all the cards are played .
` ` the same thing you are .
the bastard has never regretted a single thing in his entire life . ''
was that the wrong thing to ask her ?
it goes against that whole no - feelings thing . ''
` ` and the one thing i know is that everything in the universe has a weakness .
he scowled at her , and the tone of her voice that said it was the worst thing she could imagine .
he wo n't attack today , but you guys have publicly embarrassed him and if there 's one thing i know about my brother ... he does n't deal well with that . ''
` ` wondering the same thing about you , buster .
the one thing all that battle taught me is that no one walks away without scars .
he was still alive , but that was the only thing he knew for certain .
that was the last thing he expected to hear .
` ` answer me one thing ... ... what were you going to do after you took him out of here ? ''
aimee gaped at the last thing she 'd expected him to say .
the one thing he 'd learned the hard way was that without fear , there was no control .
it was a katagaria expression that meant the same thing as the cat who ate a canary .
it went with the whole being identical thing and both cherif and quinn took turns at the door when dev had time off .
that 's the only thing i 'll take .
last thing i want to do is relearn it at my archaic age . ''
the only thing they said was that they were taking me to stryker . ''
sam gaped at the last thing she expected to hear .
` ` i would ask the same thing about you . ''
she wanted to take his pain away from him and to tell him the one thing no one in his family had ever said .
what an ironic thing to say to the one whose prime responsibility was death .
and as she heard those heavy footsteps leave her home , she 'd sworn one thing .
` ` andy told me the same thing earlier . ''
the first thing she 'd learned as a kid when they found a scorpion in her bed was that scorpions did n't react to insecticide , and even if they did , sundown would have had to have gallons of it to stop them .
choo co la tah refused to answer - which could mean only one thing .
but the one thing she saw clearest ...
suffice it to say , it learned me a thing or two that i ' ve never forgotten . ''
this was by far the scariest thing she 'd seen .
the last thing she 'd wanted to do was make him hurt .
the closest thing she 'd had , had been jonah .
and then i met an infuriating , impossible man who added the one thing i did n't know was n't there . ''
but the one thing he knew for certain .
another thing solin forever harped on .
the only thing he had faith in was other people 's willingness to lie and screw him over .
no one had ever said a kinder thing to him .
chapter 15 a golden mist shimmered in the air like beams of sunlight first thing in the morning , then slowly turned into a beautiful , tiny woman .
believe me , the one thing i ' ve learned about the gods is how fickle all of you are .
what an odd thing to call her .
but he had to come back to one thing in her tirade .
the one thing he 'd learned with her was that if he said the wrong thing , she closed him out .
if he said the wrong thing and it really annoyed her , she would n't let him touch her at all .
the one thing she was sure about was that she 'd hurt him .
that i ' m ... '' he caught himself before he said the one thing he thought of himself .
seth froze as he heard the last thing he 'd ever expected someone else to say to him .
that was the life , the only thing , he was willing to fight for .
` ` think about it , sand # 353 ; n. it 's the only thing that makes sense .
the one thing he 'd always been denied .
but his initial torture on his return here had at least clarified one thing in his memory .
but when he looked into her eyes , he saw the one thing he could n't deny .
there is no such thing as a coincidence .
hands on hips , cabeza glared at talon for asking such a thing .
having received more than his fair share of wounds , he knew how much such a thing stung .
if she learned one more thing , her brain was going to shut down in revolt and leave her a drooling vegetable on the floor .
which made her wonder one thing ... . ` ` why did you torture your brother ? ''
` ` i do n't want to say the wrong thing again and make you cry more . ''
that , combined with blue eyes , could only mean one thing ... . dear gods , i ' m mortal .
if i know nothing else , it 's that one thing .
that was the last thing she 'd expected to hear .
ace had real depth ... that really was the last thing she 'd expected from him , and it made him all the more alluring to her .
` ` that is without a doubt the most unromantic thing i have ever heard , and if i was n't tied down , i 'd leave . ''
one thing could be said for jonna - nobody got any free feels out of her .
` ` that 's the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
tears filled her eyes at the last thing she 'd expected to hear .
she just could n't imagine such a thing .
the one thing he 'd learned in his life was that no one could build a better future over the corpses of others .
he scowled at it as he realized the same thing she had .
sumi froze at the last thing she 'd expected to come out of his mouth .
chapter 29 sumi gasped at the last thing she 'd ever expected to hear .
` ` like the rest of you were n't thinking the same thing .
` ` that is the scariest effing thing i ' ve ever heard or seen . ''
by the look on his face , he knew nyk was thinking the same thing he was .
` ` it was also the first thing she said to me when i met her .
how pathetic that those words were the kindest thing anyone had ever said to him .
that was the kindest thing anyone had ever said or done for him in his life .
` ` what was the first thing that entered your mind , and i know it was n't what you just said . ''
even first thing in the morning , she 'd always been dressed to perfection .
it was the kindest thing anyone had ever said about her .
he trailed kisses down her neck , over her mouth , each time murmuring sweet things to her .
what a weird thing to say .
and he knew the one thing syn was n't saying .
that was definitely important , but it was n't the only thing to know .
` ` i ' m pretty sure it was when devyn 's father said the same thing to him . ''
devyn narrowed his gaze at the last thing he expected to hear .
that was the one thing he shared with merjack .
yeah , there was no such thing as love .
the one thing mara had taught him with crystal clarity - he could n't do enough right in his adult life to shut out all the wrong he 'd done as a kid .
that apparently was the wrong thing to say .
the only thing you can trust is that people will screw you over if given the chance .
she did n't know the first thing about hiding , or places to go for shelter .
and the one thing she 'd learned early in her career .
syn froze at the only thing no one had ever accused him of before .
no one had ever said such a thing to her .
and if it was just a moment fate had set aside for her , then the last thing she wanted was for it to end .
i have to say something ... and before he could stop himself , he spoke the first thing that came to his mind .
what a stupid thing to say .
it was the one thing he always said whenever he was cornered on the street .
i was just thinking the same thing about you . ''
what an odd thing to say .
maybe it was why elfa 's biting comments cut her more this afternoon than they had last year when her understudy had said the same thing .
kiara nodded , her heart hanging heavy with just one more thing she needed to ask .
why would he think such a thing ?
` ` that was a harsh thing to say to you .
the worst thing her parents had ever done was yell at her .
stunned , she stood there unable to move as she saw the one thing she 'd never thought to see from him .
` ` and i do n't expect a damned thing from you .
that was the last thing she 'd expected him to say .
` ` i was adopted , '' he said at last , deciding that would be the easiest thing to disclose .
` ` i bet if someone had told you six months ago that you would smile for me , you 'd have said the same thing . ''
` ` you 're going to regret every nasty thing you ' ve ever said about my ship .
for one thing the arm he had draped around her shoulders did n't say ` ` burden , '' it said ` ` protective . ''
` ` it 's a good thought , love , but there 's no such thing . ''
other hunters had told him the same thing , but right now with his great - granddaughter standing before him , he did n't believe it .
it was the most ludicrous thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` there 's one more thing you need to know . ''
dare 's nostrils flared , but he knew the same thing she did .
he was just about to do that very thing when she wrapped her arms around him and gave him the one thing he had n't had from anyone other than his nephew .
savitar looked out toward the clear horizon , but inside , he knew the same thing that zarek did .
` ` and there 's one more thing you should know . ''
` ` you 're the only thing in my life i ' ve ever been sure about , '' he whispered before he took the ring back .
because one thing his brother , pete , had taught him years ago - there was no such thing as a second chance .
the one thing this had taught her was that no one could be trusted .
yeah , and the first thing kardos was going to explain when she found him was how he 'd gotten past deek 's tight security that did n't allow teens into the club .
she did n't have to tell him a damn thing .
evalle doubted she could say a thing to laredo jones , the mountain - size leader of these men , that would change their minds about delivering her to isak .
you yank me in here like a captive and want me to answer questions , but you are n't sharing a thing .
the million - dollar question , but he asked the same thing every time she left .
what was the point in searching for a diplomatic way to put this when she 'd already told him the same thing once ?
i 'll say something and you say the first thing that comes to mind .
she eased back and lifted her gaze to his , making one thing clear .
if tzader and quinn did n't figure out how to stop kizira and the gryphons from the cryptic note evalle left with storm , then evalle hoped they 'd at least realize the one thing she tried to make very clear - that evalle was a threat to brina , and thus the beladors .
he knew one thing that would calm them both .
the last thing he ever heard was me tsking over my impoliteness .
had n't ivana yelled the same thing to his father ?
had n't he told elizabeth the same thing ?
` ` that is the absolute worst thing you could have said .
time does n't mean the same thing to the very old .
you think i can not sense such a thing ? ''
she was his mom 's best friend and the closest thing he 's had to a grandmother for the past twelve years .
now one thing is for sure : the only thing keeping her from being completely alone in this world is the nervous boy sitting next to her .
to change the subject , he asks the first thing that comes to mind- '' dot , you ever see a walker ?
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i told her : nothing good can come of this . ''
` ` i may have only a pocketful of memories about anything useful , but i do know one thing . ''
before she can tell him that this is the same thing he said last night , a window blasts open , bringing a sharp funnel of freezing air inside and interrupting colin 's excitement .
` ` not the strangest thing you ' ve asked me , but okay , i 'll bite .
lola catches my eye and i know we 're thinking the exact same thing .
is his accent not the hottest thing you ' ve ever heard ? ''
it 's the only thing that could explain the pain .
` ` i need coffee before i can understand a single thing you 're telling me , '' i say .
after an eternity , ansel comes back with our luggage and the first thing he asks is whether i ' ve thrown up again .
in a quiet rush , i know we 're both sure of one thing : i ' m leaving .
before i go , may i ask one thing ?
every time magnus tried to have a little fun , there they were , the short one and the green one , shaking their heads in tandem and then saying snotty things .
teach one thing to all your children .
he bet alec was wondering the same thing .
that was a dumb thing to say . ''
when the clave questioned us i found out he 'd said the same thing to everyone . ''
before anyone could think of a single thing to say , a sharp noise cut through the room , making clary start .
` ` it 's a nice thing to say , but of course it was my fault .
it was the first thing he 'd said since they 'd come into the house .
` ` there 's one thing i do n't get , '' he said .
` ` but if you 'd stay for isabelle and alec and max , i 'd be so grateful- '' it was the wrong thing to say .
however kind her denials might have been , i do know one thing : she knows how i feel and she does n't feel the same way . ''
` ` so there is n't a single thing you remember ?
she could n't think of a thing to say ; he 'd never spoken to her like this .
but i can tell you one thing .
jace always knew the right thing to say .
if i 'd only known what had really happened with his father - but then i probably would have thought the same thing , would n't i ?
it 's because he thinks he 's a demon , thinks he is n't really human , that 's why - but i ca n't tell you that , ca n't tell you the one thing that would make you understand .
tears rose up in clary 's eyes - she could n't bear seeing her mother like this , seeing her so hurt , and yet she was the one doing the hurting - and she knew that if she opened her mouth again , more terrible words would come out , more hateful , angry things .
clary had thought the same thing about jace before , and then felt stupid for thinking it .
there was only one thing she could ask for , in the end , only one real choice .
` ` there is no such thing as sexy vampire mojo . ''
you always find the right quote , or the right thing to say to make me believe you love me .
their gazes locked , and she knew he was remembering the same thing she was .
she could tell jace was thinking the same thing ; he had paled .
` ` i might ask you the same thing . ''
do , continue with whatever mesmerizing thing you were saying . ''
` ` that 's probably the first true thing you ' ve said since i got here , '' said maia .
one thing she was sure of : whatever the church of talto was , it was secret , and probably bad .
` ` and i ' ve thought the same thing .
we know that he who possesses them all , who is their lord , may request of the angel one thing .
i will tell you one thing , though .
that was the last thing she had said to him .
` ` you could fight her ... '' it had been the wrong thing to say .
through everything that happened tonight , i knew one thing .
it had been the wrong thing to say .
that had been the last thing she had said to the boy she loved more than anything else in the world .
now she thought it might be the last thing she would ever get to say to him .
she was recalling the awful thing she had just thought , that her mother should have killed sebastian when he was born .
` ` i did n't mean about the whole jace thing , '' she said .
she could n't remember the last thing she 'd said to luke .
were n't you supposed to remember the last thing you said to someone before they died ?
` ` but there 's one thing we know now , and you 're not going to like it .
` ` i ' m willing to wait for you to trust me , '' she said , knowing it was the right , smart thing to say .
` ` the thing that you are too young to understand is that we all hide things .
` ` funny , i was thinking about the same thing . ''
an injury is one thing .
` ` same thing , '' he said , and , sitting up so fast she barely saw him move , he belted her across the face with enough force to send her skidding across the glass - strewn floor .
the sort of thing he deserved , for seriously contemplating the offer camille had made him , even for a second .
sometimes alec thought it was the steadiest thing in his life .
it was the last thing she would have expected him to say .
` ` i don't - that 's not a fair thing to ask . ''
alec swallowed against the dryness in his throat and said the first thing that came into his head .
` ` brother zachariah said pretty much the same thing , '' jace said .
i ' ve heard you say that sort of thing enough times to know you never really mean it . ''
` ` are you supposed to say that sort of thing about your vampire queen ? ''
` ` i was just thinking the same thing , '' she said , turning him around .
and i can tell you one thing .
` ` answer me one thing , '' luke said , the stone wall cold against his back .
though simon did hear the last thing jace said , just before they faded out of earshot .
she was alive because of him , and her brother had done the closest thing he would probably ever do to giving them his blessing .
` ` isabelle would say the same thing . ''
` ` i believe the same thing , '' ty muttered , looking down and out the window .
it was probably the six hundredth time helen had said the same thing , emma thought .
it was an unusually bitter thing for jules to say , and emma swallowed hard .
` ` you know the last thing mark said to me before he was taken ? ''
if so , she would have a thing or two to say to jace about his timing , after she drowned him in the lake .
it was such a simon thing to say .
` ` let 's get one thing clear .
` ` there 's only one thing i want . ''
kat 's horrified gasp said she was thinking the same thing i was .
stranger yet , it was the exact same thing luc had said .
` ` we believed the same thing until ro came along .
and when that happened , i repeated her name , over and over again , until it was the last thing i thought before i slipped into oblivion .
it 's one thing that nancy did n't tell you .
i told myself the cheesiest thing possible : there was a light at the end of this dark tunnel .
her nose wrinkled , and i was a bit insulted , although she was probably thinking the same thing i was .
` ` it 's just ... that was such a beautiful thing to say . ''
the uncertainty of tomorrow loomed like a storm cloud , but there was one thing i was fairly confident of , something more ominous than the unknown waiting for all of us .
he 's pretending to be the mayor ... '' as daemon trailed off , he released my wrists and rocked up , his expression far off , and i had a feeling he was thinking the same thing i was .
a low , inhuman - sounding thing rose from my throat .
i gasped out the only thing i could think .
the whole thing about ethan kept tossing around in my head as we lay in bed together , trying to get some sort of rest before archer returned and most likely dumped even more messed - up news in our laps .
` ` she said the same thing i want to say to you . ''
` ` let 's just get one thing straight before we go any further .
it hit me then that they probably thought the same thing when they saw a luxen and human together .
the only thing i could think was that maybe one of us could get away if the other caused the distraction .
` ` that 's the stupidest thing you ' ve ever said . ''
kind of the same thing , but we do n't have time for that right now . ''
i was still stuck on the whole ` ` putting out '' thing .
my stomach was flopping all over the place , like it had last night , right before i said all those stupid , stupid things .
` ` i ' m sure they 'd say the same thing about you . ''
` ` yeah , i ' m wondering the same thing . ''
` ` want to hear the best thing ? ''
and then the whole thing came- '' he moved so fast there was no chance to prepare myself .
but i knew it bothered him that he did n't know the right thing to say .
any other time , i would ' ve pitched a fit , but the whole ` ` bleeding and being in pain '' thing kept me quiet .
` ` the ' beautiful ' thing . ''
there was a huge part of me that wanted to tell him that i had n't heard much , wanted to make him happy , because he was the closest thing i had to a father .
` ` that was a jackass thing to say .
` ` i doubt there is a single intelligent thing either of you two have to say . ''
i 'd forgotten about the whole ` ` licking zayne 's finger '' thing in light of watching someone die .
` ` truest thing ever spoken , '' i said , smiling tightly .
when father brought you home all those years ago , he told me it was my job to watch over you , that i 'd be the closest thing to family - to a brother - that you would ever have .
the whole emotion thing .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' he said , and after everything he 'd confessed , i thought the apology was possibly the strangest thing ever from him , but that goodness was so inherently zayne .
those reactions could only mean one thing .
the worst thing ever entered my brain at that chosen moment .
never seeing him again could only mean one thing .
i could see that he was thinking the same thing i was .
` ` was ... was zayne out there when abbot said these thing to you ? ''
i m staring at her because she has nt spoken yet , but her nod is the nicest thing a girl has ever said to me .
i keep it all pushed away and make room for her response , because its the only thing i want .
i m tired of the quiet and tired of the curiosity , so the first thing i say to him since he ruined me is , where are we going ?
and once again , what should have been an eye - opening conversation for me is shoved aside to make room for the only thing he s willing to give me .
but its as if every single thing he s ever said and done that s hurt me impales me all at once .
all the things she 'd told him last night had felt like bitter ash on her tongue this morning .
in all my relationships , things never ... well , we never got to any point that would warrant this kind of ... '' she trailed off , and then it came again , the same thing she 'd thought before she 'd been shot .
my silence lasted all of five seconds before i blurted out the first thing that came to my mind .
` ` i could say the same thing about you with your questionable tastes . ''
jase drew back against the car seat , throat working as if he searched for the right thing to say but had trouble .
the only thing he 'd said to me was good - bye .
his agreement was the wrong thing to say .
` ` that was a dickish thing to say .
by that point , i 'd spoken to avery and told her the same thing i 'd told debbie .
it was worse than having surgery because it meant one thing .
for three years i had wanted this moment , to hear that he 'd struggled with the same thing i did , that he wanted me just as badly and that he wanted to be with me , and now that he was saying this i was torn .
` ` i wo n't say a thing to cam . ''
` ` i ' m pretty sure i ' ve said the same thing about him . ''
not that there was anything wrong with him thanking me , i guessed , but it seemed like a weird thing to say , especially when hours before he 'd said he loved me .
what 's the second thing ? ''
` ` damn good thing to hear . ''
once i was buckled in , i shot him a look and said the first thing that popped into my head .
totally another thing coming from his mouth .
i said the first thing that popped in my head .
was the first thing out of jax 's mouth when i opened the front door .
it was a stupid thing to say , but now i was tired and my brain was n't functioning properly .
i had no idea what to say , and the only thing i could come up with was ` ` thank you . ''
that was a very modest thing to say .
his words shocked me , and then i thought about the fact that i had most definitely gotten off , but he had n't , and i looked toward him , about to point that out in what would probably be the most awkward thing ever , but all i could do was stare at him .
watching her spin on her heel and flounce out of the restaurant , i had nothing of any value to say , so i went with the next - best thing .
` ` another thing we already know . ''
the next thing just sort of burst out there .
oh boy , that was the wrong thing to say .
some of the tears spilled over , and i knew i was really going to start sobbing , because that was the most perfect thing i 'd ever heard , and all i could say was a lame ` ` thank you . ''
thinking that was an odd thing to say , all i did was nod .
well , aimee and i were on the same page for once , because i was thinking the exact same thing .
some of my anger started to slip away , and i grabbed at it , trying to hold it close , because anger got me through a lot , but what he said was the right thing to say .
so many things i wanted and needed to say rose in my throat , but nothing came out .
she beamed up at him like he had said the most wonderful thing in the world .
kiro 's liable to knock my valet guys out if they say the wrong thing to him . ''
and having kiro tell me this exact same thing only confirmed it .
` ` actually , that 's the other thing i was going to tell you .
all those things our mother had tried to tell her over the years that she had refused to believe suddenly fell into place .
one more thing she did n't deserve .
that had to be the sweetest thing i 'd ever heard .
then he 'd told me blaire would be working and warned me that if nan said one thing to blaire , he would have her escorted out .
` ` i wo n't say a thing to her .
if she says one thing , i will help you escort her out .
i had to say the right thing .
you said the wrong thing to the wrong person this time , and you learned a lesson .
she had seemed so worried about what i thought , so i swallowed every last bite like it was the best thing i had ever put in my mouth .
that was n't the right thing to send to her .
linc must have been thinking the same thing .
i nodded , afraid that if i said the wrong thing , he would remove his arm from around my shoulders and then i would n't get to smell him .
so , if i do something dumb or say the wrong thing , just tell me .
not a good thing to say when krit would be coming in behind us at any moment .
krit was holding me against him as me muttered sweet things over and over while he rocked me back and forth .
i 'd said the wrong thing again .
when i was alone with him and he was telling me all those sweet things about being addicted to me , i had hope .
that was the only thing i needed to know right now .
blythe was the only thing running through my head .
he 'd left without making a scene and upsetting micah ... but he had n't asked me one thing about him .
he apparently was n't thinking the same thing .
micah started telling me about his day at school , and i tried like hell to listen to him and not focus on his mother sitting down across from me , eating her burger like it was the best thing she 'd ever put in her mouth .
` ` probably said the wrong thing , rose .
the one thing i could be sure of was that this baby was safe .
that was the last thing my mother said to me .
the one thing i never wanted her to know , her f**king useless excuse for a mother just tells her without warning or preparation .
` ` sure thing , mom , '' krit said with obvious annoyance .
telling my dad that i was n't signing with any of the four sec football teams that were trying to get me was the last thing i had to face .
when he finally looked pissed , i wondered if i had said the wrong thing .
opening it up , i googled ` ` jax stone , '' and it was the first thing that came up .
the two things she said that stood out most were that green had been ignoring her all night and that she thought he was pretty .
` ` well , i can tell you one thing for sure : it was one hell of a wake - up call for a lot of people around here .
my eyes darted to sofie ; i was wondering the same thing .
it 's the same thing !
i trailed quietly , alternating my attention between the perfect , agile body ahead and the daisies in my hand before saying , ` ` so fiona and amelie obviously told you a few things about me . ''
` ` sofie said the same thing . ''
they must have been thinking the same thing .
` ` one minute i ' m in manhattan and the next minute i ' m in the mountains in the middle of nowhere , my parents are dead , and no one will tell me a damn thing !
` ` look , let 's get one thing straight : i do n't trust you , and you sure as hell would be smart not to trust me . ''
mortimer quietly observed the scene , clearly as unaware of mage 's abilities as i was , and likely wondering the same thing i had - had mage influenced his thoughts ?
i do n't know the first thing about wars and battle .
wiping a dribble off my chin , i finally threw out the first thing that popped into my head .
for a vampire , this meant only one thing .
that meant only one thing .
though it was apparently now part of my dna , i did n't know the first thing about killing .
` ` what 's this big thing you could n't tell me earlier ? ''
as mage jumped in to stop caden , only to have sofie attacked by amelie and fiona , all asking the same thing .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about ... this ... any of this .
` ` oh , he knows what really happened , but he wo n't say a thing . ''
i add in a softer voice , more a confirmation to myself , ` ` that 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
` ` same thing they always say : sell it and leave your father . ''
probably the same thing i ' m thinking : what 's the standard protocol for saying goodbye here ?
but the longer i wait , the more i ' m starting to think that was a boneheaded thing to say .
it would be the polite thing to say .
the fact that i want to read only one thing into it is telling .
ben 's deep inhale next to me tells me he 's thinking the same thing i am .
they say a word and i say the first thing that pops into my head .
the last thing i stuffed into my mouth was a hot pocket at breakfast .
there are plenty of other words that i could use - ones that do n't make me sound weak and whiny and quite so vulnerable - but i ca n't deny that it 's the first thing that popped into my mind .
no one knows you 're here except boone , and he 's not going to say a thing . ''
the first thing he said was that it could n't be viktor 's because the guy could n't have kids . ''
` ` stop crying for one thing .
and she was saying the one thing i could n't bear hearing .
i was going to talk to you about it , so do n't even try to say it 's the same thing .
` ` i thought the exact same thing when i first saw that video of you and eva arguing in the park .
eva had said the same thing .
watch , he 'll meet storm and say the exact same thing .
my mind 's still stuck on trent , on the feel of his hand ; on me , standing there like an idiot , not saying a thing .
you do n't know the first thing about what i ' ve gone through and you ... what , think you can swoop in , give me an orgasm , and follow it up with a survivor 's group full of f**king cyborgs who talk about their supposed loved ones like everything 's alright ? ''
probably the same thing she always says : go live and let yourself make mistakes .
sure thing , whore .
a bubble that makes me blurt out a stupid thing like , ` ` i heard her talking about you in the bathroom . ''
he said the same thing a month ago , at my farewell party .
the ironic thing is that i blurt out things i should n't half the time i ' m with ashton but it 's never intentional .
he says the same thing every night .
with a small peck on my lips , he murmurs , ` ` and that other thing ? ''
we offered no such thing .
i know he 's about to say the same thing that he always says .
i just do n't know the first thing about getting one .
` ` all you straight chicks think the same thing . ''
i ' m certain , by the way he 's dogging her around , that he 's hoping for the same thing .
` ` sure thing !
` ` sure thing , charlie . ''
by the narrowing of bob 's eyes and the sudden flushing of his cheeks , that was the wrong thing to say .
the only thing i ' ve been certain of since is that i have to watch my back .
none of the things i saw in penny 's eyes when i admitted this same thing .
` ` i have n't heard a thing , dan .
when i got home , the first thing my mom asked was , ' was she any good ? ' ''
fuck , i would n't blame him for not telling me a damn thing .
we do n't know- '' ` ` if it were storm instead of charlie , would you say the same thing ? ''
i ' m wondering the same thing .
she did n't tell me a damn thing . ''
` ` then there 's one more thing i must tell you right now .
on the island , you could pick which of the white - haired ones you wanted , because they themselves would not choose , and you sat there listening to the chosen one sing , or talk , or say the verses , telling the deepest things that he could remember there had been a white - haired woman who sang in a high , sweet voice , her eyes always fixed on the sea .
should never have said such a thing , he thought .
` ` i mean- '' ` ` same thing to whom ? ''
` ` i can tell you the last thing she said .
` ` ` ` you 're sure that was the last thing she said ? ''
` ` ash , try not to say strange things , '' grumbled the dwarf .
that was the kind of thing celia or lily would say to her .
` ` the witch and the doctor know the same thing . ''
so very right , thought marklin , though he could not have said such a thing aloud to stuart , for fear of what stuart would say in return .
someone else had told the old man to be silent , not to mention such a thing again .
` ` do n't hurt her , '' he cried suddenly , viciously , as though it was the only thing he could think of to say .
` ` i want to tell you things , '' ash said .
the one thing that the christians and the romans never believed was that murder is murder , whether it is a human murder or a murder of one of us .
` ` stop saying that , mary jane , but i 'll give you some thing to think about , just in case it happens , '' said mona .
then he said an amazing thing .
i could never have expected such a thing . ''
ten minutes later she 'd return and say the same thing again .
the loveliest thing i ' ve heard since i came to this horrible city . ''
this was not the sort of thing ladies said in polite company , or any company .
without thinking about it she burst out indignantly , ` ` what a thing to say ! ''
it 's not the same thing . ''
i used to wonder the same thing myself .
` ` they probably think the same thing about us , '' tessa said .
he could tell they were both thinking the same thing .
tessa knew the voice immediately - it was so near to the first thing he had ever said to her , the night she had walked into his room : will ?
dark 's familiars or some such thing ?
the unusual combination had earned her the nickname , and that was the only thing i knew to call her .
` ` it 's only for a little while , '' he said , and from his voice i could tell he 'd told her the same thing many times before .
i thought maybe her romance with sam was going over the top , but when she 'd tell me one thing about them , you did n't seem to know anything about it .
claude 's kindness to jb was a good thing to hear , especially at this point in time .
but sam called in to say the same thing , '' kennedy said with a smile in her voice .
i started to deny every negative thing she 'd said about herself .
i was sure i had done the right thing , though i regretted bitterly some of the things i 'd said .
kevin pryor had never said a rude thing to me in his life .
i knew one thing for sure : if my friendship with amelia continued , i 'd never , never tell her anything more important than a recipe or a prediction about the weather .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' amelia said , and it was the best thing she could have told him .
` ` how dare you say such a thing ? ''
for a third thing , i had n't heard a word from mr . cataliades or diantha , so i was still in the dark about where barry was and what he was doing , and i did n't want to sit at home thinking about what his absence might mean .
okay , that maybe was n't the smartest thing i 'd ever said , but honestly !
this would be another thing i 'd have to live with .
` ` i- '' i ca n't think of a single thing to say , so i just close my mouth and carry the chair back to my desk where it belongs , right behind the perfect stack of schoolbooks .
the same thing happened when people tried to call me ronnie .
same thing in the bible - saul becomes paul ; simon becomes peter .
as soon as he said it , he knew it had been the wrong thing to say .
he used to say , he was certain of one thing , that nothing worse would happen to him all day .
` ` it did not sound like the kind of thing that he would say at all , and he blinked with surprise .
` ` secondly , there is a path through the forest , off past that fir tree ( and i could tell you things about that fir tree that would make a boulder blush ) , and in a few minutes a carriage will be coming down that path .
knowing this , and what manner of thing you are , i know the obligation you must be under . ''
` ` i ' m sure that nothing could give me greater pleasure than to be there , '' said tristran , although he was sure of no such thing .
he wondered how it could have taken him so long to realize how much he cared for her , and he told her so , and she called him an idiot , and he declared that it was the finest thing that ever a man had been called .
` ` it was n't one , '' was the first idiotic thing to come out of his mouth .
` ` i feel the same thing .
a lot of the time , there is a constant inner struggle going on - our minds telling us one thing , but our feelings telling us another . ''
he pulled me aside and explained the whole star trek ' shields cloaked ' thing . ''
i thought i knew your favorite drink too , until that whole sexy bitch thing threw me for a loop .
and right after he 'd hit her with the whole i - love - you thing .
that statement was the first thing to threaten her lackadaisical mood since she 'd returned here .
` ` and one thing i can promise you .
` ` then just tell me one thing , kaderin .
` ` i asked her the same thing , but she just laughed .
she was certain that meant one thing - they did n't plan to let her out of this place alive .
holly had heard her dad say the same thing when he 'd spoken to her mom about the drugs pompous shrink had wanted to put her on .
and one thing i can promise you : what happens with the demon , stays with the demon . ''
always remember one thing . ''
` ` every single thing he told you was a lie .
` ` then there 's one thing i can assure you .
someandshy ; thing you 'll never want to say . ''
lothaire could ask him for any one thing .
` ` sabine , there 's someandshy ; thing i must confess to you . ''
he 'd never in memory said the wrong thing to women , had always been able to sense exactly what they wanted to hear .
nikolai must have been thinking the same thing .
he deftly drew her out of the way when a full go - cup dropped from a balcony above , then said , ` ` the one thing i believed without question ?
` ` the same thing i wanted this morning . ''
the same thing deshazior had told them .
` ` i ' ve encountered many of your kind , and one thing remains the same , no matter what species or faction or breed .
why was that always the second thing out of their mouth , right after how tall you ' ve gotten ?
` ` if dad was here , he 'd tell you the same thing .
i knew my mom would n't be happy , but the worst thing she could do was say no .
` ` we need to get one thing straight , cookie fart , '' jenks said , poking his nose with the tip of his sword .
it might not have been the right thing to say , but trent did n't care if he insulted him .
it was the wrong thing to say , and the electrical balance in the air shifted as zach 's expression turned ugly .
jenks had said the same thing to me once when i was doing some high magic .
it was n't the right thing to say .
she looked at me , her soft smile the last thing i would have expected from her right now .
i 'll give trent one thing .
was there such a thing , or was this part of his plan ?
` ` dali ... give me this one thing .
al seemed to be thinking the same thing as he set his cup down and pointedly looked at dali .
` ` i 'll give you one thing , nina .
it was n't the best thing i could have said .
` ` it 's not that bad , '' i said , uneasy as i remembered trent saying the same thing in different words .
i blinked , remembering a demon asking me the same thing .
i smiled , remembering thinking just about the same thing when ceri had taught me .
that show you put on for him told him one thing , and one thing only . ''
that show you put on for him told him one thing , and one thing only . ''
` ` i could say the same thing , '' he said softly as the three pool table repair guys started up the walk .
` ` the only thing i could get out of quen was that trenton used the vault door to get to the ever - after , but before he left , he set the machine to overload and it burned out the fuse .
it was the first honest thing i thought i 'd ever heard from ellasbeth , and i almost liked her as i leaned against the counter and just ... breathed .
please do n't say nina , i thought , knowing jenks was thinking the same thing as he sat on the banister and sifted an unhappy blue dust .
and i will stand in the enclave and say the same thing .
yeah , i kind of thought the same thing , but it got noisy as megan was introduced and i was hesitant to bring it up .
` ` one last thing that arrived this morning , '' he said , taking an envelope from his jacket 's inner pocket .
i remember saying the same exact thing to you when you moved in . ''
i could tell by quen 's expression he was thinking the same thing i was .
i asked , and then had to repeat the entire thing since no on was listening , captured by the emotions crossing through the tall woman .
a bald head , bottomless eyes and black smoke could mean only one thing .
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard !
and the way you are with me ... kind , caring , sweet , thoughtful , helpful , considerate , compassionate , loving- '' she gave another laugh , saying , ` ` basically , all of those words mean the same thing . ''
` ` we know no such thing , '' noelle replied .
` ` what 's the second thing you wanted to tell me ? ''
` ` we look ridiculous , wearing the same outfit like this , '' was the first thing her friend said as ava slid into the passenger side of the vehicle .
` ` mia and i wondered the same thing , but we can try it out with johnny tonight , when we escort mckell to air headquarters .
` ` only thing i ask is that you do n't turn me . ''
how could he ever have thought such a thing ?
` ` i 'd say the same thing to a man . ''
mine says the same thing , except the name is n't mentioned .
` ` what do you want to bet the others say the same thing ? ''
as an adult , and in light of my recent failure , i hated - hated ! -hearing such a thing .
the word actually hung between us like a living , breathing thing .
maybe his kiss had weakened my resolve to dislike him , maybe his praise had , or his confession about his childhood , because i suddenly wanted to give him an honest answer - the one thing i had n't given him in all our sexual sparrings .
` ` you still have two guesses , and i ' m not telling you a damn thing . ''
still , he had n't revealed a single thing he 'd read .
now he 's wondering who the hell i am , and he wo n't tell me a damn thing . ''
of course he 'd latch onto that little admission , the one thing she did n't want to explain .
` ` god , that 's the sexiest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` 'cause the only thing i ' m willing to agree to is your absolute surrender . ''
letting him assume a little some - some was possible was one thing .
what a sweet thing to say , as i know you meant that in the very best sense . ''
` ` i do n't owe you a damn thing .
that these humans wanted bride enough to break into her apartment could mean only one thing .
` ` first thing the king asked me when i returned two of his cousins to their underground home was whether i 'd given them my blood .
second thing he asked me was whether or not i had drunk from them .
` ` one thing we know .
` ` normally i 'd agree with your methods , '' ava said , ` ` but we kinda need their support if we 're going to pass this thing . ''
` ` i get the order thing , but how did i jeopardize the camp ? ''
` ` that was a very rude thing to say . ''
i had the visions a while ago , but i did n't know what the double thing meant until kyrin explained it to me yesterday .
` ` he tell you boys the same thing and you 're expecting all kinds of pleasure ?
he 'd thought that very thing before , but saying it aloud rankled .
same thing the next night , and the next .
he belonged in the depths of hell for saying such a thing .
` ` and a demon will tell you such a thing ?
what a sweet thing to say .
tell this lie ... say that cruel thing ... do this hateful thing ... do that savage thing .
and in the ensuing minutes , she proved that very thing .
` ` such a guy thing to say , but no more attempted debauchings tonight .
` ` i think that 's the sweetest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
and - if the expert - tracker thing proved true - bath time would come soon .
` ` i ' m going to say the wrong thing tonight .
he 'd been thinking that very thing for the past hour .
he had never imagined such a thing possible , but there were many things he would have denied ... until elin had made the impossible possible .
` ` i would hate such a thing .
maddox was n't sure whether it was the spirit or himself who thought such a thing , and he did n't care .
had they expected him to passively accept such a thing ?
he 'd told himself that very thing , but he could n't seem to make it matter .
the only other thing you need to know is that i will protect you while you 're here . ''
` ` how can you know that they ' ve believed such a thing for so long ? ''
` ` that 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` we were told the same thing . ''
his words said one thing , his tone quite another .
i ' m not telling you a damn thing . ''
` ` that 's a very rude thing to say .
that was uncalled for , and i will not say such a thing again . ''
lucien seemed to be experiencing a similar phenomenon with anya , not that stoic death would admit such a thing aloud .
he probably would have thought she 'd made the whole thing up to keep him at bay .
` ` that 's the saddest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
he had told her the very same thing .
she 'd tried to pretend lucien meant nothing to her , saying horrible things she 'd had to rip out of her mouth just in case cronus the voyeur had been watching , but she 'd been unable to walk away when lucien told her to choose her place of pleasure .
he had n't had to say a thing .
he floated to her and attempted to push a hand through her hair , but the only thing he felt was the warmth of the air .
it was a lie , but it was the kindest thing he could say .
his anger softened into surprise , as though he had n't expected her to admit such a thing .
truthfully , paris had once thought the very same thing .
no one would tell her a damn thing .
` ` why , reyes , i think that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
not that she would ever admit such a thing to him .
and he 'd told them all the same thing : you are beautiful .
he 'd never wondered such a thing about anyone before .
` ` never say such a thing .
never say such a thing . ''
she had n't named her price , but that was because the first thing that had come to mind was room and board in his fortress .
` ` i ' m not agreeing to any such thing .
the never - being - injured thing . ''
being shot and realizing she did indeed want to help bring those hunters down had taught her one thing : time was n't a guarantee , even for immortals .
he 'd often said the same thing , though he thought he did need more power over her .
last thing he 'd said before leaving her in this shithole ?
they claimed they wanted a world without evil , but would they say the same thing if they were in control of all that evil ?
not that he would ever admit such a thing aloud .
` ` i ' m a confident , aggressive woman , so i ' m okay with the not changing anything between us thing , '' she said with a casual - forced ? -shrug .
he 'd wondered the same thing .
` ` oh , and i know you did n't want any more surprises tossed your way , but there 's one more thing i ' ve got to tell you about your buddy cronus , '' aeron said .
` ` any ... thing you say , aeron .
` ` i could kiss you , '' was the first thing the warrior said .
not that he could say such a thing aloud .
` ` i told you one thing , as you asked .
he would n't allow her to think such a thing .
` ` they did n't get one thing right , though .
one thing he knew .
` ` that 's the best thing you ' ve said all day .
and because she had memorized al the names and faces of her enemy , she knew that could only mean one thing .
one thing strider had learned about the harpy when she 'd visited the fortress was that she enjoyed power and did n't relinquish it easily .
as with al angels , there was an undeniable layer of truth in his tone , and amun could n't doubt a single thing he uttered .
of course , he would have said the same thing if the sun had been shining brightly .
how could she expect such a thing ?
` ` you have hands , '' was the first thing she thought to say .
his absence was the one thing she was n't willing to risk .
that command could mean only one thing .
that was the last thing strider understood as the sisters began talking over each other .
only other thing she could think of was the one thing that had changed in her life .
only other thing she could think of was the one thing that had changed in her life .
they could mean only one thing .
but then , the guy had said the one thing guaranteed to demolish his no - negotiation boast , so they 'd try this a different way .
same thing paris had once thought about sienna .
` ` that 's a ridiculous thing to say .
the last thing i said to you was that i hated you .
both of those revelations can mean only one thing .
that 's the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
this is the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
` ` i thought you would say such a thing .
such a paris thing to say , and she grinned .
baby , that might be the stupidest thing you ' ve ever said .
` ` please do n't take this the wrong way , '' said the girl , ` ` but that 's got to be the lamest thing anyone 's ever said to me , and kane here has said some doozies .
` ` the same thing that happens when they touch your hands ? ''
not that torin would ever say such a thing aloud .
` ` me , too , '' he said , his voice going low , ` ` but i doubt we 're talking about the same thing . ''
i think that 's the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
` ` i will not say any such thing , '' he announced .
the only thing he 'd ever begged for was the lives of his adoptive parents , and that had gotten him nowhere .
well , he could think of one thing she 'd probably never received .
` ` i think that 's the stupidest thing you ' ve ever said . ''
and maybe ... maybe her love also stemmed from the fact that , for the first time in her life , she did n't have to fear doing or saying the wrong thing and ` ` earning '' a beating .
his voice was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` years ago , solo used to say the same thing to me .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing , '' evie said .
` ` that 's a very sweet thing to say . ''
he knew that they were all thinking the same thing .
he 'd thought such a thing before , but now he knew .
thin might be in , at least where she was from , but there was such a thing as too thin and jane was it .
there was no such thing as too much .
that was the sweetest thing a guy had ever said to her .
he 'd wondered before if he 'd written the thing and forgotten .
one thing you should know about me .
` ` right now , there 's only one thing you need to know about me .
that lack of struggle could mean only one thing : she liked .
` ` i 'll admit no such thing .
` ` sure thing , sweetheart , but we 're not out of the woods yet .
knowing that rez was harping on the ` ` girlfriend '' thing to get him back for disappearing , jt ignored it .
` ` there 's no such thing .
and she knew that there was only one thing that he would count as a happy announcement right now : that they had a future together .
i 'd wondered that very thing a few days ago and had even felt sorry for lexis .
` ` like it 's impossible , '' i replied , ignoring the fact that i 'd wondered the same thing .
such a man thing to say .
the old rome would have tripped reese for saying such a romantic thing .
` ` i just want you to reconsider the superpowers thing .
he had no right to say that kind of thing to me .
truth be told , all the months he and i had been together , i 'd wondered the same thing .
maybe it was the alcohol , but i heard myself say , ` ` i can think of one thing . ''
this time , the permission thing did n't bother me .
one thing she 'd said had come true so far : another man was indeed courting me .
what a wonderfully sweet thing to say .
` ` this whole memory loss thing made me realize a few things , that 's all , and we need to hash them out .
` ` i had one more thing to say . ''
he 'd told me the same thing .
i wish i could tell him that we 're going through the same thing .
it was a nice thing to say , but he acts like it meant more than just the words .
` ` you 're not a coward just because you do n't want to hurt people , '' i say , because i know it 's the right thing to say , even if i ' m not sure i mean it .
i feel a twinge of guilt for teasing uriah when he ca n't hear me , but i would have said the same thing if he were standing here .
` ` the only thing i ' ve come up with is that changing the simulation is n't what they care about ; it 's just a symptom of something else .
not the most unreasonable thing in the world . ''
that is the worst thing i can imagine .
another thing i can count on : peter is not selfless .
cars with black roofs - solar panels , which means only one thing .
i could say the same thing to you . ''
` ` one thing i do n't understand , '' he says .
` ` there 's no such thing as divergent magic , mar , '' says lynn .
it 's the first thing she 's said since we sat down .
his voice is rough ; it could be the thing that breaks me .
` ` i just want to say one thing , and then i will . ''
` ` hello , jeanine , '' i say , because it is the only thing that comes to mind .
the first thing that comes out is , ` ` beatrice . ''
it is the last thing he says .
i have to pause and take a breath , because i have not convinced him ; i have failed , and this is probably the last thing they will let me say before they arrest me .
` ` i like this ' nice ' thing . ''
i wonder if we 're all thinking the same thing .
i mean , if you were supposed to be one of them all along , then ' faction before blood ' is an acceptable thing to believe , right ? ''
she pulls away from the wall , and then she says the only thing she could possibly say to make me agree : ` ` if you tell her , you would be depriving her of the choice i ' m giving you now .
that 's another thing that rafi showed me - examples of the propaganda the government released about genetic damage , '' nita says .
` ` the old erudite writings said the same thing , more or less , '' she says .
it 's the only adequate response to what he just told me , the only thing that does the tragedy justice instead of patching it up hastily and moving on .
` ` i asked him the same thing . ''
i meet mia 's wide eyes and can tell she 's wondering the exact same thing .
this is the only thing i can think , over and over .
` ` that is the best thing i ' ve ever heard , '' ansel yells , dissolving into a fit of giggles .
` ` sure thing , snap . ''
the one thing i would have understood .
swallowing , i say , ` ` but the main thing i had wanted to tell you is that i feel really horrible for what i did . ''
` ` i might have thought the same thing once about you , in my town , '' i tell him , ` ` but i never would have said it .
she did n't sound as approving as she did relieved , but it was still the first positive thing she 'd said to him since she 'd set eyes on him again .
` ` troy is the closest thing i 'll ever have to a brother , '' he said , trying like hell to force his voice into a steady , unquestionable tone instead of the erratic mess that wanted to come .
` ` that 's the stupidest thing you ' ve said all night , '' troy bit out .
i worried about the same thing when wes and i hooked up , but everyone was cool with it . ''
it was the first thing that fluttered into her mind .
` ` same old the - sky - will - fall - if - you - don't - stay - away - from - ryker thing . ''
and walking away from josh after seeing nathan again made one thing blatantly clear to her - she had n't been denying josh dates because she was afraid of commitment or even because they worked together .
ryker would have told himself the same thing if he were in carmello 's shoes .
i was n't so sure about that whole ' good season ' thing .
we were all thinking the same thing - we were going to have to change clothes on the beach ?
i looked over at kip to see if he was thinking the same thing i was , and he was wiping his mouth .
` ` was that the wrong thing to say ? ''
then i remembered the whole ' lousy lay ' thing and supposed it did n't matter .
i was thinking the same thing . ''
` ` just read the damn thing aloud , will you ? ''
` ` are you feeling weird about the whole you - and - me thing ?
okay , so jendan had a knack of saying the right thing .
i made up the disneyland thing so she would n't know the real reason we do n't order pizza delivery like other people do .
seeing someone who was going to look into my mouth and see how bad i 'd let things get was the last thing i wanted to do on my day off , but i was ready to let go of the pain .
i wished i 'd made some notes , or at least told everyone the same thing .
i then said the one thing i hated to hear : ` ` i ' m sure it 's not so bad . ''
in retrospect , that was not the right thing to say .
by now i was furious he had n't called , imagining him saying sweet things to some new girl .
` ` another thing they do n't tell you about life as a woman in our culture . ''
i kept saying the wrong thing .
before i knew what was happening , she had my jeans down , and i found myself saying that corny thing i bet all guys say : ` ` you do n't have to do that . ''
i felt comfortable around janine , like i could say whatever dumb thing popped into my head and she 'd laugh with me rather than at me .
i really appreciated the fact she had n't tried to argue with me , to insist there was no such thing as normal .
of course there 's such a thing , or we would n't have a word for it .
plenty of people know damn well they 're normal ; it 's only the most messed - up people who insist there 's no such thing .
her face crinkled , and i knew i 'd said the right thing .
the only thing maggie trusted was that her marbles had gone on marble holiday to the marble hamptons where they were sipping teeny tiny marble martinis .
otherwise , i would not say such a thing .
` ` i asked you for one simple thing !
` ` my sweet , let 's get one thing straight .
okay , that was a really weird thing to say .
` ` how can you ask such a thing ?
the most shocking thing i learned was that the uchben had existed for a thousand years or so , concealing their existence from the world , while most lived and worked in normal jobs .
` ` can i ask one more thing ? ''
and that meant only one thing ; that little incident was simply recreational for him .
` ` well , take your ... '' guy coolly stopped himself from whatever cruel thing he was about to say .
could i ever tell my mom such a thing ?
and finally , i 'd made peace with the whole ` ` being different '' thing .
gentle is the one thing you will not get from me until the fifth or sixth time . ''
` ` mio cuore , do n't you believe in such a thing ? ''
he would n't tell her a thing : where was he from , who his parents were , if he had brothers and sisters he loved once .
but up until a few months ago , she would ' ve said the same thing about vampires .
give me this one thing , that is all i ask . ''
then there was that whole , ` ` death is the only way out '' thing .
the best toe curling sex ever - but ... no , i do n't remember a thing . ''
because at this point , the only thing i knew for certain was that the darn man had embedded himself in my mind , and i hated him for it .
that 's the sort of thing you 'd say about having a big ass or freckles .
the sleek modern lines said one thing ... '' expensive , '' i mumbled .
i - i ... '' that 's the saddest and sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` sure thing , minotaur , '' i sighed .
was n't that whole ` ` tempting fate '' thing supposed to be meant figuratively ?
how can you say such a thing after all that has passed between us ? ''
he slowly rose from his knees , and the smoldering look in his eyes promised me one thing : before the night was through , there 'd be nothing left .
hands down , this had to be the weirdest thing i 'd ever heard .
` ` how do you make the whole ' not knowing ' thing look so easy ? ''
gods , that was a mean thing to say , but it worked .
no matter how absurd the situation , the one thing he knew , the only thing he knew , was that he needed to find her .
she had said the same thing that time he 'd run into her by the elevator in his building .
let 's get one thing straight : you promised to never leave me . ''
i bet those women you use might have a thing or two to say about your compassionate side .
the one thing i ' ve learned is that nothing is forever , including being the goddess of suicide .
i ' m still getting over the whole liking vampires thing .
it ripped her heart into pieces thinking such a thing , but it was the truth .
there was such a thing as too chewy and the maaskab were it .
` ` if you say one more ridiculous , f**king thing , so help me , i will break through this glass and pluck out your eyes . ''
i said no such thing . ''
that 's the one thing i know for sure .
` ` i do n't care how many times i have to say this , but let 's get one thing straight : this f**king world ai n't over until i f**king say it 's over . ''
the uchben and vampires , his brethren and their mates , everyone said the same thing : ` ` he 's going to be entombed for eternity .
it 's strange how some people have the ability to say one thing but mean the opposite .
and let 's get one thing clear , miss turner , if you keep something from me again , your brother wo n't be the only person missing .
sadly , i found nothing apart from two articles which said the exact same thing about the team being kidnapped .
the only thing my mind came up with was eternal youth or immortality .
it was a disturbingly dark and twisted thing to say - shocked the urges right out of me .
it was just not the sort of thing i expected to hear , but thank goodness the hands were from already dead people .
i blurted out the first thing that popped into my head .
` ` well , the one thing i ' ve learned from all this , mia , is that you have to live your life and enjoy every minute .
` ` i ' m sure you get tired of rehashing the same thing over and over again .
such a hard thing to give when you had been burned so much in your life .
otherwise a relationship between the two of you would never work , '' she said as though it were the most obvious thing in the world .
she tasted like peppermint and that indefinable thing that was all maggie and made my gut twist and my dick instantly harden .
never has a hateful thing to say about anyone .
` ` sure thing , '' i replied , closing the door behind her .
we had n't had sex , but dear god everything else had been the closest thing to heaven i could imagine .
what was with the condescending bullshit first thing in the morning ?
that was the most moronic thing i had ever heard .
i tried to think of some smart ass thing to say .
but that 's the sort of thing i came to expect from my dad .
i can tell you one thing , young lady , we will not be bailing you out of this mess .
i have n't heard a negative thing about you in awhile .
you do n't know the first thing about being a brother .
i was ignorant of any venereal diseases where garrett was concerned and that was a really shitty thing to say about someone i did n't even know .
all i can say in my defense is i was rendered blind by the sight and spewed out the first thing that came to mind to make it stop .
and garrett freaking bellows did n't say a damned thing .
but garrett said it for me , saving me from voicing the very thing that scared me the most .
damien nodded as though karly 's comments were the smartest thing he had ever heard .
it confirmed every horrible thing he had ever thought about me .
this connection was the most amazing thing i had ever felt .
that was the only thing that made any sense .
` ` that 's a really messed up thing to say , cole , '' she said quietly and i instantly felt like a jerk .
but that would have been a shitty thing to say .
it was a dickish and egotistical thing to say .
he grabbed a guitar and sang the whole damn thing . ''
it was the thing that had been swirling around in my head since the entire concert fiasco .
wow , that was a lot of information for first thing in the morning .
had n't i just thought the same thing about him ?
but how could i when every single thing she uttered was the total and honest truth ?
the sound of jose 's squealing tires as he pulled away was the best thing i had heard so far today .
despite the barbs thrown in , it was the one thing i had really needed to hear from him .
if he was n't the closest thing i had to a brother , i would have joined rachel in crush land .
how many times had i told him the exact same thing when it came to kylie or some other girl he was drooling over .
i mean , that 's the only thing that makes sense .
glad to know that our kiss would n't mean quite the same thing to him as it would to me .
whatever i thought was going on with clay , this was the farthest thing from it .
but if there was one thing i had learned about clayton reed , is that i was powerless to resist him .
and here was clay saying the exact same thing .
but i ' m holding you to the whole shiny , happy thing .
i could tell that was the wrong thing to say as clay 's eyes lit with a sudden anger .
though i had worked hard to convince myself that ending things with him- ( okay , so i did n't have much say in any of that , but it 's amazing how you can warp things in your mind to make them palpable- ) was the right thing to do , it did n't erase how incomplete i felt without him .
that was the nicest thing my mother had ever said about clay .
` ` sure thing , '' i replied with a nod .
maybe the whole wanting to get her naked thing was a fluke .
and i could tell by the way maggie 's jaw clenched that i had said the wrong thing .
the whole wanting something you ca n't have thing .
i needed to make sure i heard that correctly and that it meant the same thing to her as it did to me .
so hearing that he was trying was the absolute best thing i could hear .
he said it like it was the easiest thing in the world .
the thing she did n't realize was i had learned a thing or two from my manipulative parents .
i know that 's a messed up thing to say , but god it was true .
i will tell you the same thing i told my parents , it 's a funeral .
i wish i had dr . todd 's ability to say exactly the right thing .
yeah , that was a messed up thing to say , but he was flicking my rage switch with his bony finger .
one thing i had always respected about daniel lowe was the fact that he told things like they were .
for a guy who struggled with finding his place in the world , standing next to maggie , i understood one thing on a very fundamental level .
` ` sure thing , '' i replied and watched him turn around and leave .
if there was one thing the both of us had learned it was that ignoring things did n't make them go away .
it was the farthest thing from cool i could think of .
when everything else had been so crazy , that was one thing that had always made sense .
the thing that she feared would break her heart .
it was time to make right this one thing that had been wronged so long ago .
my face must have told him that very thing , because i heard the crack before i felt the sting on my face .
but if being away from me was the one thing that made her happy , that was the one thing i could give her .
he 'd come home that night and never said one thing about it or acted any different .
` ` when you told me in the hospital that i could n't have more children , it was the first thing i thought . ''
instead , i whispered the only thing i could manage , ` ` it is right . ''
i struggled , forcing out the very thing i wanted to say most .
julia would only laugh and run her fingers lovingly through her grandson 's hair , reminding patrick that he had said the very same thing when daniel was young .
i scream a few other things into his palm , most of it not fit for my own ears , let alone children 's .
at first she does n't respond , and i ' m afraid that i ' ve said the wrong thing .
i ' m saying that i ' ve been english buddies with violet this past week , and she 's said a few things that are finally starting to make sense .
` ` fine , '' i say , reluctantly agreeing to lay low but leaving out the most important thing : i ' ve always been horrible at chess .
however , there is no such thing as cheerleader stealth .
the other thing i was certain of was that maggie would deny any claim i made .
i tried not to let it bother me that grace had not said one thing to me since i 'd been back .
it seemed forced , but it was the first thing she 'd said to me since i returned .
the only thing i knew .
i know what it looks like , and the only thing i can tell you is all i ever did was care about her .
` ` the only thing i ' m begging you for is to leave me alone . ''
have you not learned one single thing i ' ve tried to teach you ?
and it was , there in his expression , the same thing i felt reflected back at me .
with my face buried in the crook of her neck , i cried out , her name on my tongue the only f**king thing that made any sense .
but this was the only thing i knew .
because here i was , asking for the same thing i 'd been asking for before , seeking out her comfort when i knew it could never be something i would deserve .
it might be the only thing i could understand .
and i kept drawing and drawing and the same thing kept coming out until i 'd worked myself into a complete panic .
the intense green slipped all over me , memorizing , searching my face in the shadows like maybe she was needing reassurance of the same thing .
she said it like it was the simplest thing in the world when everything between us had always been so complicated , every emotion that flushed through my body complex , the joy hinging on the hate , this reckless balance that could so easily tip and spin us out of control .
that was the one thing i knew .
` ` thought there was n't a thing i could say that would make you change your mind . ''
aly blinked , and i was doing my best to decipher their conversation , because i could n't imagine one thing aly needed to say to him .
she shook her head as if she was trying to grasp the right thing to say .
that gabe texting me would have changed one single thing between us ? ''
one f**king thing i 'd asked from her .
pretty sure he did n't know the first thing about burdens .
the more natalie described him , the more i began to think she had exaggerated the whole thing .
i was going to tel him that very thing , until the words i love her passed through his lips .
honestly , the last thing i felt like doing was eating , but i asked for first thing i saw when i glanced at the menu .
i felt elizabeth 's smile , and imagined she was thinking the same thing .
the only thing i understood her say was please come back .
` ` wel if you do n't want him , i'l take him , '' carrie piped up , laughing through slurred words as if it were the funniest thing she 'd ever said .
christian must have understood my surprise , must have read in the message the same thing i saw now .
and my nerve - wracked brain concluded one thing , practically screaming out loud , sweet mother of all things inhumanly awkward , please do not let him be planning to greet the new kid .
` ` sure thing , mr thompson . ''
` ` sure thing , kid . ''
` ` well- '' he shook his head , ` ` -one thing i can say about you , miss ara , is that never a moment passes where i am not entertained . ''
` ` what a horrid thing to say . ''
i dropped my head into my hand , replaying that whole fazing out thing for the hundredth time .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing any guy has ever said to me .
` ` i ' m happy that we said we love each other , even if people say there 's no such thing as love at first sight . ''
one thing i 'd learned about life was that happiness is subject to ignorance ; as soon as you acknowledged it , it 'd disappear - like everything else you care about .
the girl in the mirror looked up at me ; she was thinking the same thing ; the dress was beautiful .
warm sweet butter and salty copper mixed in our kiss , and it almost felt like david and i were thinking the same thing - thinking how amazing it was to taste the essence of him and me ; everything that made us exist broken down to flavour between our lips - tangible , real .
oh , god , he saw it - the whole thing .
` ` the other day , when you said that thing about going home ... alone .
what a horrid thing to say . ''
he sighed a few times , opening his mouth to speak then stopping , until finally , he quietly said , ` ` your mum said the same thing . ''
he pulled back for a second as he moved in to kiss my lips and added one more thing , ` ` and i ' m going to be here to do it all with you .
the only thing we really argued on , the only thing i really enforced was that my bouquet be white , with only accents of yellow .
` ` david , that 's a horrid thing to say . ''
one thing i ' ve learned , through all those i loved and lost , is you do n't get to choose what your heart feels .
` ` vampirie says one thing ; what did you predict ? ''
he always stands up for you - the baby thing is n't intentionally disrespectful . ''
morg says you 're not right - she says there are things she ca n't tell me because they 're personal- '' he ran both hands through his hair , ` ` -things about you , and the only thing she can tell me is that we need to hurry and get david back . ''
morg says you 're not right - she says there are things she ca n't tell me because they 're personal- '' he ran both hands through his hair , ` ` -things about you , and the only thing she can tell me is that we need to hurry and get david back . ''
` ` i was going to ask you the same thing . ''
` ` i could ask you the same thing . ''
this is the kind of thing i ' ve been needing to hear . ''
` ` well , when we first met , you and i , after the ... the whole kidnapping thing , you said something about the blood feud - about it being the reason you changed them . ''
it meant only one thing ... my david was alive . ''
each letter from dad said the same things ; sam 's doing well , vicki bought something new to fill the empty space that used to be my bedroom , constantly changing it to be a room for some other hobby she could n't stick to , and also told me about ' conference season'-his annual fly - home - and - leave again period , where he 'd give history lectures all around the country .
` ` just tell me one thing , '' i said .
yet , when i told morg the same thing , she ... '' ` ` she ? ''
` ` the personal thing you told morg and em , but not me . ''
because you exude it in every breath you take , and everyone i speak to says the same thing : they have no idea how you ' ve come to survive what you ' ve suffered . ''
-the question mark circled in red , because he was n't sure if the translation for that word was noble blood , blood of knight , or cleansed , since they could all mean the same thing .
and this just cemented even deeper the notion that , as a wife , i could trust david with my heart but , as his queen , i could n't trust a goddamn thing he said .
in fact , i do n't need to steal a kiss , and let me make one more thing clear to you , ara - rose .
` ` well , one thing i can safely say is , i have never ever felt so much pain , physical pain , in all my vampire life , ara . ''
that 's the last thing i want to say to you , ara , but i have to protect you .
` ` i asked the same thing .
but that was the last thing he 'd want me to say , and i was sure it would result in his hand across my face .
` ` it does n't mean the same thing to me as it does to you , '' i said .
` ` let me get one thing monumentally straight- '' he stepped closer , his shoulders rounding to lower his face to mine .
` ` let 's get one thing straight here .
` ` i think no such thing .
and i ' ve heard several people mutter the same thing . ''
` ` bad thing was , i did n't care what he did to hurt my feelings because , on the days he was nice , it far outweighed all the horrid things he said . ''
i look at his outstretched hands and think of a thing dad says .
i ' m still mad at her about saying that thing after lunch .
` ` you do n't know shit about me when i was a kid , and not only did that break rule number three , but it was a stupid - ass thing to say and you 're completely f**king wrong . ''
` ` that thing i said about hermaphrodites .
-charlie kahn ( the pickle on vera 's big mac ) to say my friend died is one thing .
i was still digesting the whole mother - was - a - stripper thing on top of the mother - never - coming - back thing .
i was still digesting the whole mother - was - a - stripper thing on top of the mother - never - coming - back thing .
what a thing to say .
no one living understands dying , and no matter what they dream up - from harps and heaven to pickles in big macs - they ca n't prove a thing until they 're on this side .
he was still in no - smiling mode from the whole puppy - hating hulk thing .
fat barry even tells us we look like a cute pair - which is the kind of thing dad would say if he 'd just give james a chance .
give my regards to your mother , '' he said , which had to be the most obvious thing he ever said in his boring little accountant 's life .
i admit it was probably not the best thing to say in that situation , but i wanted her to say what she really meant .
i remembered that this was the kind of thing mom would have said .
that 's the most hypocritical thing i ' ve ever heard .
i think the first thing i ever heard was from ellis .
tim huber said things like cute or sweet or , one time , hot - which turned me off completely because i knew he was only saying it to see how far he could get me to go with him .
each sticky - sweet thing he said made me want to puke .
` ` i think that 's the sweetest thing you ever said to me . ''
of course , that 's an insane thing to say .
monday : are you sure there was n't any truth to that thing you said about a girlfriend ?
which is warmer than the last thing she said .
that 's the thing that hits me as i drive to work .
` ` and here 's the thing you have to never tell anyone .
` ` that thing you said .
` ` thing i said ? ''
` ` she seems nice '' is the last thing kristina says to me .
it 's the kind of thing dad would say to jeff garnet if he was n't always upstairs in the garage attic exhaling out the right window depending on the wind .
it 's the kind of thing mom would say if she knew what really happened at work this summer .
the last thing i think before i fall asleep is : stay away from my daughter .
then he says , ` ` but that justin and kristina thing was a bit hard to take , man .
i want you to write one thing on the paper i ' ve just handed you .
she probably forgot that she even said that thing about how i should come out .
while i do this , i hear noelle 's voice in my head - the last thing she said to me on the phone .
you do n't remember the whole doctor thing ? ''
` ` actually , that thing you said a few weeks ago ?
but there is no such thing , is there ?
my overstuffed suitcase is already sitting on the ground in front of me , bulging as if the seams will give way any second now , but before i can ask a single thing , the doors hiss closed and the bus moves slowly back toward the highway , leaving me on the edge of a dusty asphalt road .
my talk with olivia makes one thing clear : seventeen is far too old to be scared of going into the woods .
` ` i wo n't say a thing ! ''
` ` oh ... '' i fall silent again , unable to think of a single interesting thing to say .
by the look i get from reeve , i ' m guessing he 's thinking the same thing .
` ` remember that whole ' abandoning me in the woods at night ' thing ? ''
fiona bursts into my room minutes later , the murderous - yet - traumatized look in her eyes meaning only one thing ... ` ` she showed you the drawer . ''
` ` my dad and i kind of have the same thing .
` ` and we have n't heard a single thing about you .
it was the wrong thing to say .
` ` i wo n't say a thing . ''
if there was one thing she could say for sure about mental health , it made her hungry .
totes_tasha : same thing u told me - go along with his bullshit and pretend .
but then i spot two girls in the front row staring at me , wide - eyed with that lip - curling mean look that can only mean one thing : major gossip .
you 're probably thinking i do n't know the first thing about principles , and that 's ok .
her tone is like the least helpful thing ever .
` ` i told them the names of some people we 'd seen out , '' she continued , her voice resigned , ` ` ' work friends , ' ella called them , but they all said the same thing : they 'd met her at a party , or launch , and believed what she told them . ''
` ` i ' ve heard good things about the place . ''
` ` i did n't say a thing , did i ? ''
vivienne , having suggested no such thing , was looking even paler than usual , but before she could speak , there was a cough .
he knows a thing or two about the futility of commitment and human connection ... '' alice rolled her eyes .
alice knew some of her secrets , and the good intentions fueling at least a little of the crime , but if she 'd learned one thing , it was that she could never be certain how significant she was in somebody else 's life .
it was confidential , the sort of thing a friend would share , and sure enough , at the mention of him , ella brightened .
but if there was one thing she 'd learned from her brief spells as angelique - and juliet , and even ella - it was that perhaps she was n't that sensible after all .
we can get headaches , stomach aches , sore throats , that type of thing , but not anything serious or complicated .
' we 'll get you out of there , violet , but it 's going to take time and i need to know some things .
' i wo n't say a thing . '
five hours and the only thing they could agree on was that violet should choose to turn .
' if you deny me your affections , then at least tell me one thing , ' he demanded in a tone of voice i had never heard him use before .
' one thing you have to learn about kaspar is that when you do n't want him around , he will pester you until you give in to him ; and when you do want him around , he will leave you .
and valerian crimson had said the same thing .
kaspar glanced at him , obviously thinking the same thing that i was .
before anyone could say another thing , autumn curtsied - her final curtsy - and throwing up their hoods , they disappeared in a whirling mass of black cloth .
' would you say the same thing if that prince was not around ? '
` ` extermino are sage , too , they just believe different things . ''
the curriculum was slow , too , but i had learned one thing : adaption was a means to survival .
something unspoken passed between us and i did n't need to break past his mental defenses to know what he was thinking : the same thing i was .
` ` let me get one thing straight , duchess .
i thought those things as the king went through the list of violet 's illnesses ; it puzzled me how a public forum was going to remedy any of them .
` ` sure thing , '' ty muttered as he stood and strolled over to grab the ointment .
` ` sure thing , sir .
` ` sure thing , '' zane said indulgently .
what a f**king useless thing to have to say .
the only thing ty knew he could ask without making a damn fool of himself , though , was , ` ` are you using ? ''
rubbing his eyes and wincing , he shook his head and said , ` ` that is sort of the idea of the whole being on the wagon thing . ''
` ` it was the first thing that came out .
it 's such a trite question , really , but it 's the only thing a dying person can think of , apparently .
the closest thing he could compare it to was him and mara .
zane knew one thing : that sure as hell would n't happen with earl around .
ty nodded as if he was thinking the same thing , but then he glanced off into the dark woods , squinting as if trying to find the campfire .
ty knew one thing : if it had wanted to kill them , they never would have seen it coming .
what 's the first thing that comes to mind ? ''
ty blinked at him , opening his mouth as he thought the very first thing that came to mind when zane prompted him .
it was the only thing he could think to say .
` ` usually i hide the thinking thing better , '' he tried in a wry voice .
it was the nicest thing zane had ever said to him .
possibly the nicest thing anyone had ever said to him .
but it was the only thing coming to mind .
he just needed to know one thing before he could in good conscience put grady and garrett on another assignment together .
despite how they 'd gotten closer , some things were just unspoken ; he would n't have imagined hearing this sort of thing from ty again .
despite how they 'd gotten closer , some things were just unspoken ; he would n't have imagined hearing this sort of thing from ty again .
zane couldn '' t think of a single thing to say , so he started on his salad as he reviewed the conversation , committing details to memory , and watched ty poke at his bowl of vinaigrette - covered greens .
or rather , how could ty say such a thing at all ?
he had to say one thing : ty '' s form was beautiful as he dove toward the placid pool below .
zane knew one thing ; ty never would have made it to the surface if he '' d been down there without help , especially not if ty believed he had to ascend this slowly .
that was nt the kind of thing he said to ty .
if ty knew one thing , it was how to use and abuse a pressure point .
but that was about the only good thing that could be said for the man he d been then .
suddenly there were all sorts of words crowding on zanes tongue , and he could nt get a single one out , much less three that would prove he knew the best thing to happen to him in his entire life lay right there in his arms .
he leaned in to get another kiss , but just as their lips touched , ty opened his mouth to say one last thing before he forgot and let it slide too long .
cameron shook his head and detoured around him , unable to say a thing in response .
he steeled himself to ask the only thing he could think of just then .
ty shook his head , apparently thinking the same thing and not certain how to answer .
` ` same thing i am . ''
no one in the area had the nerve to say such things to her , and no one in the family bothered anymore .
` ` every little dirty thing you 're thinking and more . ''
serena scott had said the same thing when they 'd worked their first case together in new york city .
zane knew one thing for damn sure : he would never make fun of ty again for teaching a toddler how to jab a pressure point .
` ` and what was he talking about with the ' talk to you individually ' thing ? ''
i feel like i do n't know a goddamned thing now ! ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , love , i would n't pull my punches like he did .
the only thing he could make of it was that , tomorrow , ty intended to risk a bullet to the chest for him .
when burns read me in , the only thing i could think of was that it was the only way of getting back to you .
when he said you might need protecting , it was the only thing i heard .
` ` i need to know one thing from you both before i continue , '' mccoy said grimly .
` ` you stand there in this important ceremony , nervous as hell because everyone 's watching you and you do n't want to trip on the steps , and then it 's over and you do n't remember a single thing and it seems like such a waste of all that time . ''
ty was obviously thinking the same thing .
i probably would have thought the same thing . ''
he 'd been asking himself the same thing .
what 's the thing that will tell him you 're in it for the long haul and you want him there with you ?
but i could n't explain the feeling , and there was n't a f**king thing i could point to to back me up .
` ` you heard the whole thing ? ''
` ` that 's saying a hell of a thing , you know ?
` ` that 's the most beautiful thing i have ever heard in my life . ''
it 's the first thing she says , and my heart leaps out of my chest and swims to the ceiling .
there 's one more thing , jones said something , and it sort of stuck with me .
it 's the first thing she 's said - that any of us have said since i ' ve arrived .
although , wes does n't believe a single thing i tell him about our stolen lives and cooper believes every word that sails from my mouth as if it were gospel .
this is an old school ass kicking from a muscle - milk guzzler who knows a thing or two about weak points and inflicting near - death experiences .
` ` my mother would say the exact same thing . ''
` ` you never believe a damn thing i say , '' she snaps .
he probably thought the same thing , too .
cooper stamps it out because we 're both thinking the same thing .
a part of me wants to strangle wes , kill him myself for not believing a thing i ' ve said .
maybe i did fall out of a crappy old tree house , and now i ' m spouting all kinds of demented things trying to convince the world i ' m right .
so , i say the next best thing .
` ` but one thing i know for sure .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing about you . ''
little does he know i ' m already sold on wesley parker - not sure about the paxton version who finds it impossible to believe a thing i say .
` ` one more thing , '' i say as we turn down the endless stream of corridors .
` ` i ' ve wondered the same thing , laken . ''
` ` i promise you one thing , '' he whispers as he lands a gentle kiss across my lips , ` ` it will be unforgettable . ''
she growls it out as if it 's the hottest thing she 's heard all year .
` ` well , i saw six attorneys and they all said the same thing .
` ` he never believed a thing i said . ''
` ` that 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever heard , man . ''
and a part of me hopes she wo n't remember a damn thing .
something tells me she has no intention of listening to a damn thing i just said .
the best part was she always knew the right thing to say . ''
it was sort of a lame thing to say in lieu of ` ` i love you . ''
it seems like an odd thing to say after contemplating my relationship 's impending demise .
` ` you 're a sane person with a great track record in the relationship department , so you must know a thing or two about sifting the wheat from the douche .
it 's probably morgan , and he 's going to make me feel tons better by saying the right thing because that seems to be his gift .
` ` the last thing he said was , thank god you 're not boring like ally . ''
dad raises his brows as if it were the last thing he expected .
i snatch up brielle 's unfinished ice cream and plunge a spoonful in my mouth to keep from saying another stupid thing .
if she believes me about one thing , then she must about the other .
i ' ve been wondering the same thing .
` ` let me make one thing clear to any of my previous students who think this is a game ; i take the value of your educational experience quite seriously . ''
you know she said the strangest thing this morning .
` ` i promise you one thing '' -he dots her face with his lips- '' we 'll always be the same no matter what . ''
` ` another thing i wanted to say was '' -her chest expands , and i can tell we 're about to enter a no - fly zone- '' demetri is going to be there today . ''
her strawberry blonde hair is rumpled , her mascara is running down her cheeks , but she 's glowing , and that can only mean one thing , she slept with my stepbrother last night .
what 's about to happen next is the very thing i want most .
skyla always knows the right thing to say .
it sounded despondent , depleted coming from my lips as if it were the last thing i believed .
although , i promise you one thing , the bloodshed that took place was not on my hands .
` ` you see , if demetri is n't leading them it only means one thing .
he huffs a quiet laugh because he 's said that same thing to me countless times before .
i wish she were repulsed by him , but i know it 's the furthest thing from the truth .
` ` i guess that 's a strange thing to say . ''
one thing i know for sure , i will never willingly choose between logan and gage .
` ` i ' ve said the same thing for centuries . ''
he says he 's fine , but i ' ve been grilling him , and the only thing he seems to get wrong are facts about the war . ''
it was the sweetest thing i ' ve ever read .
` ` i know one thing , '' he whispers , tangling his fingers in my hair .
funny how gage practically said the same thing about himself friday night .
i know one thing for sure .
` ` the only thing i could guess is that i ' m lucky enough to get to say goodbye . ''
i 'll have to ask logan to sit all of the airheads down and teach them a thing or two about making a dollar .
` ` i said no such thing . ''
` ` you should totally go to the gas lab one day and teach ethan a thing or two about business .
` ` i talked to gage last night , and i told him the same thing . ''
` ` i ' ve got a thing or two i 'd like to say to her . ''
it 's only then i notice our fingers are still interlaced , and he heard the entire thing .
the only thing running through my mind is do n't doubt , do n't doubt .
he said the same thing minus the cooper part . ''
i open my mouth to tell my ` ` mother '' a thing or two just as her attention reverts to me .
` ` he thanked me , and the first thing he asked was if i could do the same for liam . ''
` ` you always know the right thing to say . ''
the last thing i ' m going to give her is the satisfaction of witnessing firsthand some bizarre verbal exchange between me and my soon to be ex - boyfriend .
not to mention i sort of need to digest this whole ellis throwing the region thing , when in my heart , i still ca n't believe it .
the day you walked into my life , i knew - i knew you were the one from my dreams - the prophecies - and i ca n't get a grip on why you wo n't believe a damn thing i tell you . ''
you ' ve been nothing but a big ball of inconsistencies , and yeah , '' i scream , ` ` it makes it a little hard to believe a damn thing you say !
i taught him no such thing .
` ` probably same thing .
` ` it was the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to me .
` ` i promise you one thing . ''
` ` my dad says the same thing .
it 's the first thing that springs from my lips with vigor .
whoever gave me that vision of the butterflies must have thought the same thing .
i have a feeling i ' ve just opened a pandora 's box of nightmares and i ' m about to witness every vile thing fly into my life .
ten years from now when everyone 's waxing nostalgic for all things west paragon i 'd hate for people to think of logan , and the next thing that rolls off their tongue to be , he was such a douchebag .
i do n't have a single thing to hide .
i only know one thing .
but i would laugh at the simplest thing that flew from his lips if i were ever presented with the opportunity again .
` ` one thing i can tell you for sure - you have a destiny .
` ` i promised no such thing .
` ` when i heard chloe was missing that was the first thing that ran through my mind , '' gage gives a devious smile .
what if he 's faked this whole let 's get back together thing , so he can teach me a lesson ?
that 's the last thing i 'll believe about my count of a mother .
of course , she blabbed the whole thing as soon as she got back to the room , what else did i expect ?
` ` yeah , i said the same thing . ''
i find this , whole , put on uncomfortable clothes , and fifty pounds of leg weights thing hard to swallow .
i was just sort of caught off guard , you know , with the whole towel thing . ''
i look over at him and he arches a brow as though he 's heard the whole thing .
` ` i changed my mind about the whole send chloe to east thing . ''
` ` if i could get you to tell me just one thing , '' i pause trying to temper my words , ` ` i would really like to know - if you love me like you say you do , why not just tell me the truth .
she said the same thing to me . ''
the lights go out overhead , and just in time because if one more filthy thing came out of her mouth , i was going to shut it for her .
honestly , i was fully expecting someone like lexy , or michelle , or chloe , but not this thing of horror staring back at me .
` ` one more thing , and this is just from me . ''
i force a smile as though that were n't the lamest thing possible that could have floated out my mouth .
she said the same thing about you . ''
only , that 's probably the one thing i 'll never tell .
* * * back at home , fast food bags clutter up the landon kitchen , and this shocks me because the last thing my fake family believes in is fast food .
then i asked how she died , and ms . richards said the weirdest thing .
her head picks up a notch as though she just noticed me , as though everything i had said before was blather and now i had finally said the one thing she wanted to hear , or was afraid to .
` ` oh , sweetie '' -his head tilts to the side- '' there 's not a darn thing i have to rehearse before crawling into anyone 's bed , least of all mine . ''
she could teach your brother a thing or two . ''
` ` now '' -evelyn narrows in on me , spiking my eyes out with her needled gaze- '' let 's get one thing straight , twat - wad .
ford must think the same thing because he sweeps me off my feet and races us toward the waterline .
evelyn has n't said one nasty thing about either of her interns , and that 's not like her .
ford the last thing i expected to hear when evelyn called me into her office were the words , are you ready to be a father ?
once , my mother , thinking i was my sister , pulled me into the room and whispered a thing of horror in my ear .
ideally , before i ever tell ford a damn thing , evelyn will come clean .
` ` i ' m wondering the same thing . ''
` ` the only thing i 'll regret in the morning is if i do n't . ''
it feels like an odd thing to say since i ' m holding just about everything else against her .
it comes from me controlled , almost tongue - in - cheek , but it 's the furthest thing from it .
telling ace that i love him would be the most amazing thing in the world , especially if he confessed to feeling the same .
one more thing i want you to know , do n't worry about missing me .
his head ticks back a notch as if it were the last thing he expected me to say .
` ` there 's only one thing left to give . ''
i hope to god the next thing he wants to give me is his heart .
kennedy told me the entire thing . ''
` ` i thought the same thing , '' i whisper .
` ` he probably said the same thing about me . ''
and then i should probably come back in and pistol whip you for believing a thing that woman has ever said . ''
` ` heard the whole thing . ''
my heart in a blender is just the first thing i 'd offer .
is there such a thing ?
` ` say one more boneheaded thing around izzy , and you 'll be begging her to noose your balls as she 's walking out the door . ''
` ` there 's one more thing i have to tell you . ''
one of the last things my dad said to me was that i should n't saddle myself down too young , that i should shop around and when ` ` the one '' came along , i would know it , and everything would fall into place .
kisses are the one thing in life it 's not cool to ask for .
which is the exact same thing i said to you new year 's eve .
and one day i 'd love to hear ryder say the same thing about me .
another thing they ' ve made clear as waterford crystal is that once i graduate , i ' m permanently cut off from any capwell funds and free to make my own way in the world .
` ` sure thing , cupcake . ''
my lip curls up one side because i happen to know it 's the last thing she wants me to call her , but she 's cute like one and i ' m guessing tasty , so i do n't see me stopping anytime soon .
cole brighton has n't even begun to ruin me , and it 's about the sweetest thing that anyone has ever said to me .
i lean in like it 's the most outrageous thing i ' ve heard .
` ` funny '' -melanie looks up at me from under her forest of fake lashes- '' he just called me the same thing .
i swear if baya says one negative thing about my relationship i ' m going to start throwing lattes across the room .
i used to think it was the farthest thing from the truth when laney suggested my mother did n't care for her , but it 's little things like this that only affirm her theory .
ryder is still afraid i might scatter like a timid bird , and a part of me wonders the same thing .
the next thing i 'll be telling her about is the time holt stole my blankie when we were four and how i cried like a pu**y for a week .
the next thing i 'll be telling him is that i want to pull a jeanie waters with him and commence the f**k - fest immediately .
thing one and thing two blink through my mind as if they were waving hello .
` ` is there such a thing ? ''
it comes from her weak , as if it were the last thing she expected .
` ` i just want to know one thing , '' she began , still trying to stifle a laugh .
but there was one thing i knew for certain - this was not going to end well in the morning .
` ` did you not get a single thing i said in the office on monday ? !
` ` there 's that whole doctor - patient confidentiality thing that i had to sign for us , dr . palmer wo n't say anything to anyone . ''
` ` that was probably the lamest thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
` ` what 's that thing kids are saying these days ?
i toss his words back at him as i set the table : ` ` sexiest thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
i do n't know what your problem is , whether you 're jealous or just plain mean , but i do know one thing : you 're fucking pathetic . ''
closest thing i had to ice . ''
` ` and another thing , lauren .
` ` first of all , and i mean no disrespect to your family , luke , how dare you say such a thing about your brother . ''
` ` do n't you dare say that it is n't the same thing .
` ` you say such sweet things to me , and make my body hum with it . ''
what an inappropriate thing to say .
that is maybe the sexiest thing he 's ever said to me .
his beautiful gray eyes turn arctic , and i know i ' ve said the wrong thing .
i said the wrong thing , and i apologize again . ''
it 's the most delicious thing i ' ve ever felt .
i need time to process this , but i know this is the wrong thing to say when his face falls and his eyes get cold .
i ' m just not a great actress , and the whole ' you 're my boyfriend at home but just my boss at work ' thing is tiresome .
* * * ` ` well , one thing i will say about our nights out , it 's never boring . ''
` ` god , you say the most sweet , mushy things to me , babe . ''
i laugh down at him , like that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard .
he laughs like i ' ve just said the most absurd thing he 's ever heard .
we all laugh , like that 's the funniest thing we ' ve ever heard .
i would n't change a thing , even if it did lose me my job last week .
that might be the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me .
` ` did you write the whole thing while i slept ? ''
` ` you and i will be fine as soon as we get one thing straight : i enjoy you visually , but i do n't now , nor will i ever , want to fuck you .
` ` only one thing would make me feel better , '' i murmur against his lips just before he sinks down for a long , wet kiss .
i lay on him , my cheek pressed to his sternum as i catch my breath and just as i ' m about to fall into a deep sleep , i hear him whisper , ` ` sexiest damn thing . ''
` ` one thing you know about us , we do n't do anything we do n't want to .
` ` one thing you 'll learn about me , little one , is that i rarely say what i do n't mean . ''
` ` the only thing i was willing to share was that we love your cupcakes .
one thing you have to understand about my matthew : honesty is paramount to him .
` ` i thought the same exact thing when you hugged me at addie 's funeral . ''
` ` that 's the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` i think that 's the most honest thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' i murmur and kiss her forehead .
instead , i sit back and say the first thing that comes to mind .
i have n't seen you in weeks , have n't heard from you , and the first thing you ask me is if i ' m fucking my best friend ? ''
it 's the only thing i know .
it 's a dumbass thing to say .
` ` i did n't think there was such a thing as too many girls in your world . ''
civilized is one thing .
when she finally shows up , exactly one week after she spoke to me , this is the first thing i say .
i know that one thing .
it 's the first real thing he 's ever told me .
kevin leonard and the other stoners in the room think this is the greatest thing they ' ve ever heard .
` ` no , your unforgiveable thing .
a chance to find the right thing to say and the courage to say it .
there 's only one thing i really want .
she 's still shivering because she has almost no body fat on her and i kind of feel like shit for the whole fountain thing .
` ` because it 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever said and i 'd like you to , '' he half - snaps and it slingshots my mind back to the picture of him disappearing down the hall last night with one of the most beautiful girls i ' ve ever seen .
` ` that was the nicest thing anyone 's said to me since i ' ve been here and you took it away .
are you still pissed about the sex thing ?
just another thing that i can add to the list of disappointments i ' ve leveled at people i care about .
` ` it 's the only thing that makes sense , and if you 'd stop to think about it for one minute , you 'd realize it .
instead , you stuck your dick in kara matthews and proved that tierney meant absolutely nothing and that every bad thing she ever thought about you was true . ''
that whole night may have been the definition of a bad idea , but if one good thing came out of it , it 's that somehow the tension between she and i has dissipated .
it 's a ridiculous thing to say , but he nails me with those eyes , making sure i know he 's serious and i wish he would n't do that .
i think it 's on a website or something so parents can just print it off and read it , because both of them said the exact same thing , like they coordinated it or something .
one , real , amazing , true thing .
it 's a stupid question , asking a girl whose face is half swollen if it hurts , but it 's the first thing i can think to ask .
she asks , like it 's the most insane thing she 's ever heard and maybe , after tonight , it is .
i asked her the same thing and she never gave me any .
we know a lot of things , just not the one thing we want to know .
we know a lot of things , just not the one thing we want to know .
we 're all wondering the same thing .
the thing that no one is saying .
i need to know that there even is such a thing as okay , or maybe not just okay , maybe even good , and it 's out there and we just have n't found it yet .
even now , i know that all of the words i ' ve given her today have n't been enough , because i have n't said the one thing that needs to be said the most .
i do n't know how to say it - after all this time , i ' m not even sure that i can - but i have to break her last rule , because if she knows nothing else , i need her to know this one thing .
the brother thing made sense in the way victor treated nathaniel and laura looked at him .
the only thing she could think to say to victor was , ` ` thank you . ''
` ` same thing , '' he said dismissively , his hand went to the small of her back and he guided her resisting body firmly to the door .
the floor was covered by an intricately patterned , deep - pile , fringed rug that lily was fairly certain by its sheen was made of silk and likely imported from turkey ( she became certain of this because fazire told her , fazire knew a thing or two about rugs from turkey ) .
` ` if there was no wish , no magic and no genies , i 'd think the same thing .
knowing this voice heralded the scary roar if she said the wrong thing , sonia decided not to speak at all .
she tilted her head to the side , the seriousness going out of her eyes , the hardness going away from her mouth , and announced , ` ` one thing i can say for you , you convinced sonny to have beer .
he did n't like what he was thinking but he could n't help thinking it primarily because it was the only thing that made sense .
` ` can i ask one thing ? ''
i kept my fingers in his hair as he explored , tempting , pressing for a reaction , taking it when it happened but not giving that first thing back .
lucien watched his friend thinking that not the first damn thing was funny .
` ` please give me one thing .
` ` what 's the first thing that comes to mind ? ''
the first thing . ''
i decided to focus on the last thing he said because it pissed me off .
` ` i ' m guessing the same thing as you .
` ` i just asked the same thing , '' justin replied , his voice was entirely unfriendly , his pleasure at seeing her had evaporated .
therefore , it does n't mean one f**king thing to you , no matter how you pretty up the words .
` ` you have n't listened or paid any attention to a f**king thing i ' ve said or done , '' he grated .
` ` i have n't missed one freaking thing ! ''
i stared down at him thinking one thing .
the only thing i can ask is that you control your reactions . ''
and things about this world and your place in it , '' etienne replied .
it was me who kept things from you , even after the taming was complete , which left it open for my father to plant those seeds .
and he gave her one last thing .
ma , being a crazy , rowdy , trouble - making , fun - loving , adventure - seeking slut ( the last part was not nice , but it was true and she 'd say the same damn thing with crazy , rowdy , fun - loving , pride ) , weirdly did not miss church on sunday .
because it was the wrong thing to say .
as my experience with men was limited , my girlfriends had reported the same thing .
in light of that , it was also the perfect thing to say .
and i was tense , in my head , knowing he knew from vinnie that i was n't good at it , worried he was thinking the same thing , and trying too hard .
but more than that , that was totally an outrageous thing to say .
i want to know you wake up every morning knowing you have my love and you go to sleep every night knowing the same thing . ''
even when you are n't with me , i wake up knowing how much i love you and i go to sleep knowing the same thing . ''
but i think everyone on this planet can probably say the same thing .
` ` that 's not a very nice thing to say , '' trish snapped .
so the last thing you get from me , mike , is that i ' m really , really not glad after caring about you and thinking the world of you for decades that you turned out to be a man like that . ''
aunt dusty thought the same thing .
` ` unless you 're calling to apologize for what you ' ve been doing to rhonda and how you ' ve flipped out fin , i have not one thing to say to you , '' i announced .
one thing was crystal clear about mike haines .
` ` except , '' he started and i braced , ` ` you got ta know one thing .
and i told her the whole thing cautiously because she 'd just lost her husband and i did n't want to rub my new relationship in her face however crazy it might be ( not that i told her the crazy parts ) .
` ` only if you promise a first thing in the morning phone call explaining the reconciliation and details about the meet the kids dinner . ''
meeting audrey was one thing that was on it .
the same thing she always saw .
the kind of thing she felt from her dad all the time .
unfortunately , she was giving no indication that even the smallest thing was sinking in .
also clearly not remembering not three f**king months ago , shitfaced , mike at his side waiting for the time he could pour merry in his truck then take him home and pour him in into his condo , he 'd called his ex mia the same f**king thing .
she 's extolling the virtues of a townhome , this means one thing . ''
that was a nice thing to say .
i do n't know which it is but neither of them say one good thing about you .
the only thing i can tell you is the kind of man i am .
fin 's fingers curled around tight and she knew he was thinking the same thing she was .
and clarisse knew her dad thought the same thing when he whispered soothingly , ` ` angel . ''
` ` that was a jacked thing to say !
` ` i do and i mean the same thing , dusty . ''
this was the wrong thing to say .
` ` please , mike , one thing and i promise it wo n't piss you off . ''
` ` i have not one thing to say to you , bitch , '' was debbie 's charming greeting .
there was a moment of silence before she recovered and mostly repeated , ` ` well , i have not one thing to say to you , either . ''
and the only thing i can reckon is that when dad let us car date , fin told me they had a talk .
they 're totally flipped out but they talked , they did it fast and they both said the same thing .
i get you wan na say the right thing but there is no right thing right now . ''
they both fell silent and held each other 's eyes and layne knew she was thinking the same thing he was thinking .
` ` he told me the same thing and you 're right , he 's right , it does n't sound good .
` ` not one thing he put on his application is the truth .
layne had learned one thing from his father , a man he 'd never met , or he had n't met him at a time where layne was old enough to form a coherent thought , and that was you not only did n't shit where you lived , you did n't shit anywhere .
he knew one thing .
i do n't , she can share whatever she wants to share , make the whole thing up .
chapter two hunger i drove home from the garden shop thinking a variety of things .
` ` those things are sweet , but you look better naked . ''
well , one thing i could say about this , the only thing , was at least i did n't have to drive .
` ` right now , first thing that comes to you , what is it ? ''
i just need you to promise the same thing . ''
` ` only one thing i want to hear you say , '' kate replied and i was proud of my girl for sticking to her guns and not letting some boy - man ( no matter how cute he was ) treat her like dirt .
` ` not the same thing and you know it , cal . ''
she loved him and you do that kind of thing for someone you love but enough was enough .
but i guess everyone thought the same thing . ''
` ` and you can tell ellie , lisa , bobbie and lindy the same thing .
i wanted him to think the same thing and i could n't be certain he did .
we both had one thing to give and we both took it .
i did n't touch him , get closer , nothing , just looked in his eyes when i gave him the only thing i had left to give .
and one more thing and i ' m sorry for this because i ' m asking a favor i do n't deserve to ask .
` ` learn one thing from this , cheryl , '' colt advised .
` ` might just talk to a few folks about it , see if they heard the same thing .
he smiled again and this smile only communicated one thing and that one thing made the tears prick my eyes again .
he smiled again and this smile only communicated one thing and that one thing made the tears prick my eyes again .
` ` tell me one thing . ''
` ` is there such a thing as a ' moving noise violation ' ? ''
for some reason this was the wrong thing to say .
even now , when yet another thing denny stole from us tore through our consciousness , his hand there felt good , it felt right and it made the pain hurt a whole lot less .
` ` one thing , '' i said into his chest , ` ` one thing that 's good , colt , and that is , every day , for all these years , i thought of you , dozens of times a day .
` ` one thing , '' i said into his chest , ` ` one thing that 's good , colt , and that is , every day , for all these years , i thought of you , dozens of times a day .
that was the only ` ` likely '' thing i knew .
what an odd thing to ask .
the other thing gran never told me .
finally , i forced myself to speak but the only thing i could get out was , ` ` uh ... '' ` ` right , '' he stated , his voice now sounding hoarse .
after years of gran saying much the same thing and me not taking it in , for jake , i 'd own it .
then to my relief , i saw amber 's eyes light as she joined them but grabbed my hand , held it and forced through her amusement , ` ` josie , you saying the word douche is the funniest thing i think i ' ve heard in my life . ''
she was in her own head and probably not listening to a thing he said .
` ` that 's a terrible thing to say , '' she whispered .
she stared at him a second , not one thing washing through her features , before she fell forward and did a face plant in his chest again .
you could get a hundred folks in a courtroom to say that same thing and do it under oath .
it was n't the only thing he had n't shared , the rest of it she still did n't know .
the only thing he took was moving to the front of his desk , sitting his ass on the edge of it and crossing his arms .
i had one more thing to say .
but i ' m gon na tell you one more thing .
the only thing i can promise is that i wo n't do it again . ''
that 's kind of uh ... a crazy thing to say and a crazier thing to , um ... share .
that 's kind of uh ... a crazy thing to say and a crazier thing to , um ... share .
i knew what that meant because i figured that meant the same thing on both worlds .
conversation but in the last three days he 'd said not one thing that pissed me off or freaked me out .
` ` just tell me one thing , '' i said softly .
` ` yes , we did n't have time to tell you a thing , '' bess said quietly from behind and another glance back showed she and esther were right on our heels .
this , although he would have no way to know it for a woman of his world , a princess especially and sjofn of the house of wilde definitely would understand that a man like him would freely dally with a wench like viola without thought or shame , but apparently a woman of finnie 's world did not think the same thing and he belatedly understood that it was very clearly the wrong thing to say .
this , although he would have no way to know it for a woman of his world , a princess especially and sjofn of the house of wilde definitely would understand that a man like him would freely dally with a wench like viola without thought or shame , but apparently a woman of finnie 's world did not think the same thing and he belatedly understood that it was very clearly the wrong thing to say .
while i was at the trunks , my mind went over the last week and a half and the things i had learned .
god , what a nice thing to say .
one thing i can promise and you can take your time to trust me , is that if you do make mistakes with me or with frey , we wo n't get mad like your mama .
it was on me that the final words frey heard from me were shrieked accusations and the absolute last thing he ever heard from my mouth was me telling him he did n't love me .
you lived over a month thinking i was dead and drowning in sorrow and guilt for the last thing you did was shriek at me .
the only thing i could do was nod .
i 'd heard that before and i figured they meant the same thing in a way .
then i shared one last thing , for her and for zahnin , ` ` zahnin told me when he saw you in the parade , he knew you were the only one for him . ''
i never said such a thing because the dara goode in my world , my mother , was not dull as a post .
` ` can i ask one thing without giving you a kiss for it ? ''
` ` i take it ... in your world ... that 's not a nice thing to say , '' he remarked .
way , way , way wrong thing to say .
` ` sure thing , '' i said quietly , she squinted at me , sniffed then stomped out of the room wafting so much frost in her wake , i shivered .
chapter sixteen the only thing i needed tor 's hand tightened in mine .
i realized my chest was rising and falling deeply , my eyes slowly opened and i stared at my wall as i allowed myself one more thing .
what he said was true but it was not the right thing to say .
the very thought of that hurt too because i knew he was experiencing the same thing .
` ` that was a nice thing to say , right ? ''
this was the wrong thing to say and i knew it instantly .
` ` can you tell me one thing before i leave you be ? ''
that was nice and all but the only thing i could think was , crap .
boys in my world would probably think the same thing .
` ` remember everything ... eh ... vree ... thing .
` ` i will ask one thing more of you before i let you sleep , '' he whispered .
it was cute , and sweet , how he reacted to the way i said things in the terms of my world .
yet another thing apollo could not argue .
i did n't get a single thing out .
both the same thing .
i could tell that was n't the right thing to say with the way franka 's body language changed .
she had n't known any such thing until he 'd proved it yesterday .
when his mouth disengaged the only thing abby could think was that she wanted more .
` ` sure thing , love , '' pete replied .
so now there she was on her way to the castle and perhaps her catastrophic end and she was thinking she did n't want the last thing she said to cash to be a lie .
` ` i would have said the same thing a few weeks ago , but believe me , there are ghosts .
but cash knew the best thing he 'd ever given her was the same peace she 'd given him .
julia could not believe what he 'd just done and could n't think of a thing to say to him .
he found he felt what could only be pride when she returned to his side to smile up in his eyes and c**k her ear to hear some banal thing he forced himself to say simply to keep her attention .
that was the last thing she expected to hear .
his words were so inane , the kind of thing you 'd say about someone you did n't know .
` ` what an extraordinarily arrogant thing to say . ''
then call the sis , you know who to speak to , tell him the same thing . ''
it was , of course , an atrociously possessive thing to say but who was she to argue ?
scarlett , after mags 's idol and the best romantic heroine in the history of woman ( which , at worst , was only a few short days after the beginning of the history of man , if one believed that sort of thing ) , scarlett o'hara .
the last thing you said , '' scarlett interrupted sibyl 's recitation and her culinary reverie ( sibyl was frantically , and possibly hysterically , multitasking ) .
` ` not here , '' he told her the only thing he knew .
sibyl felt a hysterical bubble of laughter rising up as both of colin 's parents said the same thing in greeting and were both now staring at her as if she was an unusual and intriguing creature but one from another planet .
finally , she whispered , grasping onto the thing that least affected her sanity and she felt colin 's arm tighten around her waist when she did so .
colin looked about the green at five crestfallen male faces and scarlett 's knowing one and said , ` ` just making things clear . ''
sibyl thought , looking at him , that perhaps it had n't been wise to push this magical protection spell thing that afternoon .
she must have said the right thing because the woman 's face melted knowingly .
they 're good friends , it 's natural and it does n't mean a thing to me , '' prentice stated and when dougal looked dubious , prentice approached him and said , ` ` no ' a damned thing , mate . ''
she took every mean thing annie had to dish out , and there was a lot , bucko , let me tell you .
she took every mean thing annie threw at her and she helped her friend get better .
isabella 's eyes flew to annie and she said the first idiot thing that came to mind .
then she said the first thing that popped into her head .
she wished she was the kind of person who knew how to say the right thing , something strong , something momentous , something that would mark this occasion in a happy way for them all forever .
that only meant one thing .
prentice 's surprised eyes sliced to the man and he muttered the first thing that came to his mind .
` ` and , if you speak to my father , tell him the same thing .
i ' m not entirely certain you know what love means and if what you feel for me , considering how you treated me , is twisted somehow in that head of yours to mean love then i 'll give you one more thing .
` ` someone will be there soon , '' he told gemma then did n't wait for a response , he went back to lydia , told her the same thing then disconnected from her too .
he just said things like ` ` you have to try this , '' or ` ` this is the best thing they make , '' and then he 'd order it for her without allowing her to say a word .
so she addressed the only thing she could .
during the second opinion with the eminent harley street obstetrician , jack was told the precise same thing .
it was such an outrageous thing to say , belle let out a surprised giggle .
` ` that 's the best thing i gave our daughter .
` ` but at least that 's one thing down . ''
i could n't believe it , i had n't heard a thing .
i said the only thing i could think to say .
the first thing hank said , ` ` i hear you ' ve finally hooked up with lee . ''
how could you think such a thing ?
` ` two nice gentlemen came around yesterday saying the same thing ! ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , '' i said to him , ` ` i do n't know what to make of you .
` ` so ' how ' is a showing thing , not a telling thing ? ''
` ` that 's the best thing i ' ve heard in a week . ''
` ` sure thing , '' dawn answered , clearly ever - helpful .
` ` see , i told her the whole thing without talking about the job we 're doing . ''
` ` just promise me one thing . ''
he looked down at me and i knew he caught the whole thing and was in my brain , again .
once inside indy and lee 's duplex , i stared at the crowd and the only thing i could think of was where i was going to change into my smithie 's uniform .
it was a nice thing to say , especial y from tex .
it was kind of a stupid thing to say because i was stil holding eddie 's hand and it might have been that 's what it looked like .
so i threw out the first thing that came to mind .
she told me the whole thing , with tex interjecting every once in awhile .
` ` there 's one thing today proved . ''
not one thing came to mind .
` ` later , '' he said and that might have been the first thing he said al day .
it was n't a nice thing to say but it was an honest thing to say .
it was n't a nice thing to say but it was an honest thing to say .
i nodded but said , just as softly , ` ` i was going to ask you the same thing . ''
` ` tel me one thing , you through with him ? ''
` ` next thing , you'l tel me you 're not high maintenance . ''
` ` tel me one thing , are you in danger ? ''
i nodded again , stil speechless , stil processing and , even though i nodded , i was not entirely sure i could take ` ` one more thing '' .
vance 's face got tight and i could tel , right off , that was n't the right thing to say .
` ` one thing i learned , this life is a wild ride and you got to just go with it . ''
the first thing humbled me , the second thing embarrassed me .
` ` one thing i ' ve learned , you can never be too careful , '' monty replied .
um ... not the right thing to say .
definitely not the right thing to say .
it was the kind of thing that was said that changed lives .
` ` oh dear lord , he remembers one thing and he wants to be congratulated , '' mom sighed and looked at me .
do n't believe a thing out of that lyin ' pig 's mouth . ''
daisy was trying to help but it was the wrong thing to say .
then i leaned into her ear and whispered a few other things hank was like , not the sexy , bedroom things , the sweet , wonderful things .
then i leaned into her ear and whispered a few other things hank was like , not the sexy , bedroom things , the sweet , wonderful things .
then i leaned into her ear and whispered a few other things hank was like , not the sexy , bedroom things , the sweet , wonderful things .
i knew he was saying serious stuff but the only thing i could think to say was , ` ` princess ? ''
` ` why on earth would you say such a thing ? ''
i 'd definitely said the wrong thing .
` ` um , '' i started , knowing it was likely rude but finding courage in the dark and saying it all the same , ` ` from what i hear , you ' ve had a lot of sweet things . ''
` ` it 's not the same thing .
well one thing you could say for that , it had a theme .
one thing i 'd learned in life was that women could bitch about their men until they were blue in the face and you could listen and nod and offer support .
i looked into his eyes as his strong fingers closed around mine and i said the only thing i could think to communicate everything he needed to know .
i was wrong , the going to the bathroom thing was embarrassing , this was mortifying .
i did n't need his permission for one goddamn thing .
one thing i ' m gon na tell you is that you 're not goin ' anywhere . ''
bad ava 's unspoken advice was the only thing i could think of .
i took a deep breath and i blurted out the first thing that came to me , ` ` simple .
and i was sure i fell asleep because , i swear , the next thing he said was , ` ` missed you . ''
` ` dom 's the closest thing i ' m going to get .
instead , i planned my defense for whatever was going to come next one thing that was sure and certain and the blood proved it , not to mention luke told me straight how he felt on several occasions , luke was not the kind of guy who liked to walk into a bar and see his woman in another man 's arms .
one thing was for certain , luke was not playing games .
one thing i knew for certain , mace was never going to want to share .
i 'd forgotten to tell luke one little , but important , thing .
any normal person would politely pretend that they had n't heard a thing .
hmm , i did n't think that was the right thing to say .
yep , i was right , that was n't the right thing to say .
` ` what 's the first thing you heard ? ''
` ` the first thing i heard was , ' hel o ?
i decided to start my battle on the first annoying thing he said and advance right on through the rest of it until he got it into his macho , stubborn , effing head !
` ` i could ask you the same f**kin ' thing , '' mace returned .
i was thinking that was n't the right thing to say .
that , i suspected , was n't the right thing to say either .
not the right thing to say .
fuck , if hugo heard them say one nasty thing against you , he 'd tear them apart .
` ` one thing you can say , stel a gunn , '' dixon remarked , now his mouth was twitching .
his green eyes were warm and alert and i remembered again how much i liked the look of mace first thing in the morning .
` ` is there such a thing as too many orgasms ? ''
al about your thing which people knew about , kind of , as it made the news after vance blew off roxie 's ex 's hand at daisy 's party , '' brody informed hank unnecessarily as , early that morning , hank , sharing coffee with a sleepy , seriously grumpy ( but stil cute ) roxie , had read the whole thing .
i listened to the whole thing without making a noise except for my breathing going heavy .
that was a nice thing to say so i smiled at the phone .
` ` it 's al gon na be okay , '' i said like i knew it was true but i knew no such thing .
` ` sure thing , sugar , '' daisy scooted around toward stevie .
` ` not one thing , kai , '' preston clipped .
* * * * * ralphie was the closest thing i had to a friend .
but the only thing i could get in before ralphie dragged me into the hall was , ` ` okay . ''
it was n't much , but it was the only good thing i had to give .
then he whispered some stuff to me in spanish , i did n't understand any of it except maybe one word , ` ` preciosa '' ( which could only mean one thing , could n't it ? ) .
then , i felt his mouth touch my neck and he kissed me there and it took an immense effort of will to hold the glow back because him kissing my neck could only mean one thing and i could n't allow myself to believe in it .
whatever that thing was , the way you were in the offices that day , it was n't on which means it was n't on when he was with natalie . ''
` ` is n't there such a thing as not ugly shoes that are comfortable ? ''
this was the wrong thing to say , and i knew it when the room filled with something so oppressive , it was stifling .
some of his anger slid out of the room and his voice was less terse ( though not gentle by a long shot ) when he pointed out , ` ` do you know that that 's the most personal thing you ' ve shared with me since beer at brother 's ? ''
i closed my eyes and stated , ` ` you tell me , the situation was reversed , you would n't think the same damned thing . ''
i knew one thing , he never let anything go so i had no hope in hell of him letting this go .
and no alpha badass hothead has the capacity to say the right thing at the right time and do it repeatedly .
i ' m batting cleanup , '' deck said the same thing with more words .
i knew no such thing .
` ` the only thing i can say is , i still have hope for dom because everyone knows he has a wandering eye , '' she kept at it .
` ` whatever , same thing '' he muttered .
` ` you asked me just last night , i would have said the same thing .
i did n't know the first thing about shopping for girls , but i had expensive taste , and the small town area was n't cutting it .
wrong thing to ask .
yeah wrong thing to think of as i made my way downstairs and into the huge , obscene dining room with windows lining one entire wall .
` ` nicest thing anyone 's said to me . ''
god forbid , he was going to say the one thing he 'd never uttered aloud .
irritation plagued him when he found himself quite without a single acceptable thing to say other than good day , which sounded incredibly boring .
` ` that 's a horrid thing to say , and you know it . ''
he was nonplussed by her behavior , because the next thing he said was he would give her an hour to get ready .
she nodded but knew he was thinking the same thing .
` ` i think we should revisit this whole no - touching thing . ''
i lied about the whole cats thing , but it would be funny to see her in a cat suit .
it was the most romantic thing anyone had ever said to her in her entire life .
as he walked away the last thing he heard from nick 's mouth was , ` ` do n't worry , sweetie .
that 's the nicest thing you ' ve said all week . ''
i mean , i agreed with every single thing he 'd said , but that did n't lessen the sting or make me feel the rejection any less .
` ` i think i was too drunk or- '' wrong thing to say .
but , of course , in true spinster fashion , all i could do was focus on the fact that he 'd told me i was a spectrum , and sadly that was one of the nicest thing any man had ever said to me .
the thing i should have said instead of ... ` ` i love her . ''
desperate , i said the first thing that popped into my mind .
` ` cause i 'll tell you one thing , that ladies ' restroom wo n't be the same after i went in there and- '' ` ` he should go to his room .
` ` funny , i told travis that exact same thing today . ''
i ' m scared that you really have convinced yourself that i ' m some sort of hero , when we both know that 's the last thing people would call me .
` ` not the only thing she- '' ` ` grandma ! ''
and wrong thing to say .
it was because he said kiss and the only thing my brain could conjure up , was the memory of jaymeson 's lips on mine .
` ` and if you change your mind , remember one thing . ''
pretty sure if i opened my mouth the only thing that would come out would be a pitiful moan or maybe a grunt of appreciation .
regretting every single thing that had flown out of my mouth when i 'd talked with nat .
my hands stilled , blood pounded in all the wrong places , ` ` you ca n't say things like that to me , nat .
which was honestly the most messed up thing i could have ever thought .
and the only thing i could say as she gasped in horror was ` ` oh , shit . ''
` ` a reason that every single thing you say to me , when we 're alone , when you 're not pissed or acting like an ass , is dripping with sexual innuendo . ''
` ` one thing , '' i asked .
` ` ... how about i cook , and you tell me one more thing . ''
me and wes , we 're not going anywhere , and if there 's one thing i learned last year , it 's that you ca n't just carry everything yourself and hope it does n't kill you .
if i had n't known him , it would probably make me hightail it home , but knowing tristan just made the whole label thing endearing and so cute i wanted to keep laughing .
see , that 's the worst thing you can do to a girl .
no matter what my dad did , no matter who found out about my true identity , one thing would always remain .
which meant only one thing , i needed to stay the heck away from gabe - he 'd be toxic .
-saylor saylor ` ` tell me one scary thing , '' gabe asked once we were in the car driving back toward campus .
` ` tell me one true thing . ''
` ` you said one true thing . ''
i told you one true thing .
tell me one true thing . ''
so many words rushed through my head , things i could say that would n't actually make anything better because at the end of the day , our worlds should have never collided in the first place .
the only thing i will say is ... your time 's up . ''
it was the same exact thing gabe had said to me when we 'd gotten into our second argument .
besides , if there was one thing we learned it was that we were n't promised tomorrow , only today , so we got married .
` ` one true thing . ''
the first time he 'd seen her , he had thought she was an angel , and he 'd said that very thing under his breath when she had made her debut that season ... ` ` beautiful , '' he murmured as lucy took a turn about the room , gaining introductions to all the available gentlemen who came her way .
one thing impossible to ignore ?
yes , those were adequate words , for the first thing hunter had uttered under his breath when he brought her hand to his lips in a greeting was , ` ` i 'll kill you and not blink , if you reveal anything . ''
one thing i will say , however .
gwen leaned in and whispered , ` ` i was just going to say the same thing about you . ''
` ` i should ask you the same thing . ''
chapter twenty - six red- i think that is the kindest thing you have ever said to me .
but she was also the most compassionate woman to say such a thing , for cuppins lived for his stories ; they were all he had after his strength was taken from him .
she added some jam to her toast and waited for him to bark at her for saying such a hurtful thing .
each time she thought she was making progress with dominique , he would shut her out , or worse , yell and accuse her of things she never entertained in the first place .
dominique truly did n't have god on his side , for the one thing he wished would not happen had come true .
so many emotions were swirling within him that he could not , dare not , say a thing lest he ruin something that by all accounts should be good news .
the first worst proposal had occurred only three hours prior , when the man had haughtily announced that exact same thing .
i could die tomorrow , and her name would be the last thing to cross my lips .
that 's like the nicest thing anyone 's said to me all day , and i 'll let you in on a little secret , i was having a kick ass hair day so i had all kinds of compliments . ''
` ` awesome , so here 's the thing . ''
trust me , i do n't know what nixon 's been telling you guys , but my family 's been chomping at the bit for the announcement , meaning only one thing .
sergio , aka shit for brains , even tried tracing the cell number and it was disconnected , meaning only one thing , he 'd heard about the commission and he knew what my next move was .
and the war between the families would continue because i knew one thing mo did n't .
i croaked , immediately feeling guilty for thinking that exact thing of him .
we looked at each other - both of us naked and panting and i said the one thing i knew no guy who actually loved someone should ever say .
` ` i think it was the right thing to say . ''
i smiled as one more thing clicked into place .
but you should know one thing . ''
` ` which means only one thing ... you do n't have access to the funds because my father never named you in the first place .
lie and it will be the last thing to cross your lips . ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight , mil . ''
that tells me one thing . ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight . ''
i have no one , but i can thank you for one thing . ''
i smirked , unable to help my body 's physical reaction to every damn thing that came from her hot - as - hell mouth .
if you remember one thing from these lips , it 's this .
if you were meant for him , it means only one thing . ''
trace and mo repeated the same thing .
` ` you need to know one thing , mil . ''
was that a stupid thing to say ?
nadia hated adding this , but better for him to hear the whole thing at once .
it was the kind of thing people said even when they could n't be sure , so nadia could get away with it ; she did know for sure but could n't explain how she knew .
that was the one thing he now knew for sure , the one thing that made the rest of it okay .
that was the one thing he now knew for sure , the one thing that made the rest of it okay .
that was one more thing to fight for .
this was the first sensible , helpful thing mateo had ever heard his grandmother say .
from his expression , she could tell he was thinking the exact same thing .
so he said the only thing that mattered .
gage calloway was the closest thing he had to a best friend besides nadia , and it was n't gage 's fault he could never know the truth about what had happened with elizabeth , or what she really was .
` ` lots better , '' she promised , even though that was n't exactly the same thing .
simon thudded his head against the door , disgusted by himself , and sure of only one thing : he was never , ever going to be alone with that girl again .
look into his eyes , say a few words , and somehow say the thing that stopped him cold , spoke to his soul ?
and then he said the thing he knew he should n't say but could n't hold back .
the only thing that came to mind was the one comment she had to moderate , so she opened it up .
` ` give me one thing , '' she said .
` ` tell me one thing that will help us against elizabeth .
` ` or is that one more thing you decided i did n't need to know ? ''
when she could speak , she said the only thing she could think of : ` ` you 're not a witch . ''
verlaine 's entire heart sang with happiness , and that happiness felt like the only thing that had ever been true .
i must look murderous , because theo says , ` ` we have to remember one thing , okay ?
obviously he knew he 'd said the wrong thing ; just as obviously , he did n't understand why .
i know one thing for sure ; i ca n't fake my way through this .
even here , in a world where he 's a military officer in full uniform , gun and knife in his belt , he remains unsure of saying the right thing .
do n't you realize we gave each other the same thing ? ''
instead , i went chasing after him , because i was angry and ignorant and overwhelmed , and wound up proving the very thing he was trying to hide .
i never know the right thing to say , because with you - every time we talk i seem to get it wrong . ''
dinner is some chicken thing that comes wrapped in an airtight pouch , and vegetables that emerge from deep freeze with a bad case of soggy .
i take a moment to word this correctly , because it 's a hard thing to accept , and probably even harder if you ' ve been through what theo has .
maybe they 're both drowning , even now , or being crushed by the impossible pressure- ` ` tell me one thing , '' theo says .
first of all , the only thing i told him was why we moved from laurelton .
` ` that 's a dick thing to say , '' i said in a low voice .
and then noah said just about the only thing that could make me feel better .
that the last thing i said to him was ` ` leave me alone , '' and now , he had .
so i said the only thing i could .
i did n't know where the strength to say such a thing came from , but i was grateful for it .
i needed to say something , but that 's not the kind of thing you can just bust out with .
it was a stupid thing to say and i wished i had n't said it .
so i said the first thing that came to mind .
which , by the way , is how dad got the principal to change your f in spanish to an incomplete , so this horizons thing is not a total loss .
` ` how many hits did you say the feather thing brought up ? ''
when our eyes met , it was obvious that he was thinking the same thing .
i could n't make sense of most of what she had said , but one thing i caught was this : dr . kells promised jude i would bring claire back if he brought me here tonight .
that was the one thing she could say to me , after everything i survived , that would make me break .
` ` take her to the examination room , '' was the last thing i heard before i blacked out .
the three of us looked at one another , thinking the exact same thing .
i did n't mention the ` ` love him to ruins '' thing .
i only cared about only one thing , but my mouth would n't form the words until david shaw gave it permission to .
what a babyish thing to say .
now i just have to write the thing .
knowing that the woman i 'd love until the day i died believed the same thing made life seem pointless .
he made me smile , and he said sweet things .
it was the closest thing i could say to the truth .
i was thinking the same thing , '' della replied .
everyone laughed , because we knew we were all thinking the same thing .
sleeping with him every night was the one thing i was n't sure of .
` ` what is the last thing you remember ? ''
` ` damn , you really do n't remember a thing ? ''
` ` the same thing they thought when my daughter got drunk and drove her brand - new car into a tree .
guess that explained the whole hair thing .
and did my friends think the same thing ?
probably the same thing she 'd say about talking reflections .
my lips twisted and then my stomach dipped as i remembered the last thing i had said to her .
the look on his face said he was thinking the same thing i was , and it was terrible - heartbreaking in a way that made me soul - sick and dizzy .
loving how he seemed to always know the right thing to say , i rested my cheek on his shoulder and closed my eyes .
this has been the one thing i ' ve tried time and time again to make him understand , but he always cuts me off .
` ` there 's one thing to prove before anything you ' ve said can be taken into consideration . ''
i only want to know this one thing .
and the only other thing i want more in this world than to find seraphina , is for this pain to go away .
i ca n't actually hear what they 're saying , but whatever their exact words , it all translates to the same thing .
i can promise you one thing . ''
i brought her here for one thing and it is n't conversation .
i thought that was the most terrible thing .
if greta is here it can only mean one thing .
i should be happy about the last thing he said - i want to be , but i feel strange .
like the angel on my shoulder telling me to do the right thing no matter how sweet the wrong thing tastes , i see cassia again .
we 're all thinking the same thing , even niklas who just re - entered the den after coming in through the back door .
` ` the only thing she 's said to me really , '' niklas offers , ` ` is that she 's not pleased with the accommodations . ''
` ` woodard , '' victor says , ` ` i 'll say the same thing i said to izabel - no information on this organization will be given to this woman .
by now , me , victor , dorian and niklas are all hanging on his confession , probably all thinking the same thing .
` ` well , i was thinking the same thing by the time i left that room , '' woodard says .
` ` but one thing i knew for sure once i got to know her was that claire was a good woman , and whatever her involvement with solis , she did n't know shit about his double - life .
can a person just sweep a heartless and wicked thing like that under a rug and let bygones be bygones ?
victor stands stock - still , looking into that screen as if what he 's about to hear is the most important thing he 's going to hear all day .
` ` let me tell dorian one last thing before you take him away ! ''
` ` the things you told nora may have been true , '' he says , ` ` but that does n't mean you did n't accomplish the very thing you went in there for .
no answer of any kind , which to me can only mean one thing .
i manage to look at victor this time , wondering if he might be thinking the same thing .
the last thing in the world that i wanted was for her to turn and walk out that door so i would never see her again .
bray it 's the hardest thing in the world for me to describe , but when elias held me in his arms like that , i literally felt whole again .
` ` she was just f**king with you , '' i added , completely believing that , because it was the only thing that made sense .
i knew what he was thinking , because i was thinking the same thing .
` ` sure thing , '' he said with a nod and a confident smile .
` ` sure thing , '' i said somewhat distantly .
she was going to face this truth if it was the last thing i ever said to her .
and even though we had both said this very same thing to each other a few times in the past two weeks , it felt new and more real every time it was said .
and it was the truest thing i had said in days .
` ` sure thing , '' i said .
bray and i exchange looks across the room , and we 're probably thinking the same thing .
` ` i 'd have been more impressed if he had n't kept me waiting in a damp cave for ten hours only to tell me the exact same thing i 'd heard from a carnival fortune - teller when i was twelve . ''
` ` the fortune - teller told you the same thing ? ''
that was the last thing he expected .
callie was wondering the same thing as she took in the stranger .
` ` i would never think such a thing .
there is no such thing . ''
` ` the only thing i ' ve guessed is that you 're responsible for stalking sophia . ''
that 's one thing i ' m absolutely certain of . ''
that was exactly the right thing to say , she wryly acknowledged .
which could mean only one thing .
` ` at the moment it 's the only thing i am sure of . ''
' there is one thing . ''
` ` it was the first thing i learned after evor forced me to his side . ''
there just was n't any such thing .
` ` the one thing i ' ve learned over the past few months is to never , ever say that .
if the truth really could kill her , well then , maybe she should rethink the whole tell me what i want to know right now or i 'll break your nose thing .
` ` well , that 's a fine thing to say to the demon who helped save your life . ''
` ` now let me make one thing perfectly clear ... '' she shared her annoyed glare between the two vampires .
the one thing that regan was certain of was that the imp would n't want to be stuck with a furious vampire for long .
` ` well , at least we can agree on one thing . ''
she latched onto the first thing that came to mind .
she might be a bit slow ( okay , a lot slow ) , but the one thing she was absolutely certain of was that jagr would never harm her .
the only thing in her life she was certain of was the fact she was tired of being manipulated by others .
` ` i believe the sanity thing , but i do n't know what the hell you 're babbling about with your powers .
it was the one thing he 'd been absolutely certain of .
it was the sort of thing a man said when he did n't intend to be reasonable .
he answered the question with just enough truth to avoid a painful mutilation , but without telling tane a damned thing .
which just proved it was true about the whole ` ` assume makes an ass out of you and me '' thing .
` ` i could say the same thing about a happy vampire , '' salvatore drawled , turning to flash styx a mocking grin .
` ` i do n't know much about these things , but i believe that was the perfect thing to say . ''
` ` at least we can agree on one thing , '' roke drawled as he stepped into the room .
` ` the only thing i can tell you is that i will do my best to track down gaius and put an end to his contamination , '' she promised .
clearly wondering the same thing , roke braced himself for the demon to attack , his fangs bared and a dagger held in one hand .
` ` that 's the first intelligent thing you said . ''
i ' ve had an incredibly shitty year and i figured the one thing i could count on was coming back to my summer job - the same summer job i ' ve had for years now - and knowing that at least this would be the same as it 's always been , that at least i had that to look forward to .
a thing or two i might even be privy to , if you want the truth , though i ' m no snitch .
` ` your father and i might have very different ways of going about things , but essentially , it 's the same thing : we will not let an injustice slip through the cracks .
` ` that 's kind of a horrible thing to say .
` ` oh yeah , there 's one other thing i wanted to ask you , '' i tell him .
` ` but i 'll tell you one thing : i ca n't wait to take you home and properly celebrate . ''
` ` it 's ok , amy , that 's the least harmful thing i ' ve heard this term .
it 's kind of dumb , because i talk to these people every single day , and yet when it came time to rehearse interviews , i could n't come up with a thing to say to them . ''
the announcer repeated basically the same thing she had just said , which had always bothered me .
if she was here to tell me yet another thing about how sweet connor was , i was going to kill her .
it seemed we had said everything , and yet , i knew there was one more thing left to say .
i received two phone calls and five text messages a day from him , asking the same thing .
i had n't meant to snap at him like that , but it seemed every time i got close to him or someone near him , another thing came out that i did n't know about .
i could feel liam 's eyes burning at me , but i knew it was the right thing to say .
her lips were trembling so profusely , i was certain that i would n't understand a thing that would come out of her mouth even if she chose to answer my question .
chapter 18 : derek ` ` she 's wounded , '' was the first thing corrine said when i barged inside the doors of the sanctuary , sofia still in my arms .
the only thing i kept from her about everything that happened at the blood shade was what lucas did to me and the threat he gave me should i tell a soul about it .
she said it through gritted teeth , like it was the most disgusting thing she 'd ever heard of .
i 'd never felt more unsure of what the future held than i did then , but there was one thing i knew for certain : blood would be shed .
i found it sickening the way she talked about derek like he was some sort of hero , but if one thing was clear to me at that point , derek had done something to warrant her trust .
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i told the police and that other doctor who did my physical exam .
it was a cold thing to say , but xavier said it best when he leaned back in his council seat and nonchalantly shrugged a shoulder , ` ` keeping track of the humans is arguably equivalent to keeping track of the shade 's food consumption . ''
distracted , i asked them the first thing that came to mind .
i could n't fully understand the hold derek had on me myself , but it felt like a pathetic thing to say when i replied , ` ` i see him differently , ashley .
her voice was childlike and vulnerable , but what she said was the last thing i wanted to hear .
i knew that the same thing was going through mine .
i was having trouble wrapping my mind around the whole thing .
you 're too precious for that , but be sure of one thing ... i will pursue you .
i wondered if she could tell me the same thing after witnessing ashley get turned .
` ` this only means one thing then . ''
i thought , and i assumed even vivienne thought the same thing , that her presence kept the darkness at bay .
i could n't even remember why i had hesitated before , because the most sensible thing to respond with was a simple : ` ` yes . ''
i had no idea what was going on , but i was sure about one thing : ben was right .
i was still waiting for a catch , some cruel twisted thing she had in mind in an exchange for what she was proposing .
chapter 54 : ben amidst all the bedlam surrounding me , i was certain of one thing and one thing alone .
` ` i ' m wondering the same thing , but right now , i ' m also wondering if you 'll ever allow me to take a shower .
that only means one thing ...
i was aware of ashley 's affections toward sam after she blurted out the whole thing to me back at sofia 's quarters at the catacombs .
it 's like you ' ve been brainwashed ... '' at that , vivienne chuckled like it was the most ridiculous thing she 'd ever heard of .
i had no idea what was going on , but one thing seemed certainly true despite what they had done to me : i was still immortal .
was the first thing he asked me the moment i had settled myself in the dining room of my chambers at the catacombs .
i already told myself the same thing many times over , but hearing someone else say it out loud was like a slap in the face .
in the shade , the closest thing we had to a hospital was either the catacombs - where emilia definitely did not belong - or the sanctuary .
he asked of me the one thing i could never give .
only one thing came to mind .
that only meant the one thing that mattered to me .
she did it over and over again , screaming the same thing until i could n't take it anymore .
i did n't know what to do , so i began to welcome death until i recalled the same thing i told him the first time i met him , when he had me in that same position , about to devour me : ` ` you can control yourself .
i knew that sofia 's blood was still pumping through mine , so the only logical thing that i could respond to my twin with was , ` ` take me to the pit . ''
sofia 's wary face told me that she thought the exact same thing .
i shoved the whole thing into his mouth before he could even respond to what i had just said .
` ` i could ask the same thing about you , boy .
she made it look like everything in the world was just as it should be , which was the farthest thing from the truth .
eli stared at the beast for a good long while before he gave me a determined nod and said the one thing i desperately wanted to hear .
that means only one thing .
corrine reminded me of the same thing ibrahim had been telling me over and over again during my stay at the witches ' sanctuary .
not knowing what had become of abby , and having been strictly ordered never to inquire about her again , i said the first thing that came to mind .
i was n't thrilled about stopping the discussion about anna , ian and kyle , but it was clear that arron was no longer going to speak about any of it , so i said the one thing that came to mind when it came to our list of conditions : ` ` i refuse to be under your control .
the words made arron grimace , almost as if it was the most disgusting thing he could think of to be called our family .
there was only one thing i knew for sure : the person sitting in my bedroom was not the girl i 'd married .
eager to divert the topic away from the witches ' realm , i blurted out the first thing that came to my head .
if his surname and appearance were not some wild coincidence , and matteo was indeed natalie 's brother , at least i could take comfort in one thing : he did n't know who i was .
at least one thing had become clear to me : she chose practicality over beauty .
but i ask you to tell me one thing ... just to put my curiosity to rest .
i just thought the same thing about him .
i ' m thinking the same thing .
you know those days that are so tiring and draining ; the type of day where everything annoys you and no one can say a right thing to you ?
that 's a really dumb thing to keep to yourself .
one thing pops into my head immediately , but i push it down trying to ignore the blood roaring in my ears .
but promise me one thing : if it gets too intense , you 'll get out , regardless of how good the good is . ''
the boy- '' michael cuts him off , ` ` actually , boss , it 's the first thing i told him . ''
this whole having a girlfriend thing blows so far .
she scoffs and i cringe , knowing ( now ) that it was n't the right thing to say .
melting into him , i blurt out the first thing i think of .
i want to go to sleep , pretend i never said a thing , and wake up when this argument is over .
my insides warm and my throat 's thick ; i do n't say a thing .
the funny thing is that although it looks as though he 's not taking a thing in , i know he is .
i will tell you one thing , so listen carefully and heed my warning : things are not always as they seem .
no one says a thing , so frankie adds , ` ` sometimes , i do n't know when to quit with the jokes .
` ` oh , cat ... '' before she can say a thing , bob - no , scratch that - father robert appears by my side , dressed the part .
that being the farthest thing from what i imagined he would say , a startled laugh flies out of me .
the word hung between them , and she inwardly cursed herself for saying exactly the wrong thing .
sean was clearly amused , but she did n't have it in her to be embarrassed , not when this pizza was the very best thing she 'd eaten in her whole life .
belatedly seeming to realize he 'd said the wrong thing , kurt shoved his phone at sean a beat before he could knock a fist into his jaw .
it was the nicest thing anyone had ever said to her , and her surprise at his offer - one that showed he already understood so much more about her than anyone else ever had - made her momentarily speechless .
i guess i ' ve kind of been afraid to say the wrong thing . ''
it warmed her how he said it , as if it was the most obvious thing in the world .
it was the most seductive thing he could possibly have said to her .
i do n't want to make that same mistake again tonight by saying the wrong thing . ''
she did n't have a clue if this was the right thing to say , but needed to risk saying it anyway .
but tonight , while they had each other , they should celebrate the one thing they both knew for sure : they loved each other .
even if the whole committed - and - in - love thing is totally working for you .
it was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever heard anyone say .
it was exactly the right thing to say , exactly the right way to touch her .
but , do you want to know the worst thing ?
but her smile did n't last long , because there was one more thing she needed to confess .
having a sex - only affair was the only thing that made sense .
` ` ford- '' ` ` let me try to get at least one thing right . ''
maybe it had been a crazy thing to say , but suddenly the chance of a future with ford did n't seem completely out of bounds .
` ` i need to know one more thing . ''
she knew her brother was only trying to finally say the right thing and let her know that he approved of her relationship , but instead of relaxing her , the reminder that ford intended to give up shows like this for her made her chest clench tight .
it was just the right thing to say to give them the jolt of confidence they needed to close the deal .
despite all of her warnings to herself to stop being charmed by every little thing jack said and did , she found it really refreshing .
it was just the right thing to say after the pressures she 'd faced while building a career based on perfection .
` ` mom looked so delicate and pretty , but she never let us get away with a damned thing . ''
she stroked his hair back with a soft touch so that the little boy would n't wake too quickly , and jack was n't surprised when the first thing his nephew said after finally opening his eyes was , ` ` pretty . ''
she had n't meant to blurt that out , but when he kept saying such sweet things , she simply could n't understand why he has n't already been snapped up .
framing his face in her hands , she told him the one thing she knew for sure .
jack could see , could feel , how much mary 's father loved his daughter , and marco could clearly see the same thing in jack .
it was the nicest thing he could have said to her , even nicer than his earlier compliment about her truffles .
when a new flash of interest flared even hotter in her eyes , he suddenly realized he 'd just said exactly the wrong thing .
but he 'd already been stupid enough to say the wrong thing once .
` ` she was a cute kid and now she's- '' he cut himself off before rafe could come at him again for saying the wrong thing .
` ` you 're so big , '' she said in an awed voice that resonated straight to his groin , just like every other damned thing she 'd said and done tonight .
she heard rafe 's boots on her front porch and purposely said the one thing she knew would send her parents into even more of a tizzy .
you do n't need to prove one damned thing to anyone , brooke .
by the fifth time it rang , he 'd begun to think the same thing .
now she was the shell - shocked one as he told her , ` ` i thought i had so many smart reasons why we needed to stay away from each other , but all of them boiled down to the same thing : i was afraid to trust anyone .
even though he was n't touching bare skin , was n't kissing her , was n't even saying any sinfully sweet things to her at the moment , her hormones were racing around as if he were doing all of those things at once .
noah wanted her so damn much , a wanting that went so far beyond desire that it could only mean one thing .
even though lori was silently wondering the same thing , she handed over her credit card and signed a dozen forms promising that she would n't damage the car .
she was a woman who never said the wrong thing , who was always there for him for whatever he needed .
one instruction - to make sure it latched securely - was the only thing she needed to follow .
her ex had always been so full of sweet , sexy words , had known how to say exactly the right thing at exactly the right time , but all those words had turned out to be nothing but lies .
but how could she when she knew she 'd be saying the exact same thing to sophie if their situations were reversed , simply because she loved her ?
he wanted to make up to her every harsh thing he 'd said and done .
but if there was one thing grayson had learned during the past three years , it was that life was n't fair .
he kissed her then , long and sweet and soft , before saying all the things he should already have said to her a thousand times over .
` ` i used to think the same thing , that one day i 'd wake up and i 'd be over it .
he 'd been so focused on turning her thoughts from her mother that , too late , smith realized he might not have picked the best thing to discuss with her .
` ` george asked me the same thing , '' valentina said with a smile .
only , as he softly kissed her eyebrows , then each cheekbone , the tip of her nose , and then her chin , the last thing she wanted to do was leave his bed .
unfortunately , now she was going to be worried about saying the wrong thing the whole time and accidentally giving away that she and smith had gotten closer than anyone could possibly imagine .
now , it turned out that she was the one who kept saying one thing ... and then doing another .
but even though she had no idea what to say or do or feel anymore , she knew one thing : they could n't leave the car like this .
i ' m sure you experience the same thing with your pitching coach , do n't you ? ''
ryan choked on the bite of eggs he 'd just taken and she silently cursed herself for saying exactly the wrong thing to diffuse the situation .
one after another they all said the same thing : ` ` another shutout , ryan .
` ` just one thing i was hoping you 'd promise me .
` ` probably the same thing i wanted . ''
she pointed to the first thing she saw on the menu when the bartender asked her what she wanted to eat , even though she knew she would n't be able to eat a bite while she was watching the game .
` ` sure thing , '' he responded with a grin .
and not that their intact marriage had given her one single good thing to believe about love - or any hope whatsoever in a beautiful forever .
and what was with these sullivans who always said the first thing that popped into their heads ?
it was the very last thing she 'd expected him to say .
` ` one other thing i ' m absolutely sure of- '' he paused again to smile at chase and chloe , and turned to briefly look at each of his brothers and sisters , before focusing on his mother .
his chest clenched as he watched her consider his desperate request , and he knew he had n't yet said the one thing he needed to say .
jake figured zach was right about one thing at least : no one should give a damn if he died .
especially now that she knew she 'd said the absolutely worst thing she could have said to jake .
` ` i was scared and stunned that day in the doctor 's office when i said that horrible thing , '' she tried to explain , ` ` but i could never think that you were- '' ` ` sure you could .
whatever his problem was , he did n't know the first thing about her , and she did n't deserve to be the recipient of his bad attitude .
` ` megan said the sweetest thing to me when we met . ''
he was blowing the ` ` just friends '' thing already .
although i ' m not sure you 'd say the same thing if you could see me yelling at her about homework or clothes on the floor or spending too much time on the phone with her friends . ''
the growing heat in his eyes was response enough for her to realize she 'd already gone off course on the whole ` ` nothing but friends '' thing .
they both knew platonic was the only thing that made sense .
the only thing he was sure of was the fact that megan was desperate to get away from him .
but he did know one thing better than almost anyone .
but if there was one thing gabe knew for sure , it was that playing fair never got a firefighter where he wanted to be .
` ` no kisses yet , '' was the last thing she heard him say before she felt the slow sweet press of his tongue over her pulse point .
his mouth moved to hers and he emphasized his declaration with a kiss that said the exact same thing .
her report cards said the same thing , year after year : ` ` nicola is a bright girl , but she often acts without thinking . ''
the last thing she expected him to say as she turned and headed for the door was , ` ` i was wrong , nicola . ''
no one had ever made her feel this comfortable , like she did n't have one single thing left to prove .
she hated having to remind him , ` ` the things is , most places i go get pretty crazy . ''
it was the first thing he 'd said to her today apart from the quick ` ` hi '' right when he 'd walked in .
` ` i know it is , but i ' m finally ready to believe in the thing that 's hardest to believe , instead . ''
in the past thirty minutes , he had n't passed one car , because on a night like this , most sane californians - who did n't know the first thing about driving safely in inclement weather - stayed home .
he 'd said all the right things , but she 'd had too much experience with people like that , who easily said one thing , then did another .
he 'd said all the right things , but she 'd had too much experience with people like that , who easily said one thing , then did another .
he held the door open for her and she murmured , ` ` at least your mother taught you one thing , '' as she moved past him .
deciding there were n't a whole lot of reasons left to hold back her sassy mouth , she made a little face and let loose with , ` ` poor thing .
chapter eight chloe packed her bag first thing in the morning and put her jeans and t - shirt back on .
chloe had never been able to say so much to a man without saying a thing .
` ` it 's just stunning , '' she amended a moment later , as if she had recognized the same thing , that the word was now off limits for anything but what he saw when he looked at her .
` ` please , just let me say one more thing . ''
but you do n't have one single thing to prove .
` ` i swear i wo n't say a single thing about marshmallows , '' she said with a giggle as he turned so that she could tie it in the back for him .
` ` i 'll tell ya one thing , '' chester said as the nurse went to work .
airborne meant only one thing , and she had a terrifying impression of him hitting the pavement hard .
the silence that followed suggested the therapist did n't agree with the whole ends - justify - the - means thing .
because he might not know his past , but he was sure about one thing .
i ' m with about half the cpd- '' probably not the best thing to say .
but then she remembered that she 'd given him her business card - and written the thing down .
but it was hard to pull the soapbox , superior thing about eddie when he was prepared to go a hundred and fifty rounds with the dumb man - whore down in this corridor .
in this swirling confusion and post - shock emotion , the only thing that made sense to her - the only thing that seemed tangible - was that she wanted to be with him in whatever way she could .
in this swirling confusion and post - shock emotion , the only thing that made sense to her - the only thing that seemed tangible - was that she wanted to be with him in whatever way she could .
` ` i ca n't decide whether that 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever heard ... '' ` ` or ? ''
the only thing that came to him , however , was the reality that she was not just suffering down in that demon 's living room .
in a dead voice , she whispered , ` ` there 's only one thing i do n't understand .
` ` just answer me one thing .
one good thing about getting out of caldwell would be never having to deal with monty and his stupid - ass , pseudo - spy crap again .
same thing now , except this was a goodbye , not a hello .
` ` there 's one thing you have to know - i ' m not going to give myself up . ''
and you 're thirty - two - that should not be the first thing coming out of your mouth in the morning anymore . ''
` ` sure thing , miss douglass . ''
the only thing i can tell you , and it 's not going to help ... is that just because you ca n't believe it , does n't mean the shit 's not real . ''
` ` not one of you ask a single frickin ' thing . ''
` ` do not say such a thing . ''
and then he said the one thing that , later on , he would come to regret : ` ` you 're mine . ''
lost his patience with the whole polite thing .
the only thing jim kept coming back to was that the bible was right in one respect - the divine was so much greater than man , mount everest to a molehill , the atlantic to a fishbowl , the cold of space compared to that of an ice cube .
` ` this place could be the taj mahal and i 'd think the same thing . ''
one thing he was certain of ?
if you do n't want to see anybody , that 's one thing .
funny , he was thinking that very thing .
` ` where am i ... where ... am i ... '' as cait heard the words leave her lips , she thought ... god , she 'd said the same thing the night this had all started .
you do n't ever have to see me again - but i just want to ask you for one thing .
` ` funny , i was just thinking the same thing . ''
she closed her eyes reverently and sent up a prayer for the salesman to keep quiet - if he said one thing about her feet being too big , she was going to take his head off , and not verbally .
it 's the only thing i 'll ever ask of you ...
` ` let me make this perfectly clear - i did n't say one goddamn thing about you and devina .
as sissy came in with the book , jim froze and just stared at her - and in the strained silence , the only thing that came to ad 's mind was ... why the fuck could n't the bunch of them , at least once , have something go their way .
then again , if the demon had been able to make it through one , maybe the whole more - is - better thing would n't have worked , either .
he was weighing the pros and cons of either that thing you were supposed to sing on new year 's eve or the twix commercial .
that was the only thing sissy could think of as she lay in jim 's arms , half - naked and fully turned on .
i wish it could be different , but the more i see , the more i ' m convinced that just as children have growing pains as their bodies work to attain maturity , as people 's souls deepen and gain resonance it 's the same thing .
` ` i ca n't trust a thing you say , you realize . ''
matter of fact , she had n't heard him say one thing about his past .
` ` it 's the only thing i can independently verify .
even if neither one of them said a thing , it would be good to see her one last time in the event he lost this fucking war- ` ` i ' m sorry .
that was the only thing he was thinking of- sissy stopped in the doorway that led into the hall , blocking the way .
the only thing she knew for sure was that she was glad jim was with her .
eddie gritted his teeth like he was determined not to say the first thing that came to his mind .
i was going to ask you the same thing .
in his peripheral vision , john 's hands started flying around like he was wondering the same thing .
then blay shows up with an arousal the size of a crowbar - and the first thing to come to his mind was it could , possibly , maybe , sort of , kind of ... be for him ?
bella froze , like that was the last thing she expected anyone to say .
he just launched into the tale , with some judicious editing so he did n't divulge anything the brothers would n't want on the airways - not that his mother would ever say a thing to anybody .
it seemed like such a simplistic thing to say .
` ` i was actually just thinking that very same thing . ''
moreover , if xcor or one of his males could get hold of even one of those shellans , the brotherhood would fold - because the other thing that was true of them was that the pain of their brothers was agony of their own .
the one thing she was clear on was that there had never been any mention of the race 's holiest mother having e'er birthed a child .
there was one thing she was sure of .
chapter fifty - three even though qhuinn was hardly an arbiter of taste when it came to meetings of the council , it was pretty damn clear to him that the assembled group had come to the house expecting one thing , only to get something else entirely .
funny , blay was thinking the exact same thing .
` ` without a doubt - i was just thinking that very thing , as a matter of fact . ''
is it because of the layla thing ?
the one thing that was always true about business ?
he wished that all those pesky homo sapiens diseases were the kind of thing he could pick up .
later , he would decide that the comes - in - threes thing might be true .
` ` i ' m determined to get this vernacular thing correct .
` ` so , yeah , i still recommend the anti - seizure meds , but if you 're dead - set against them , the only thing i can tell you is , try to keep track of the when s and where s .
the only thing she was clear on ?
you 're waiting for one thing and one thing only .
he froze as he heard her words - and yeah , maybe if she had n't been hopped up on pain meds , she would n't have admitted such a thing .
i love you , and yet i still ... '' boy , did she get an idea of how he felt about the no - words thing .
as he peeled off of selena , it seemed both bizarre and totally appropriate that the only thing he could think of was that the shadows were right .
selena struggled for the right thing to say , something that was even - keeled and signaled that she was comfortable with what he was telling her ... when in reality it was ripping her heart out .
in a way that meant only one thing : someone was in her needing .
` ` answer me one thing . ''
had his father said the same thing to his mother ?
god , she wished wrath were here- the door swung open , and later ... much later ... she would recall the first thing that struck her : i like this woman .
well , shit ... the only thing that would n't be the same ?
` ` that 's a weird f**king thing to say . ''
` ` i was going to say that exact same thing to you . ''
dr . z was the closest thing i had to a father .
i was thinking the same thing .
that 's the only thing i want to hear from you right now . ''
` ` i think that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
the only thing he said was that it was n't working out between us . ''
it feels like such an ass**le thing to say , but it 's the truth .
i 'd heard other couples call each other sweet terms of endearment , and i heard mothers say such things to their children , but no one had called me anything but my name , and a few colorful slurs .
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' trenton said .
i 'd never seen it before , so that could only mean one thing .
i took a bite and grudgingly chewed , even though it was the best thing i 'd eaten in a long time .
` ` and the first thing you say to me the day after being a royal shit bag will not be an invitation to dump you on your stupid , drunken ass ! ''
mom had basically said the same thing earlier when she explained about the gun .
` ` wish i could say the same thing . ''
i just wanted to be alone , to get my thoughts together and not have to worry about saying the wrong thing to asher .
might as well give me the same thing . ''
goosebumps pricked my arm , and the only thing i wanted was to get the hell out of this place .
` ` i suppose it tells us one thing .
and i could only think one thing : branston .
epilogue you know it 's going to be a good day when the guy you ' ve been crushing on all semester shows up first thing in the morning carrying two cups of coffee and a dozen donuts .
that 's the worst thing you can do to a woman like her .
there was only one thing she could think of that made sense if that was true , and it meant myth might have a leak .
finn glanced at her , and she knew he was thinking the same thing .
agreement from finn was the last thing she 'd expected , but it was worth it just to see keva 's shocked expression .
` ` let me make one thing very clear . ''
` ` why , captain , that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` i could ask the same thing .
an ugly purple bruise shadowed finn 's jaw , but the thing that shook her was how still and waxy he looked lying motionless on the bed .
and this is the only thing that makes sense .
i am going to do my damnedest to beat this , but if the worst thing he thinks is that i died because of the implant , so be it .
blake told me the same thing . ''
i have only one more thing to say to you .
before anyone can say a thing , i ' m out the door with my plunder .
the first thing she said to me was , ` ` you look like a garden nymph . ''
do n't you say a damn thing to me .
there 's bound to be at least one thing she 'll take to .
if she had spent a single moment getting to know max , it would have been the first thing he 'd have told her .
then i say the stupidest thing i could ever say right now .
i did n't want him to stop , so i said the only thing i could to fuel him on .
` ` dude , i said the same thing . ''
` ` your brother says the same thing only all the freaking time . ''
regan knew it was a stupid thing to say , but she was n't sure how to respond .
` ` if you keep saying those things i ' m going to have to make you a banana cream pie . ''
` ` i do n't need anyone to take care of me , '' her voice rose and i knew i had said the wrong thing .
` ` nancy was the instructor in our class tonight , and that was the first thing she said after we all introduced ourselves . ''
he was a good man and tried his best , but he really did n't know the first thing about being a parent .
` ` but i bet that 's the one thing you wo n't forget . ''
that 's one thing i wo n't forget . ''
that was the last thing i had expected to hear .
` ` and i 'll tell you all one thing , one thing that hits home in this whole conversation .
` ` and i 'll tell you all one thing , one thing that hits home in this whole conversation .
her voice was excited and happy , and i knew that at least i had gotten one thing right .
` ` but get one thing straight , you 're not getting this check until we go to an attorney and get the legal documents signed and taken care of . ''
yeah , it was n't the same thing as him asking to be my boyfriend , but it was just as good .
i joked and the phone went silent as i realized that was the wrong thing to say .
` ` you do n't need to change a thing . ''
` ` i want to know the same thing . ''
i said the only thing i thought would get a reaction from him .
i remember closing my eyes to enjoy the sensations a little bit more intensely , and then the next thing i remember was waking up in this room .
the same thing could n't be said of human beings .
if there was one thing that was true about the martelli brothers , it was that we were n't snitches .
that was one thing i was sure of , my dad would do anything for me .
that was the only thing that played in my mind as i drove home , slowly and carefully .
i could n't tell him about the one thing that still haunted me .
` ` that 's a really unfair thing to say . ''
i was sure she would make a great actress but i ' m sure every other wannabe actress 's family felt the same thing .
daxton had said the very same thing to me .
` ` do you have the entire thing memorized ? ''
it was the only thing i could come up with .
even though i was still annoyed that he would n't trust me with the truth , i wanted to break the tension , so i said the first thing that came to mind .
that was the last thing i 'd expected him to say .
the answer was obvious , but it was the only thing i could think of to say .
had n't i been thinking the same thing a few months before ?
the only thing i was certain of anymore was that no girl had gotten as far as i had , and with each day that passed , the danger grew .
it simply was n't the kind of thing i wanted to tell her until i had no choice .
i opened my mouth , fully intending on saying something intelligent , but the only thing i managed to blurt out was , ` ` he was a virgin ? ''
he walked away and never said a damn thing to me again unless it had something to do with one of his spoiled girlfriends . ''
james glanced at kate , and he must have seen the same thing henry did : that keen sense of loss , as agonizing as it had been for her when she 'd faced the inevitable death of her mother .
my mother had mentioned the same thing , but she 'd never gotten around to explaining it .
had henry experienced the same thing in his chest ?
another thing i was n't crazy about hearing : how powerful the goddess who wanted me dead happened to be .
` ` that 's the nicest thing you ' ve said to me . ''
` ` it wo n't come naturally at f irst , '' she said several minutes later , which was about the most encouraging thing she 'd said so far .
the thing i was n't supposed to see .
the thing he 'd said to persephone , the reason why he 'd bolted from the throne room that afternoon .
that night we 'd spent together in eden manor - aphrodisiac or no , my desire to be with him had been all - consuming , and it was the f irst honest thing i 'd let myself feel since i 'd arrived at the manor .
` ` i thought that was implied with the whole being your wife thing . ''
but at that moment , i only needed to hear one thing .
the moment the words left the tip of my tongue , i knew it was the wrong thing to say , but i could n't take it back now .
ava was doing something no one else could or would for milo right now , and if cronus said the wrong thing , i could n't risk ava leaving the baby alone again .
another visit so soon could only mean one thing : she was saying her goodbyes .
the assassin must have thought the same thing .
it was the closest thing to emotion that she 'd heard in his voice .
it was the last thing he 'd said to john .
he was just recently diagnosed , so i ' m still getting used to the whole thing .
she did n't have the heart to ask one more thing of max .
` ` joanie says the same thing . ''
the look on his face told her he was probably remembering the same thing , and caused a tremor low in her belly .
his daddy 's voice boomed loud again , making max worry that he 'd said the wrong thing .
it 'd be hard to have your best friend accuse you of such a thing . ''
you can accuse me all you want , but you 'll never be able to prove a thing .
it was probably the most honest thing he 'd said so far .
she could have said the same thing .
` ` just tell me one thing , '' she said .
good riddance was the last thing he wanted her to say .
he 'd told holly the same thing in a million different ways .
kayla had never been told any such thing .
she thought the same thing .
` ` just tell me one more thing . ''
but i want you to understand one thing . ''
` ` the ' blood out ' thing did n't bother you ? ''
no one 's thinking any such thing .
he did n't know the first thing about it , but he would ' ve said whatever she needed to hear .
` ` just tell me one thing , '' he said .
that 's the most important thing , the one thing we ca n't lose sight of . ''
` ` that 's the first thing you say to me ?
ducking her head , she covered up with her arms as if she expected that to be the last thing she ever said .
everyone was wondering the same thing .
but ... can i ask you one more thing ? ''
i thought the same thing at first .
this was the last thing she 'd expected .
the last thing he and l.j .
if the good citizens of pineview perceived him as acting too distraught over amber rose 's death , they whispered things like , ` ` he 's got to pick up and go on , for the sake of that little girl .
` ` there 's just one more thing you need to understand . ''
` ` pun intended , '' he muttered , hearing his grandmother 's voice saying the same thing .
or was he thinking that he 'd suspected the same thing ?
` ` she denied the whole thing .
` ` you have n't eaten a damn thing . ''
knowing his father , there might soon be another thing to hide .
she could n't even imagine such a thing .
here she was , echoing her father 's opinion - ironic , since she 'd blasted him for saying the same thing .
there 's no such thing . ''
she 'd somehow managed to get the gag off , and kept saying the same thing , over and over .
the most coherent thing he said was that they were going to get married and live together out here in the wilderness .
most likely no one had ever dared say such a thing to his face , although the villagers , even his own servants , gossiped about his late wife 's many dalliances and anything else that had to do with him or his family .
` ` that 's an easy thing for you to say , '' she replied .
he was hesitant to state the reason , which could mean only one thing .
it was easily the most effusive thing she 'd ever said to him , but he did n't return her smile .
in return , i ask for only one thing . ''
everyone else had to be thinking the same thing .
` ` rachel ... '' he told himself to send her back to her room while he could think straight , but the only thing he got out was her name .
the girl who answered the back door at elspeth 's told rachel essentially the same thing she 'd been told before .
she probably does n't know the first thing about scrubbing toilets and making dinner . ''
she could n't think of a single thing that would be incriminating .
` ` chief stacy said the same thing . ''
` ` yes , but i need you to be aware of the past and how that might make ted and me feel awkward if you ... if you say the wrong thing . ''
` ` i could ask you the same thing , '' she said when she returned her attention to his face .
that 's the first thing i ' ve seen you put in your mouth since you started here .
he 'd said the wrong thing , been too honest .
` ` i just want to know one thing . ''
` ` and i want one more thing . ''
` ` so ... i 'll just tell everyone the same thing i told you . ''
they all had the same thing to lose if she came forward , did n't they ?
the police chief pulled out the chair he 'd commandeered from officer jones , essentially telling her the same thing he 'd just told aaron - have a seat because we 're not finished yet .
and she 'd say she understood completely and hoped the same thing .
she had a hard time believing last night had been very special for him , but it was a nice thing to say .
` ` the last thing cody said to me was that he was going back to make sure she was okay , '' he added .
` ` she ca n't prove a thing , noah . ''
the only thing he could say for sure was that he had n't been able to outrun them , even after he ditched his bike .
well , maybe there was one thing .
when she tilted up her chin , he knew he 'd said the wrong thing .
without leo , levi would not have finished his last tour so he could be honorably discharged - but that was the kindest thing he could say about his father .
she wanted to know the same thing .
cheyenne had been wondering the same thing , but since noah had asked , she did n't have to .
` ` i was just telling callie the same thing . ''
callie glanced at baxter to see if he was hearing the same thing she was .
` ` i hope that 's the right thing to say in a situation like this .
she sensed the same thing he did .
but she knew gail would say the same thing as eve .
` ` that 's a generous thing to say .
would you be saying the same thing if you were dating joe ? ''
he would never want ty to grow up knowing such a terrible thing about bella , the way he had to grow up knowing what his mother did with you . ''
` ` funny , i could say the same thing about you . ''
` ` but before you go , there 's one more thing i want to say . ''
besides , after that summer she 'd never had a nice thing to say about kyle 's stepbrother .
he seemed to sense the same thing , seemed to understand that she was n't capable of dealing with someone like him .
hunter wondered if irene would tell him the same thing .
he 'd set the stage for her to tell him every vile thing she 'd ever seen or heard about madeline 's stepbrother .
but can i say one thing ? ''
they 'll tell you the same thing .
then he might say the wrong thing , fail a lie detector test , unwittingly give away some damning detail .
` ` that was the wrong thing to say , ' thank you , master , ' would be correct .
clay 's teeth flashed as he grinned at her , and she knew she 'd said just the thing to make him relish the challenge .
he kept staring off into space , remembering the expressions that had flitted across allie 's face the night before , and repeating the same thing : forget it .
` ` can i say one thing ? ''
but was n't a truth like that the worst thing a daughter could ever hear ?
it meant she could put one thing right -- and in quick order .
` ` allie -- '' ` ` i just need to know one thing , '' she interrupted .
` ` and it had better be the most honest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` puppy '' came out as if there could be no better thing in the entire world .
` ` sometimes grandma says a little too much , '' he said , although almost everyone in town suspected the same thing .
` ` there are others who think the same thing , '' he said .
` ` there are people in this town who 'd condemn even you for saying such a thing .
` ` i only need to know one thing . ''
` ` mom told me you were seeing kennedy , but i did n't believe it until i heard the same thing from three other people .
` ` finally , you ' ve admitted it , after all the lies ... . '' ` ` i could tell you a thing or two about pretenses , '' clay said .
grace felt kennedy take her hand , knew he was wondering the same thing .
but ... one thing i ' ve learned in law enforcement - anything 's possible . ''
she smiled - she 'd just been thinking the same thing but about a completely different scent .
that was a nice thing to say , to take partial responsibility .
he said the same thing about emily , remember ?
forgoing all the accusations and recriminations that churned in his head , he wrote the one thing that really mattered .
it was the kindest thing lucifer - luther - had ever said to her .
ava had asked the same thing and reacted the same way .
` ` what 's the first thing you remember about that night ? ''
how could my own mother say such a terrible thing ? ''
she 'd thought the same thing many times .
` ` do n't believe a damn thing she says .
` ` pretty much the same thing . ''
` ` but the people you spoke to might tell me the same thing .
if zoe hears about my dad from someone else she 'll wonder why we never mentioned it and wo n't believe a damn thing we say ever again .
he had a comment for every damn thing i said and did , watched every move i made .
` ` tell me one thing , '' cain said .
` ` imagine how upset my father would be if he heard such a thing . ''
if it 's not him , and he finds out there 's someone else who suspects the same thing , it 'll give him even more power . ''
no doubt they 'd say the same thing about the shovel .
it was the last thing she 'd expected to hear .
that strange vision had convinced her of one thing .
` ` i figured the same thing . ''
to him , it 'd be the only thing that makes any sense .
what was that little french thing you said ? ''
showing off like that allowed huff to make me look like some kind of freak , so the whole evidence thing was easier to believe . ''
this was the last thing he wanted to tell skye .
the fact sheridan would say such a thing meant they were already in trouble .
betty and maurice had told her the same thing .
` ` my husband could tell you a thing or two about the great detective . ''
i told the detective who came by here just after they charged him with attacking you , too , hoping it might help establish a history of violence , but ... '' ` ` he probably told you the same thing . ''
sheridan had already asked her the same thing .
she 'd told herself the same thing before she 'd called jennifer .
and you do n't know the first thing about running it . ''
i do n't know the first thing about it . ''
isaac knew he should say i ' m happy for you , or some other such thing , but the words would n't come .
liz looked at him as though he 'd just said the most idiotic thing in the world .
` ` she told me the same thing . ''
and having sex with him was one thing he would never ask .
and the only thing he 'd really tell me about the fight was that sly deserved what he got . ''
she knew in the past kenny and brent had both hoped she and russ would reconcile and thought he 'd probably tell her the same thing .
` ` i called her to ask the same thing , '' she said , absently petting him again .
i know you too well to buy into that stiff - upper - lip thing , reenie . ''
it was the most blatantly truthful thing she 'd ever said to either one of them - and she could tell they knew it when russ 's jaw went slack and patti 's eyes turned into saucers .
the only thing she did n't say was that she felt hollow inside without gabe , and that she 'd recorded his show and watched it again and again late at night after the boys were asleep .
` ` i was cold , '' she said because it was the first thing that popped into her mind .
to think he used to believe the same thing everyone else did ... '' so what 's your take ? ''
i ' ve never heard him say a negative thing about her .
which meant he 'd probably heard the whole thing .
would n't say a thing . ''
` ` just tell me one more thing , '' rebecca said .
` ` it does n't have to change , jon , so long as you remember one thing . ''
` ` that 's a nice thing to say . ''
this was the last thing she 'd expected to hear .
she had a thing or two to say to mary and candace .
rebecca was wondering the same thing .
rebecca was n't sure about a lot of things - why buddy kept putting off their wedding , why she 'd gone home with josh a year ago last summer ( and how she 'd even started dancing with him in the first place ) , why she did n't really fit into her own family .
` ` that 's the first thing you ' ve got to say to me ? ''
` ` damnedest thing i ever saw . ''
` ` a friend of mine said the same thing about himself last night . ''
but once he 'd gotten buddy on the phone , he 'd purposely told him every unappealing thing he could think of to scare the poor guy away from rebecca .
regardless , the past ten minutes had taught him one thing , and he definitely was n't happy about it .
rebecca had n't even heard from him since the night he 'd said all those crazy things , things she was sure he did n't mean in the first place .
rebecca had n't even heard from him since the night he 'd said all those crazy things , things she was sure he did n't mean in the first place .
conner had asked himself the same thing a million times .
you thought i was crazy to come up with the cancer thing , but- '' ` ` you were crazy to come up with the cancer thing , '' delaney argued .
you thought i was crazy to come up with the cancer thing , but- '' ` ` you were crazy to come up with the cancer thing , '' delaney argued .
` ` then , that 's the last thing you 're going to get , '' he said softly and left .
` ` i could say the same thing , '' she said .
` ` have n't seen a woman , but a fella came by 'bout half an hour ago , wanting to know the same thing . ''
all three said the same thing .
` ` what if my parents- '' ` ` they wo n't guess a thing .
he 'd been saying the same thing ever since he 'd left prescott , and that was hours ago - so many he 'd lost track in the fog of panic and preoccupation .
this was the last thing she 'd expected , probably because she was so attracted to jonah she could n't imagine a woman choosing another man over him , let alone another woman .
he was also the closest thing rod had to a grandfather and the only person in bordertown rod stayed in contact with .
but i ' m guessing you 'll ask the border patrol agents the same thing about us , and i ' m hoping they do n't see anything i ' ve said or done as ' unusual , ' either .
but the first thing she thought of when she opened her eyes was what she 'd been thinking about when she fell asleep - her conversation with leonard taylor .
that was the last thing rod had ever expected to say to his father .
she 'd even spoken to him and laughed when the first thing he told her was that his acquaintance who dealt in silencers claimed he had n't sold any to a guy from bordertown .
that was the last thing she 'd expected nate to say .
one thing they believe is that the world is coming to an end very soon .
he said the same thing ethan did .
i - i ca n't remember a thing .
but he told me the same thing as before .
i asked them about martha 's accusations and they said they could n't prove a darn thing . ''
while ethan was tending to his daughter and calling for dominic , the closest thing we - they- '' she corrected as if still not quite sure that she did n't belong ` ` -have to a doctor , sarah or whoever it was shoved me toward the fence , and i ran and ran and ran .
nate remembered rachel telling him that ethan had said the same thing to explain the absence of a brand on his own face .
that 's a very mean - spirited thing to say to a man . ''
so why he 'd said such a thing she had no idea .
i did n't know the first thing about plumbing , but that did n't stop me from nodding .
the last thing you shared was kind of boring - no offense to your sister . ''
haley did the ` ` eye contact '' thing , which led to the ` ` unbalanced '' thing .
and sometimes when her light brown eyes locked on to my dark brown ones , it was like she was reaching a hand all the way into my chest , like she was digging around in there for the most honest thing she could find .
i wished i could tell him to remember every single thing about today .
i can not say the thing i want , because it 's the one thing he ca n't give me , and that would break his heart .
i can not say the thing i want , because it 's the one thing he ca n't give me , and that would break his heart .
there 's no such thing as elves and humans dating .
so i say it , my whammy , my ace in the hole , the one thing an elf can not refuse .
its cadence was weary and dismissive , yet somehow a remarkable amount of warmth and humor underlay the whole thing .
as soon as i say it , i realize it 's the wrong thing to say .
i am about to tell her the whole thing .
just i was thinking the same thing . ''
there really was no such thing as a minor miracle .
i shrugged and shook my head and said the only thing that mattered : ` ` if you just want to go away then any ticket will get you there . ''
joke , but no one said a thing .
so ` ` freedom '' for a girl meant one thing only : freedom to marry , and so that 's what they did .
same thing , the day before sukkoth . ''
it 's the same thing .
and then my date says the best thing that he could possibly say : ` ` it 's okay .
` ` that is ... the most romantic thing that you ' ve ever said to me . ''
they say one thing and mean the other . ''
which is the only thing i ' ve said to any of them this entire time .
and that 's when i know that i ' ve just said the worst thing that i 'll ever say in my entire life .
` ` i was thinking the same thing .
i need you to promise me one thing , bianca . ''
` ` i was thinking the same thing , but why is he here , then ? ''
there 's one thing i think you should know .
one thing i ' ve agonized over telling you .
the reason jakob had given me the day before for not calling the police was almost the same thing that the man had told me on the phone after the fake policeman had entered my house .
` ` please , '' i whispered , ` ` promise me one thing . ''
i do n't like asking for his help - he 's one more person who might tell daddy where i am - but i do n't know the first thing about catching fish .
i do n't know who i 'll see or what i 'll find , but i do know one thing for sure : this has to end .
out of everything in the world , that was the one thing i knew to be completely , unequivocally true .
a thousand thoughts came to mind , each more ridiculous than the last , but there was only one thing i really wanted .
i 'd never seen him at a loss like this before , and it broke every good thing inside me .
love at first sight was the sort of thing aphrodite believed , not me .
but it did get one thing right : apollo was pissed .
` ` i think that 's about the sweetest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
besides , if you figure this out , maybe they 'll forgive you for the whole persephone thing . ''
stupid , stupid , stupid thing to say , insulting her like that in front of everyone , and i quickly added , ` ` i mean - ca n't be that easy , living in the woods by yourself . ''
we walked the rest of the way in tense silence , both undoubtedly contemplating the same thing .
she shook her head , as if that were the most insulting , preposterous thing she 'd ever heard .
his baby face went white , and his mouth opened , but he did n't say a thing .
if we tell them , we could find a way to replace daxton and have a revolution without anyone else dying- '' ` ` there 's no such thing as a bloodless revolution . ''
i could never be kitty doe again , and if he ever had to be prime minister , it would mean only one thing : i had let him and the entire country down , and the blackcoats had lost .
` ` and i do n't owe you a thing .
` ` did n't you say the same thing about me ? ''
the abbess 's cold blue gaze clashes against the chancellor 's tired brown one , and some unspoken thing passes between them .
` ` i suggest no such thing , but it would be unwise for me to voice any suspicions i have without sufficient evidence .
duval 's face creases into a frown as he tries to recall expressing such a thing .
it is but another thing your advisors would keep from you . ''
interesting that the mysterious lord would think such a thing .
i have no fine or fancy words to bring her comfort , so i say the only thing i can .
` ` i thought about faking something , but he stood there and watched me mix the brew himself , asking after each thing i put in .
i can not help but smile , for it is such a practical duval - like thing to say .
the man 's loyalty and determination in the face of such overwhelming odds is the most noble thing i have ever seen .
` ` i do , '' he says slowly , as if reluctant to admit such a thing if it will cause me to tarry at his shop .
of all the things he could have said , that is the one thing that comforts me the most .
of all the things he could have said , that is the one thing that comforts me the most .
for it is such a very ismae - like thing to say .
` ` what makes you say such a thing ? ''
i say the only thing i can think of to comfort her , and in the end , it is not much comfort at all .
then , foolishly , i say the first thing that comes to my mind .
` ` but you can be sure of one thing .
` ` i have one last thing i must share with you .
that is another thing i learned from my true father that night : d'albret is not welcome in death 's realm .
i know - she would never have considered such a thing .
sister beatriz has said no such thing to me , but she has said it to poor loisse .
why do you think such a thing ? ''
for some reason , i feel certain that he smiles , although i can not hear such a thing .
` ` you assume that you deserve mercy , '' i snap , ` ` when i am sure of no such thing .
the thought brings a surprising twist of pain with it - that i learned this only after they were all dead is yet one more thing the abbess has stolen from me .
every single thing i have ever believed about my life is naught but a lie .
nothing , not one thing is true .
as i stare into her hollow , gaunt face , it feels like the first true thing she has said to me in years .
maybe if neal had been smiling when he said that last thing ...
( another thing that had n't changed . )
( was there such a thing ? )
you eat , then you start thinking about the next thing you 're going to eat . ''
and georgie had laughed because only neal would think that was a romantic thing to say .
like the one thing she was n't telling him was the only thing he did n't know about her .
well , first i unplugged my magic phone , then i got into my electric car ... ... ` ` i worked with seth on passing time , '' georgie said - because it was the only true thing that seemed safe to say .
that 's exactly the sort of thing he would n't tell her .
` ` heather , i ' m serious , there 's no such thing as a wrong pizza .
` ` that 's a meaningless thing to say . ''
maybe neal had just said that ` ` enough '' thing because it was on his mind that day , not because of their phone calls .
i want every horrible thing on the table .
i want to say every terrible true thing .
` ` i said the same thing to her . ''
hailey sighed behind me ; she must have been thinking the same thing .
lynn had said she could get him from the nursery for me , i said the same thing to her then that i just did to hailey .
he must have been thinking the same thing because he cupped my chin and tilted my head up to kiss .
yeah , she 's going to be pissed about the brittany thing , but it 's not like you can help it .
it was the first thing i 'd said since he started confessing everything .
i sighed , ` ` one thing .
i gazed into her beautiful eyes and said the only thing that made sense , ` ` because it 's so easy to love you . ''
so the only thing i have to offer is friendship . ''
that kiss told me one thing for sure .
logan started being really sweet , telling me all the things that i needed to hear .
most of all , she 's still holding onto the one thing i do n't think i deserve .
it was a dick thing to say but if he can dish it out he should be able to take it .
i know one thing for sure ; i need to get out of this house .
i ' m here all weekend and i want to enjoy my stay so i say the only thing i can think of to keep things light .
i only want one thing .
i say the first thing that comes to mind , ` ` you 're giving me whiplash . ''
the only thing i can come up with is the mention of his mom .
` ` and do n't you dare leave a single thing out . ''
i was being a selfish ass**le and i deserve every shitty thing that comes my way .
i tell him the same thing i ' ve been saying for weeks .
she 's asked me every day and every day i tell her the same thing .
it seemed like the sort of thing calvin would say .
what an asinine thing to say .
he said , ` ` if there 's one thing you need to know about me , it 's that i do n't bluff .
i glanced at korbie and knew i 'd said the wrong thing , but i did n't care .
he was hitting on me , and it was the most flattering thing that had ever happened to me .
i 'd said the wrong thing .
calvin does n't strike me as the forgiving type - for him , there 's no such thing as a mistake .
no such thing as a mistake ?
i was too busy concentrating on the first thing he 'd said .
` ` one thing 's for sure .
his reaction could only mean one thing .
admirable or not , it was the wrong thing to say .
if i was n't careful , they wandered back in time , to that night under the tree , replaying the secrets jude and i had shared , and other things we 'd shared .
this was , i admit , a strange thing to say on a second date .
and you said , ' i was just thinking the same thing . '
this is it , the moment before you tell me the precise thing i do n't want to know .
but if i ' ve learned one thing , it 's this : it 's not the easy things that let you get to know a person .
i always ordered the same thing : one small pizza , half mushroom and half plain .
to admit one thing is to admit everything .
jael nodded at dred , indicating he wondered the same thing .
` ` i say the third thing is true , '' calypso said .
` ` the last thing ca n't be true , '' calypso said with a shiver .
maybe it was the wrong thing to say , but in his head , he was babbling other words , promises , offers of devotion .
dred guessed he was spelling out the same thing in graceful hand gestures .
in here , good sex is the best thing you can get . ''
how fragging sad - that might be the nicest thing anyone had ever said to him .
jael had no idea why he was so sure , but he believed that dred had n't told tam a damned thing .
` ` the most important thing for you to realize is that burnout is high among special - ed teachers .
it was the least sexy thing a guy had ever said to me , including a junior high squeeze who said my face was n't actually that bad .
it 's the most amazing thing i ' ve ever heard .
for the life of me , i could n't think of a thing to say .
that was n't the same thing .
` ` it 's usually some bullshit about paperwork , permits , did i file this or that , what did the inspector say again , that kind of thing .
` ` i just need to ask one more thing . ''
i was just thinking the same thing . ''
from past experience , i could verify that , and it took some of the sting out of the name thing from earlier .
` ` that 's the best thing i ' ve ever heard .
he 's dying , i thought , and then i wanted to jam a metal spike into the brain that could consider such a thing .
` ` that 's a weird thing to say , lauren . ''
i 'd said the same thing in michigan when i rejected a guy who wanted to date me .
at least i 'd acquired the knack of being around him without going tongue - tied or blurting the first thing that crossed my mind .
he also did n't mock how much i was overreacting to a small embarrassment , but the thing was , it was n't like i did n't know that intellectually - some things just felt so horrible , i could n't do anything else .
that was the last thing i expected to hear .
` ` that 's the best thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
but this stupid story was the only thing i could think of that might keep him from moving forward with what he was about to suggest .
the worst thing about driving tessa green - tea was climbing in and out in heels , plus she was cranky first thing in the morning .
no matter what i try to do , it always comes back to one thing , huh ? ''
of everything i just said , the last thing was the only part i meant .
` ` tell me one thing ... you owe me that .
the thing she said that made the most difference , however , was when she told me , ` ` understand that there 's nothing wrong with you , and that it is n't your fault . ''
teasing answer , last thing he said before the pleasure got away from him .
that was the first thing that popped into my head , but it did n't rouse him .
from the flash in max 's dark eyes , he thought it was a stupid fucking thing to say , and he was already kicking himself , but it was n't like these occasions came with a manual .
which , from max 's death glare , might ' ve been a weird thing to say , but his little brother was fit .
apparently that was the wrong thing to say .
and said the last thing in the world i wanted to .
with a faint twinge , i recalled max saying more or less the same thing .
considering how much he 'd protested when nadia said basically the same thing , that spoke volumes on how much angus loved us all .
that was n't the kind of thing anyone she knew would freely admit .
` ` being with you is the only thing in the world that makes sense , '' max whispered .
maybe because it was the easiest thing to believe .
in fact i think it was the first thing he had ever spoken directly to me .
i thought the same thing all the time , but it was weird hearing him say it in such an empty and hollow tone , like he was missing something crucial .
` ` i came back in one piece physically , not so sure the same thing can be said for my head . ''
it just messes with my already overworked mind when you tell me one thing and then look at me like you want to lick me all over like an ice cream cone in the same breath .
i did n't know the first thing about being pregnant or having a kid , so i figured i better start googling stuff , like yesterday .
` ` sure thing , mom . ''
the last thing i said to him was ' i hope your secret keeps you company for the rest of your life . '
i was doing pretty well with the no - drinking thing .
he wanted one thing from me , to hear that i loved him like he loved me , and i had been unable to do it for him .
the one thing she had been so instrumental in teaching me was that there was nothing wrong with holding out for what you ultimately decided you deserved .
the same thing can be said about your little spitfire .
he did n't look good and it did n't take a medical professional to see that he had lost way too much blood , but those eyes were bright and looking right at me , so i made sure that if it was the last time he saw me , the last thing i ever got to say to him , i would make it matter .
i did n't want to ask ; the worst thing i could think of started chasing through my mind even though she had just had a checkup and come away from it the epitome of good health .
she basically told me the same thing you guys have been trying to tell me all week .
` ` sure thing , my friend .
she had a thing for me back then and apparently thought i was saying really terrible things about her and it left a mark on her .
you make me want to focus on the good , on the memories i have that make me happy , but this clearly does n't mean the same thing to you .
the worst part of the entire thing was n't letting nash go , was n't feeling bad because royal was prettier than me or more alluring - no ... the worst part was how desperately i wanted to believe him .
i knew one thing : if she tried to walk away again i was n't going to just let her go .
of course the first thing that slammed into my brain was the way her black - and - white skirt hugged her backside and h*ps as she leaned over on those crazy tall heels she liked to wear .
her voice was just a husky whisper but it was the sweetest thing i has ever heard .
the other , though ... it was probably the most beautiful thing i have ever seen put on someone 's skin in ink .
maybe that was n't the best thing to say to the na**d woman on my lap but my brain was tired and my c**k was getting hard again .
that was the worst thing to say when salem already looked like she wanted to skin me alive or pack a suitcase and hit the nearest airport .
her words said one thing but her stiff body language and the way she would n't look at me said another .
we can know one thing , rowdy , but our heart holds on to something else . ''
that was the only thing i had ever wanted her to say to me .
can you say the same thing , dad ? ''
i looked at her out of the corner of my eye and told her the only thing i could : ` ` i ' m a lucky man . ''
i had thought the same thing , many , many times , whenever race brought up his incarcerated best friend .
i had heard a lot of things about the way i looked , some more flattering than others , but never had anyone insinuated i looked like i belonged on a farm .
that was the wrong thing to say because his ebony brows slammed down and he gave me another little shake .
i had spent five years thinking that very thing and the only answer i had come up with that was acceptable was , ` ` if it was all just race trying to save me from myself , like he always seemed to be doing , i can understand that . ''
that was the wrong thing to say because bax removed his foot off the other guy and stalked toward the guy who 'd just spoken .
he was the second person today to tell me that exact same thing , only i was n't sure it was n't already too late .
i closed my eyes , and the last thing i heard before i fell asleep was him telling me that amongst all the things he thought that i deserved , someone better than him was at the top of that very long list .
this was the very thing i had been trying so hard to avoid .
` ` i just got the same thing from titus .
anyway , i ' m not saying he was like my property or whatever , but there was this unspoken thing that everyone knew , which was that brandon fitzsimmons and i were sort of with each other when we were n't busy figuring out who else we could be with .
i guess the principal got mad at that later on because he thought the comment encouraged drinking , but it 's the only thing i remember from that whole speech .
` ` oh my god , '' i said , because it was the only thing i could think of .
i miss her and i know it 's a totally hypocritical , pathetic thing to say .
then my mind slipped to the thing i wanted to tell alice franklin .
my offer of her present was simply the first thing that slipped out of my mouth .
but you know the abortion thing is a lie .
when i came home the next morning , mom was waiting up and the first thing she asked me was essentially the same thing .
when i came home the next morning , mom was waiting up and the first thing she asked me was essentially the same thing .
one thing ian has said about me is right .
he 's right about one thing : i cry into my pillow for a long time .
okay , right , so a drug mule has no conscience , but it is n't the same thing .
my mother is my best friend , and the worst thing she 's ever said to me was ` ` i ' m disappointed . ''
` ` you 're big on the no regrets thing . ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing i ' ve learned in the last three years , and that is you need to seize opportunities for happiness when they present themselves to you .
` ` stay home today , '' i suggest , but when she glares at me i realize it 's the wrong thing to say .
` ` the best thing i can say is to follow him around .
kaga had left a message with rose halfway through that he 'd heard good things about suncorp and that the management team was enlightened .
the marriage thing might be a slight exaggeration .
what 's the other thing ? ''
` ` my ticker says the same thing yours does . ''
it 's the wrong thing to say because cecilia reaches out and slaps me across the face with the gun in her hand .
i ' m not sure if it 's the right thing to say , but he looks at me and i feel the slightest bit better .
` ` one thing 's for sure ; you sure as hell are n't from here . ''
is the first thing ayden says when i approach his locker after school .
i ' m not much of a secret keeper , but there is one thing i never tell anyone .
i feel slightly better about the whole dress thing , but at the same time guilty .
` ` this is the third time in the last four months you ' ve barged into my room and said the exact same thing to me . ''
` ` but can i ask you one more thing ? ''
i was n't planning on asking her today , but after the tattoo thing brought up unwanted memories , i need to know for my own sanity .
it 's the last thing my sister said to me that day we were split apart .
plus , when i was on the road with him in the past , there were a lot of fans that said the same thing , even though i was with him .
she 's silent for an eternity , and i worry i ' ve said the wrong thing .
` ` ella , let 's get one thing straight , '' she says , gripping the wheel .
then she rolled over in her bed , and the next thing that popped into my head was , jesus , i can see her nipples through her shirt .
my tongue burns to utter the last words , the thing i ' ve wanted to tell her for almost two years now , but like always , i chicken out .
` ` what was that thing you were saying earlier ? ''
chapter 6 micha i said the wrong damn thing .
i summon a breath , preparing to say what i needed to two weeks ago , the most important thing i will ever say .
it 's the same thing he 's been saying to me since we left the warehouse .
i almost laugh since danni said almost the exact same thing to me just a few hours earlier which makes me feel the slightest bit guilty .
` ` there 's just one more thing i have to ask you . ''
` ` yeah , i guess , '' he says , his mood instantly deflating , and i know i ' ve said the wrong thing .
he asks again and i remember all the times last summer when he asked the same thing .
` ` so i ' m guessing the place he 's living in is n't fancy , if he even lives in a place ... i ' ve already thought of this but i still want to go - i need to know , lea , i need to know what happened to the guy that made me feel things again ... '' she offers me a sympathetic smile as she pushes the car into reverse .
there 's no way that could be going on - no such thing .
his house was actually across the street ... '' i swallow the lump in my throat , preparing myself to say the one thing i 'll always hate saying aloud .
god , what i 'd give to know the right thing to say , something that could take away his pain .
the problem is i know from experience there 's no right thing to say that can take away the pain .
then i feel him swallow hard and he says , ` ` i guess you learned another thing about the old me - that i used to know how to dance . ''
i feel a rush where i think about everything all at once and then suddenly i ' m falling into the darkness and i ca n't remember a single thing .
` ` and i ' m sorry about the kiss thing , but i was going through some stuff . ''
i ' m not even sure why he does , except that he seems to think it 'll teach us a thing or two about how it goes down , just in case we ever do stumble across quinton again .
it was the same thing with landon .
as soon as it leaves my lips , i know i ' ve said the wrong thing .
` ` she only asked one thing of me and i could n't even do that for her . ''
quinton : can i say one more thing and then we can change the subject , because i ' m seriously one step away from falling apart again .
and there were a lot of people who were asking the same thing , especially the children and the grandchildren of the people i killed when i ran the red light .
years of drugs to finally realize one simple thing .
i ' m not sure what else to say and i end up saying the first thing that pops into my head , which seems stupid after i say it .
jesus , that was probably the stupidest thing i could have said .
` ` you bailed so quickly after class i did n't get a chance to discuss that thing we were talking about . ''
` ` i could say the same thing to you , '' i tell him , reaching for the phone in my pocket as it vibrates , but i get distracted by something .
as i slip into my jeans , i think about which thing i ' m going to tell her .
lea 's a lot like me when it comes to being rude to people and i ' m sure the last thing she wanted to do was tell tristan no when he said he wanted to tag along .
he rolls his eyes , like it 's the most absurd thing he 's ever heard .
the truth is there 's a reason why i search for answers in the stars - because it 's the last thing my father ever told me .
her words eat away at me but not as much as the next thing she says .
i know it 's pointless to argue with her , but i get sick of repeatedly hearing the same thing .
i ' ve been dreaming the same thing since the night before it became a memory .
` ` still doing the no guys thing ? ''
` ` because of the no guys ' thing ? ''
it 's the same thing he 's been saying to me since he lost his job and i found out that he had a drug habit that had been going on for well over a year , starting right after mason was born .
when i go to sleep the night after i make the rules with tristan , i tell myself the same thing .
this is the last thing i expected or needed .
it 's probably the first nice thing he 's said to me since i was twelve , and it causes a lump to swell in my throat .
` ` about the thing you texted me last night ?
it 's the last thing i say before a hand slaps over my mouth and an unfamiliar body pushes down on me .
his fingers dig into my skin , his flirty mood shifting to anger - i ' ve said the wrong thing again .
i want to bail , not just from this place , but from this lifestyle , but how do i escape the only thing i know ?
luke and i have yet to even begin to confront the major thing that tore us apart two months ago , so taking off without dealing with that seems like such an impulsive , potentially disastrous thing to do .
but i know i have to keep my mouth shut and say the right thing , otherwise i 'll be busted .
` ` and i was just going to say the same thing about you , until you started flirting with me . ''
the first thing that comes to my mind when i wake up is that i can remember losing it .
if only there was n't that one thing , then maybe we could have something good .
` ` and what 's the second thing ? ''
` ` i bought some skittles , '' she 'd told me as she return to the truck and that was the last thing she said for the last five hours , eventually falling asleep and not even waking up when we arrived at my dad 's house - i had to carry her inside .
ever since the thing about preston was revealed , luke has n't said no to me , which i ' m finding both good and bad .
what i really want to do is kiss him , but i ' m too afraid after what he just said ... with the whole i love you thing .
she frowns at the last thing i say .
she writes one more thing down , then sets the pen and paper aside and focuses on me again .
it almost matches how i ' m feeling , except for maybe one more thing on my part , something i do n't dare utter , not wanting to fuck up and scare the shit out of her again .
i wish a lot of things ... but i guess that 's another thing that i ' ve learned .
i wish a lot of things ... but i guess that 's another thing that i ' ve learned .
i suck in another breath and say the last thing i need to say .
' yeah , i kind of wondered the same thing .
' but it was the closest thing i had to a date . '
it takes me a moment to find my voice , but only because i ' m still shocked about the first thing she said .
me : super great , except for the whole avoid - crazy - mom thing turned into an enter - crazy - shopper thing .
i 'd be offended , but i ' m too distracted by the other thing he said .
' no running here , ' he whispers in a raspy voice i know only means one thing - he wants me .
my head hit the pavement , and the last thing i remember thinking before losing consciousness was that if tara had been a second slower , or if i 'd been any closer to the car , i 'd be dead .
now more than ever , we needed to find out why the tcis were here , because with kann 's death , one thing had become crystal clear .
i set the table for four , and at the last minute , my mom had me add a place setting , which could only mean one of two things .
was there even such a thing as ` ` just a cheerleader '' ?
` ` i have to say , ev , the whole smiling thing really works for you .
i released him , and as he scurried down the hallway , i heard him yell one last thing .
it seemed like the most natural thing in the world coming from her , like she did n't normally roll her eyes at me eight million times a day .
they 're outdated , but they tell us one thing for sure .
is there really such a thing as cheer scout cookies ? ''
it was the first thing one of us had said that was n't ( a ) something that would have had to be bleeped out on most major broadcasting networks , or ( b ) a pitch for our cookies .
i read the look in mrs . camden 's eyes and the expression on brooke 's face and translated them into words , even though neither brooke nor her mother actually said a thing .
` ` same thing you are , '' amelia replied , leaning against my wall .
all things considered , it was probably the nicest thing chip had ever said to me .
` ` you know , the whole ' come to our secret lair in room 117 ' thing . ''
all things considered , that was the nicest thing anyone had said to me all day .
i do n't particularly care to relive that practice , but i 'll tell you one thing : cheerleading is hard , and not just because it should be illegal to be that happy about anything .
unfortunately , the whole ` ` greater good '' thing did n't make walking in blue - green high - heeled boots any easier , and on my way back across the room , i fell flat on my face .
i asked , planning to press the whole ` ` race to the car '' thing .
` ` shay 's not getting within a hundred yards of maddy , '' i said , because that was the only thing i could give her , the only promise i might be able to keep .
coming from someone i 'd just tossed through the air like i was training for the shot put , that was the last thing i 'd expected to hear .
the one thing i was sure about was that if maddy was killing , it was n't because she wanted to .
for a moment , all i could think was that the first time i 'd seen chase , locked in a cage in callum 's basement and half out of his mind with the change , he 'd said the same thing .
combined with maddy 's own body morphing and breaking , the effect must have been excruciating , so much so that i could almost overlook the other thing she 'd just said .
the last thing she said to me , before she started to shift , was five little words .
the only thing he 'd ever asked .
seeing lucas sitting so close to maddy made me imagine her in his shoes , and i knew without probing the edges of her mind that she was thinking the same thing , seeing herself - and the things she 'd survived at the hands of the rabid - in this boy .
` ` you do n't know as in you 're not certain , or you do n't know as in you have no clue why shay might say such a thing ? ''
so instead , i let lake drive me to school and watched maddy stare out the window as we drove , knowing without probing her thoughts that her mind was on lucas - and unable to think of a single thing to say to distract her .
you guys remember that thing we were n't going to tell devon ?
somehow , the word psychic did n't seem to do justice to the whole ` ` burn you while you sleep '' thing , but i did n't see much point in arguing semantics .
i glanced at ali to see if she was thinking the same thing .
that was n't the kind of thing i was wired to take sitting down .
on some level , i 'd felt the same thing when bridget had spoken about caroline .
or at least more scared than they otherwise would have been , given the whole ` ` i was born to hunt '' thing .
` ` so if we ca n't threaten caroline , and we ca n't interrogate her , how are we supposed to get her to say a darn thing ? ''
if watching ali assess the trio the day before had taught me one thing , it was that you did n't need supernatural powers to play off other people 's emotions .
the third thing , i said out loud , since it was the one that might have passed devon 's and lake 's attention .
there 's a thing or two i 'd like to say to the boy , and i believe the psychics want a word as well . ''
the moment the words were out of my mouth , i could feel devon on the other side of the bond , sending an email to the other alphas that said the same thing .
` ` it can wait , '' chase said , and even though i 'd been thinking more or less the same thing , coming from him , it chafed - maybe because i could n't help remembering that he 'd used that same soft , quiet tone to tell me that even if we lost lake , it would be okay .
that was the real tragedy here , the thing that made this whole exercise pointless .
the action - and the frustration that drove it - reminded me that even if he was n't my alpha , callum was my legal guardian , the executor of my estate , and the closest thing i had to a brother , uncle , or mentor , all rolled into one .
unfortunately , devon was the closest thing i had to an ally , and even he would have throttled me if he knew that i was working on a plan to see chase .
he shifted her in his arms and crooned and patted her bottom , speaking to her in a mix of languages i did n't know and could n't understand beyond the fact that once upon a time , he 'd probably said the same thing to me .
on some level , i knew that this was the hardest thing , the worst thing about letting them in - i had no guarantee that i 'd ever be able to get rid of them , because i had no guarantee that i would ever want to .
callum did n't respond in my head , but i knew he 'd gotten the message , because he met me at the front door , and the first thing he said , with a single arch of his eyebrow , was , ` ` do n't tread on you ? ''
that callum had betrayed me , over and over again ; that every day , he 'd let me go on believing one thing when reality was another ?
i , for one , had n't had any intention of telling her a thing .
` ` i ' m not saying a thing , '' the were said as if he could n't figure out how exactly he 'd managed to say as much as he already had .
the only thing our research really told us is that there was a very good chance he 'd attacked a lot of people in a lot of different territories .
mouths were opening , words were being exchanged , and if she could think of the right thing to say , the absolute right thing , then maybe- ` ` remember what the police officers said ? ''
never said the right thing .
even if she always said the wrong thing and sucked at making other people care , she could get better .
she asked for the one thing he did n't want to give her .
ione said , the sensors said- '' nix cut off , and claire could n't think of a single thing that she could say that would n't make things worse .
she kept reading , the familiar words the closest thing she could manage to a lullaby .
faded or solid , today , tomorrow- ` ` yeah , '' nix replied , and for a moment , she pretended he was responding to the thing she had n't asked .
neutral was being ignored and stepped over and having the same thing written in your yearbook every summer .
now the only thing he believed in was standing beside him , her nose crinkled and her hazel eyes opened wide .
claire nibbled on her bottom lip , trying to find the right thing to say - like there was a right thing to say in a situation like this .
claire nibbled on her bottom lip , trying to find the right thing to say - like there was a right thing to say in a situation like this .
under her emphatic declaration , claire 's hand re - entered the fade , and for the millionth time , she was grateful for the amount of time she 'd spent convincing herself of one thing or another , playing games inside her head that made fading and all that went with it a piece of cake .
` ` you 're nothing , '' she said , hating herself for telling them a thing they 'd already heard said too matter - of - factly , too often .
` ` i asked myself the same thing . ''
granted , learning that my sister thought she could knock me up and then steal my baby was a hell of thing to hear . ''
the one thing i was sure of was that i just wanted to be as far away from her as physically possible .
i heard one thing clear .
` ` bells , promise me one thing . ''
after tasting the chicken i was convinced of one thing .
the only thing i was sure of at this point was that i wanted my baby , and i did n't want to have to tell tate .
one thing was for certain as i watched him from afar .
he shook his head and scratched it , as if he was trying to refrain from saying the wrong thing .
once upon a time he was told the same thing as you .
` ` i 'll leave , but only if you let me say one more thing . ''
i headed back the bedroom , the whole time wondering if i was dreaming this whole thing .
you say one thing when i know it 's the opposite .
i smiled , knowing that pretty soon i 'd be saying the same thing .
here lately she 'd been calling more , complaining about the same thing each time .
he chuckled and shook his head , as if my comment were the funniest thing he 'd heard in ages .
he was n't my prince charming after all , because there was n't such a thing .
shalan and i looked at one another , and i think we were both wondering the same thing .
i signed this temporary thing today insuring that i wo n't sign with anyone else . ''
at first they did n't ask me about my trip , but after we ate , and i went outside on the porch , it was the first thing my dad wanted to know .
figuring that i had to explain , i said the first thing that came to mind .
she said that thing about the stars to get you angry .
` ` there 's only one thing that sounds better than that . ''
ty looked at me , and i could tell that he was wondering the same thing .
from the look on his face , i knew he was thinking the same thing as i was .
for eleven years , she 's only known one thing .
obviously , since things like that only entertained me , i ordered as if she 'd not heard a single thing i 'd said to my wife .
saying one thing is different than doing it .
i looked right at her , amazed that after she 'd dissed me in so many ways , she was admitting the only thing i wanted to hear .
i could say one thing and she would think it meant so much more .
it had been weeks , and i had n't heard a single thing from him .
you tell me one last thing and i will say the words .
one thing i always stumbled upon was the question if things happen for a reason .
ty and conner just wait for him to say the wrong thing and they pounce every time . ''
i ' m goin ' to tell you one thing , savanna .
i tell all of my patients the same thing .
if i knew one thing for sure , it was that she loved this family that we belonged to .
telling the child the wrong thing was really going to piss my sister off .
i ' m sure conner is thinking the same thing as you are . ''
chapter 11 amy maybe i had overreacted regarding the whole amber thing .
` ` you say one more thing without me asking and i will cut out your damn tongue . ''
that 's the only thing that i was sure of .
i will never forget the first thing you said to me on that day we met .
memorize the damn thing and throw the paper away .
if i knew my sister the way i thought i did , she freaked out and wrote the first thing that came to her mind , which to ty 's dismay , was about them being over .
` ` there 's just one more thing i came here to tell you , amy . ''
i do n't know why , but the first thing that came to my mind was that he killed heather .
i was thinking the worst thing possible , like he had molested her , or worse .
one thing you need to remember is that you 're not alone and if i have to take you and my baby to kentucky or any other state to be safe , i will .
with savanna sitting on my lap and feeling her ass grinding into me , the last thing i wanted to hear was that we were going to have a child sleeping between us .
` ` savanna , why would you say such a thing ? ''
i looked to miranda and wondered if she was thinking the same thing as me .
of course , the first thing that came to mind for me was the abc party that brought miranda and i together .
to make matters twenty times worse , i was still keeping something from her ; something that could be construed as the wrong thing .
` ` one thing i am sure of , is my love for you .
the last thing i said to him was that i hated him .
ty was being serious and i was laughing at him , but the next thing he said stopped my laughter immediately .
after ty 's kisses and him going down on me , the last thing i wanted to do was stop , but our boys were awake and they needed to be fed .
our family had come along way and i knew that was the last thing they wanted to hear .
after taking a deep breath and thinking about what would be the best thing to say , i sat down beside him .
probably not the best thing to tell a little boy , but he was very overwhelmed .
she held her hand out for ty and they walked into the house without saying another thing to him .
the first thing he said was ' ba ba ' , a word he used for his bottle .
and that there was the most beautiful thing i had ever heard in my entire life .
` ` just tell me one thing .
you told me the same thing for years .
` ` what you said to bella was the single most beautiful thing i have ever heard in my entire life .
always saying the right thing .
i mean , the last thing he remembered was being in an accident i reckon ' .
you need to know one thing first .
once i had told you one thing i could n't go back and tell you something different .
i was sure about one thing .
the last thing i said to colt was how i was n't going to go home with him .
as i hurried toward the door i heard her saying one last thing to me .
i had to change the subject , so i said the first thing that came to mind .
i did n't have a nice thing that i could say to him , and i think he knew it .
that was the thing that i talked about when i met with my doctor .
the first thing he said to me was that he was n't here to cause us problems .
you say one thing , but that heart of yours will never let him go . ''
` ` then i just need to know one thing . ''
i was positive about one thing .
he seemed weird but never said a thing .
that was the only thing i was completely positive about .
then i said the first thing that popped into my head .
i could n't explain the things were running through my mind , but i knew i had to get her out of my place so i could figure things out alone .
` ` you say one thing , but you mean somethin ' entirely different . ''
even she was wondering the same thing .
i leaned my back against the couch and covered my face while i thought of the logical thing to say .
one thing i was certain of though .
my keys were the first thing that i tossed across the room .
it was the last thing i wanted to hear after what she 'd put me through , playing her head games .
hell , i did n't even know the first thing about relationships or making them work .
how was i going to be able to keep her around if i did n't know the first thing about being in a relationship .
look , for a while i thought the same thing .
it pained me , having her touch me and care about me when the last thing i 'd said to her was to go away .
` ` well , there is one last thing you need to know before i move further . ''
i do n't know the first thing about taking care of a kid or running a bar . ''
` ` charlie , can you say one kind thing ?
jammer put the same thing on his and leaned across from me , eating while he stood .
charlie and i are friends and there ai n't a damn thing you could say to me to make me change my mind about that . ''
on top of hiding my identity from charlie , now there was this whole other thing that i had to tell her .
` ` mom , i do n't know the first thing about being in a relationship .
i listened to it several times , hearing every awful thing she thought about me .
` ` oh my god , that is the sweetest thing i have ever heard . ''
the pastor from where i 'd lived before had offered me the same thing .
after both times , there was only one thing that i knew for sure .
one thing that i was sure of was that she was n't going to back down .
anyway , the reason i am telling you this is because , right before she died , i said the same thing .
before standing up and leaving , with no more answers than when i had first got there , i needed to say one more thing .
` ` i 'll get to that , but i just have to know one thing .
i was hurting , but she was feeling the same thing , maybe even more .
i knew that it was easy to tell someone one thing and want another .
` ` that 's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me .
i tried to think of the right thing to say , but nothing came to me .
so much had happened and the only thing that came to my mind was sky .
it was hard to keep looking him in the eyes when i said the next thing .
when i looked at ford i knew one thing for sure ; he may not have said those words , but i was positive he felt that same way about me too .
there was only one thing i was sure of , and that was the fact that i wanted a future with sky .
i started to grab my purse , but realized there was one more thing i needed to tell him .
there was one thing i needed to know before he left .
the couple looked at each other and i could tell they were thinking the same thing .
i tried to reassure her , but simply could n't find the right thing to say .
i stood up and looked over at peyton , standing there wondering the same thing about the girl with the jersey accent .
it was a good thing knowing that he did n't expect things out of me .
you do n't know the first damn thing about love . ''
this time i knew what i wanted , and one thing i 'd never do again was take her for granted .
the only thing i heard was that i was going to be spending the whole morning with my brother and my dad , the two people that i resented the most for my poor choices .
i did n't know how good it was , but it sure as hell was the right thing to say to him .
since parker continued to torture me , i said the first thing that came to mind .
he 'd told me the same thing , and although it had gotten uncomfortable , he 'd kept his promise .
while the people in the room celebrated the birth of this new addition , i struggled with keeping the last thing i ate down .
i do n't know the first thing about raisin ' a kid , but i do know that ever since i found out last night , i ' ve felt like i had to protect it .
that was pretty much the same thing that i was thinking .
that was just about the last thing that i 'd expected him to say .
the next several paragraphs were pretty much the same thing that professor metis had recapped for us in myth - history class , so i skimmed over those .
every other thing i said seemed to offend the valkyrie .
even if maybe i could n't say the same thing about the nemean prowler .
of course , it was also more or less the same thing that my grandma frost had told me , but at least i knew she meant it .
morgan had said the same thing about jasmine , that that 's what jasmine would have wanted everyone to do after her death .
while i would have loved nothing more than to run away , find professor metis , and tell her every twisted thing that was going on , i knew that if i did , jasmine would kill morgan and finish whatever bizarre ritual she 'd started .
` ` tell me one thing : why did n't you kill me that night in the library when you had the chance ?
that 's the same thing you ' ve been saying for an hour now , gwen .
when i was finished , metis cal ed coach ajax into the room and made me repeat the whole thing over again to him .
her voice grew raspier , and her words more incoherent , until the only thing she muttered was ` ` gwen , gwen , i love you , gwen ...
part of me would always want that , but it was n't meant to be - and that was the hardest thing of all to accept .
i wondered if what grandma frost had said to logan had something to do with that memory , if maybe she 'd figured out what secret he was keeping from me , the terrible thing he thought would change the way i felt about him .
i thought about my mom and how she 'd told me the same thing .
` ` i recall no such thing .
and now , it was time for the most difficult part , the thing i 'd been dreading telling him for weeks now .
by the awful thing that had happened to logan 's family and by the awful things he 'd said to me .
but the diary did tell me one thing about my mom : she liked to doodle .
basically , though , the professor had told me the same thing my grandma frost had a while back - that my magic would keep getting stronger and keep growing and that i 'd be able to do more and more things with it .
` ` you forgot one thing , pumpkin - i used to be nike 's champion , too . ''
finding out what he was so afraid to tell me , the deep , dark thing he thought would change my feelings for him .
` ` what was with the whole creepy voice thing ? ''
nike had said the same thing , except she 'd added that a champion 's blood had power - enormous power - since that person had been chosen by a god .
` ` one ... more thing ... '' the god looked down at me , and once more , i felt the full force of his hate , burning into me like i was standing on the surface of the sun .
that was the last thing i 'd expected him to say , and i turned to stare at him .
` ` and now , for the last thing i wanted to say to you tonight .
remember that , because it 's the most important thing i 'll ever tell you .
vivian had said the same thing to me back in the mansion , but hearing it from nike made it sound even more impossible than before .
sure , the protectorate had said that i was under arrest , that i was going to be put on trial , but i had no illusions that meant the same thing at mythos as it did in the regular mortal realm .
i did n't want him to pipe up and say the wrong thing at my trial and risk the protectorate taking him away from me .
metis and nike had said more or less the same thing to me before , but the words seemed strange coming out of agrona 's mouth , almost like she did n't really believe them .
the same thing went for alexei and the other guards .
` ` it 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
still , i held on to the book , straining to see every last thing icould - including the reaper 's real identity .
i glanced at the valkyrie , and the hard set of her mouth told me she was thinking the same thing .
metis 's cold , agonizing dread that she would n't be able to save nickamedes mixed with a warm , soft , fizzy feeling that could only mean one thing - love .
i was wondering the same thing about him .
` ` i know a spartan guy who would say the exact same thing if he were here .
` ` i could ask you the same thing , '' rory said .
i did n't answer him , but my eyes met oliver 's , and i could tell he was thinking about the same thing i was - the drawing he 'd done for me of all the artifacts , people , and creatures that nike had shown me .
i was n't telling him anything - not one damn thing .
` ` your mom said the same thing to me so many times . ''
i was n't particularly hungry this morning , so i 'd grabbed the first thing i 'd come to on the breakfast line that looked like regular food - peach belgian waffles .
what exactly did you say to the ... the ... the thing that had defined so much of your life ?
` ` at least you did one thing right , miss frost . ''
` ` because you forgot one thing , viv , '' i snarled .
remember that because it 's the most important thing i 'll ever tell you .
it was the only thing i had left to my name .
his first texts were the same thing he 'd sent almost every day .
the only thing i was sure of was that i could n't deny how much i wanted to be close to her .
his mouth was saying one thing , but his eyes were in a different place .
i leaned into his words , hanging onto to every single thing that came from his mouth .
i felt so horrible about the whole thing that i insisted she come up to my room and get cleaned up .
i could see how the evidence said one thing , while the real truth was buried .
was the first thing out of his mouth .
hope was on edge and i felt like if i spoke i would say the wrong thing .
the only thing hope had been sure of was how much she hated school .
` ` i suck because i say the right thing ?
i never hesitated when i said it , because it was the one thing i never doubted .
one thing i 'd never want was for him to have been with me out of pity .
after twenty - four hours i was sure about one thing .
one thing i wished i could do was tell her how much i loved her .
chapter 26 ethan there was only one thing running through my mind during my drive to the library parking lot .
` ` nah , one thing i learned is that the people here take golf seriously .
` ` this is the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
and how was that the sexiest thing she 'd ever experienced in her life ?
` ` why would you think such a thing ?
he said the exact thing she would ' ve bet he 'd come up with no matter what the situation was .
it was the most honest , romantic , sexy damn thing any man had ever said to her .
that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
the fact that they ' ve unchained me and are letting me walk out with this smooth - talking american who sticks out like a sore thumb can mean only one thing : he 's bought me .
` ` do not raise your voice to her or it will be the last thing you say , '' i hear nick threaten .
resisting the urge to pull my hand away , i whisper in his ear , ` ` need one more thing from you before i leave . ''
i ' m shocked at his words , that he can turn the whole ` ` trust '' thing around on me and still make me wince after all this .
this strikes me as an odd thing to say .
one thing that everyone up here agrees upon is that those that are pele - blessed shall pass through untouched .
a few things click into place , my brain suddenly making sense of things .
a few things click into place , my brain suddenly making sense of things .
but all that show only means one thing : this guy must be a bad shot .
apparently that had n't been a comforting thing to say .
she 'd been kidding about the ` ` cute '' thing .
` ` i came to ask you the same thing . ''
and i was sort of thrown off by the whole him - eating - me thing . ''
` ` would n't humans say the same thing about us ? ''
is that a weird thing to say ? ''
` ` sure thing , '' he said , pointing to the table .
one positive and a negative ... kind of thing . ''
but what i feel for this one is the most powerful thing i ' ve ever in my life felt .
` ` you ' ve said every bad thing you could think of and then some , '' i remind her .
just tell me one thing ... '' i ' m assaulted by my pain as other memories keep piling up in my brain .
i remember every single thing he 's done for me .
all along , he has known every good and bad thing about me , and still he looks at me like i ' m the most precious diamond of diamonds .
the last thing he 'd said to me was that he loved me .
` ` your lips say one thing but the rest of you screams the opposite . ''
no such thing as love , remember that .
at least , no such thing as a woman 's love . ''
no such thing as love ... ` ` i ' m a rockstar , dad , '' i say , the words bitter in my mouth .
it 's the truest thing i know about me .
` ` the only other thing i ever recall ed saying about the tallentyre women was that vella had a downright obsessive fear of fire .
but i want to make one thing very clear .
no such thing as a hundred percent with that kind of thing . ''
` ` sure thing , martin , '' she said , amazed by how cool and controlled she sounded .
but there is one thing you should know before you do this . ''
that 's the one thing i do not want to hear .
` ` there is no such thing as a simple yes or no when it comes to sex , '' he said .
i call it the there 's no such thing as a perfect family game .
one lousy name , that was the only thing i ever asked of him .
no one said a thing .
okay , so it had been an odd thing to say , given that she had just flown all the way from san francisco .
` ` but there 's such a thing as too much of a good thing , '' he added before she could say a word .
` ` it 's a terrible thing to say but part of me felt a sense of relief when they told me what had happened .
` ` one thing 's for sure , you 're not spending the next few nights here at the desert dawn . ''
` ` i do n't know who killed brad but i 'll tell you one thing . ''
` ` i want to make one thing very clear , '' myra said .
` ` we do know one thing about her for sure . ''
i 'll tell you one thing , though . ''
there was no such thing as telepathy or mind reading .
` ` but if they find our bodies in here tomorrow morning , the first thing everyone is going to ask is what were we doing in the steam room after hours .
` ` one thing i do n't understand , '' archer said .
` ` we know one thing for sure , '' deke said .
she 'd been telling herself the same thing .
` ` i will tell you one thing , '' she said smoothly .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , deke , i do n't think i 'll ever get married .
what would that one thing be ? ''
and maybe a nice green salad made with romaine lettuce and some of those little crouton things .
` ` but i can tell you one thing , he sure as hell is n't trying to hide .
` ` one thing you can say about stovall .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , '' leonora said .
no such thing as a ghost in a mirror .
you ca n't prove a damn thing . ''
one thing was now blazingly clear .
` ` one thing i ' ve learned in the consulting business .
` ` one thing 's for sure , '' judson said .
according to sam , the one thing he learned from the experience is that gideon is brilliant with pec technology . ''
` ` that is a terribly tacky thing to say . ''
one thing we know for sure . ''
` ` i have to tell you that knowing that you 're almost positive you know what we 're doing here is not the most reassuring thing you could say under the circumstances .
` ` the same thing had occurred to me .
` ` there is one thing i 'd like to know , miss frazier . ''
she got the feeling that the accusation was the last thing he had expected .
` ` that 's not exactly the most reassuring thing you could have said .
the first thing that comes to mind is that you were targeted for an experiment of some kind . ''
if hulsey did not know about the blackouts , it could only mean one thing : the watchers jack had frightened into looking the other way when he had gone sleepwalking had never seen him .
they 'd said the same thing about colby savagar .
` ` sometimes the best thing you can say about being a father is that you survived and so did the kid .
was she going to ignore the whole thing ?
i do n't know the first thing about having a baby . ''
` ` but i 'll tell you one thing , if that dog gets sick in this car , you 're going to have to explain it to brandon . ''
colby smiled reassuringly and said the first thing he could think of that might distract her .
` ` i ' m not gon na tell you a damned thing , savagar .
or would they stick to the whole ` ` no violence on the premises thing '' and stay the hell away ?
` ` i just want to know one thing , '' sheriff kaminski kept his voice low .
` ` same thing you are , '' he said very smoothly .
` ` one thing i ' ve learned in the past eight years : never say never . ''
` ` you 're thinking the same thing . ''
` ` one other thing you should know . ''
that 's another thing i ' ve learned over the years .
` ` i 'll say one thing about you and rafe madison , '' pamela murmured .
` ` i just want to know one thing , '' he said .
` ` well , i 'll tell you one thing , '' she said .
he knew they were both thinking the same thing .
either way , it all comes down to the same thing .
` ` tell you one thing , '' he said over his shoulder as he strode toward the waiting suv .
` ` one thing 's for certain . ''
` ` i told myself the same thing about you . ''
i once told him the same thing . ''
` ` there is no such thing as a one hundred percent perfect match .
` ` one thing you should know about me . ''
` ` one thing 's for sure , '' he said finally .
' never look back ' is about the closest thing we madisons have to a family motto . ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , those of us up at the institute ca n't wait until they get dreamscape open .
i taught gabriel madison many things , but there is one thing i did not teach him . ''
` ` he was the closest thing i had to a mentor . ''
until rafe and hannah got dreamscape open , it was the closest thing to fine dining that eclipse bay could offer .
` ` i told him the same thing that i told my mother today when she asked me about our relationship . ''
` ` you ca n't prove a damn thing , do you hear me ? ''
tell you one thing , nick better behave himself with her . ''
they said the same thing at the post office and in the hardware store .
he was pretty sure they were both thinking the same thing he was thinking .
` ` i ' ve heard about the always being prepared thing . ''
the only thing i can say in her defense was that she came to regret a lot of the damage she caused .
` ` one more thing i wanted to say . ''
i ' ve heard the same thing and i ' m trying to find out who started that rumor .
` ` by the way , '' he added , lowering his voice , ` ` there is one more thing i wanted to tell you . ''
` ` one more thing i wanted to tell you before you run off , '' he said quietly .
her lips trembled and she said the first thing that popped into her mind .
he was really pushing the whole run - away - with - me thing .
that was the scariest thing i had seen in a long time .
he was focused on me , as if i was about to tell him the most intriguing thing in the world and he was prepared to absorb every word .
` ` it 's not a threat , it 's just a thing people say . ''
` ` that is an outrageous thing to say .
` ` but it comes from the same experts who do n't believe there 's any such thing as a level five lucid dream , right ? ''
she responded with a soft , urgent little sound that just had to be the most erotic thing he had ever heard in his entire life .
that was a real sexy thing to say , she thought .
` ` how can you say such a thing ? ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing .
hell , he figured the same thing .
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i told them .
` ` such as discovering you just hired someone who does n't know the first thing about something as basic to a good kitchen as olive oil ! ''
` ` that 's a stupid thing to say .
` ` that 's a hell of a thing to say .
i ' ve often thought the same thing . ''
` ` i 'll say one thing for the lifestyle you chose , you ' ve picked up some useful pointers on human nature and motivations . ''
what a thing to say !
the one thing that was clear is that she 's concerned for caitlin .
` ` the most important thing emerson learned is that whoever that guy was who attacked us with the cannon , he was n't sent by reginald c .
jonas saw the spasm of sympathy that crossed verity 's face before she narrowed her eyes and asked coldly , ` ` tell me one thing , caitlin .
what a nasty thing to say .
` ` i do n't know , but i can tell you one thing : sara did some very careful planning , and she did it fast . ''
` ` one thing is for sure .
one thing 's for sure : everyone with a vested interest in the merger wants it to go through - except warner .
the only thing i can tell you is that whoever they were , they did n't live here in summer river .
but the big thing you learned sooner or later about tristan brinker was that there was always a price to pay for the privilege of being on his a - list . ''
` ` sure thing , '' lucy said .
but i can tell you one thing , i do n't have any trouble believing that he was the scorecard rapist . ''
u.s . companies operating abroad often do n't know the first thing about doing business in a foreign country , especially an asian or southeast asian country .
` ` i ' ve wondered the same thing , '' he murmured with a trace of amusement in his voice .
last night did n't prove a damn thing one way or the other .
` ` but , judd , i ca n't prove a thing !
that 's an odd thing to say , is n't it ?
` ` what a terrible thing to say .
` ` i 'll say one thing for you easterners , you never stop dealing . ''
` ` the same thing i call it now .
` ` let 's get one thing understood here , not that it 's going to do me any good to explain it .
the first thing that came to mind was the memory of the four black stones that were piled in the safehold .
` ` i never said any such thing ! ''
` ` get one thing straight , cidra .
` ` same thing i ' m telling you .
he said the first thing that came into his head .
` ` not the sort of thing i ' m likely to forget . ''
` ` the one thing i know for sure about last night is that it does not involve a conspiracy . ''
` ` you ca n't prove a damn thing .
how could you believe such a thing ? ''
there 's no such thing as telepathy . ''
he would n't regret a darn thing .
` ` sure thing , '' she said , her cheeks flushed .
the other thing my therapist told me ? ''
he was charming and the look in his eyes changed while saying sweet things .
i demanded , although that was probably the stupidest thing i could ' ve said .
the one thing i did n't want was to stand there , by myself , in the dark .
mr . anderson must ' ve been thinking the same thing because he said , you can hear how broken she was by the end .
there was no such thing as good pain .
not like she was having fun but more of a sick , hurt , whatthe - hell - is - going - on moan : the kind of thing i 'd heard on the ward from kids who could n't get the voices in their head to stop torturing them .
because the other problem was how could i tell him that it was n't a question of just one thing ?
my e - mail account was open , my laptop softly humming to itself - and i could n't think of a thing to say .
i thought about how mr . anderson might be listening to the same thing at this very moment .
when my alarm went off and classical music swelled , the first thing i thought was : this is our last day .
but let me tell you one more thing before you go .
the newspeople were getting the suicide thing from one of danielle 's friends - i recognized her from school - who said that danielle had talked about maybe not coming back after thanksgiving .
` ` i do n't have to do a damn thing you say , thank you very much . ''
` ` no such thing .
when he turned to kayla and looked at her with the unmistakable intention to reenact the make - out session from a few moments ago , she blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
` ` i ' m right there with you on the lack of relationships thing .
that was such a sweet thing to say that she could n't resist him anymore .
` ` oh , so now you 're on board with the not talking thing ? ''
he was even super - hot first thing in the morning .
was he thinking the same thing ?
he knew full well that her father might be angry hearing such a thing .
` ` i said the only thing i could .
he was awful ... but it was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever heard .
she might not know who she was - but in this moment , rebecca knew one thing without a doubt .
` ` yes , you did , because you do n't damned well listen to a thing anyone else says . ''
i just want to make sure we 're clear on one thing .
richard will tell you the same thing . ''
it still said the same thing .
` ` funny , had you asked me that before i 'd married elvei , i would ' ve told you the same thing .
she had said the same thing to him when he tried to dissuade her from going with him .
he 'd clearly said the wrong thing .
` ` that 's a cold thing to say . ''
she leaned over to the other lady , and she said , ' i bet i could teach him a thing or two . '
charlotte could n't tell if she had said the right thing or the wrong thing .
charlotte could n't tell if she had said the right thing or the wrong thing .
robbed of that , the she - wolf in her wanted the nearest thing to it .
the only thing she could think of was , ` ` you are all so kind to me . ''
` ` ungh '' was the only thing that came out of her mouth .
he said all the right things and employed all the right touches , and yet here they were in the exact same place they had been the moment they 'd met .
audrey made a big show of hugging first george , then jack , whispering the same thing into their ears , ` ` get ready to run . ''
hopefully george would catch on to his bluff , and the next thing out of his mouth would n't be , ` ` i already told you that you ca n't use them because you do n't have the right magic . ''
` ` sure thing , friend .
you do n't want to say the wrong thing to the wrong person . ''
ainsley was n't a stoic enough scots to accept such a thing .
` ` not the most complimentary thing to tell a young woman who 's condescended to dance with you . ''
you know a thing or two . ''
` ` a sad thing to say , but probably true .
it was the hardest thing he 'd ever said .
` ` all say the same thing .
now if a man came on to her , the first thing that went through her mind was what did he really want ?
he did n't know the first thing about her and did n't give a damn about her family .
` ` sure thing , '' zeke said .
` ` i just want to know one thing , '' cerise said .
that had to be the craziest thing he 'd heard .
apparently , he 'd said the wrong thing , but william really did n't care .
` ` not the same thing at all .
` ` why keep such a thing to yourself ? ''
` ` scariest thing i ' ve ever done . ''
because the healing magic thing is all bullshit ? ''
coupled with her mother 's reputation , that could mean only one thing : rose was n't her father 's daughter .
there were a dozen things rose could say - about sarah , who now refused to recognize leanne ; about leanne 's husband , beau ogletree , who had taken off to adventures unknown ; about leanne 's dad , who just last sunday got so hammered he puked his guts out right on the steps of the church , scandalizing all local edger christians forever .
` ` let 's get this one thing completely clear .
she did n't , but that seemed like the right thing to say .
i was twelve years old , and at the time i thought it was a remarkably asinine thing to say . ''
cassidy had said much the same thing .
you ca n't tell me your body clock is n't telling you the same thing .
diego clicked off in the middle of xav 's startled , ` ` sure thing . ''
` ` not the same thing , cass . ''
` ` sure thing , '' xavier said .
nobody said a thing .
` ` am i supposed to say the thing ? ''
stupid thing to say .
another thing tiger did n't understand .
beth carried the newspaper to better light at the window , but the tiny print said the same thing .
` ` we can hardly expect him to remember such a thing .
ian had thought the same thing .
a person has to tell me a thing plainly . ''
` ` that 's a monstrous thing to say . ''
not the most diplomatic thing to say , beth thought , but she 'd lost control of her words .
what a damn fool thing to say .
for one thing , every word of the damn thing was seared into his memory .
` ` just tell me one thing , '' mac said .
mrs . yardley had told him much the same thing .
cameron relaxed , as though ainsley had said the right thing .
` ` i hope you damn well do n't whisper such things to any other man , especially not in that sweet voice . ''
ian said what he thought , not the expected or polite thing .
his voice was the last thing she remembered as she succumbed to pain , then numbness .
fellows could n't think of a thing to say .
the pinched look around her mouth told hart that this was the wrong thing to say .
` ` not the same thing , '' hart said .
very well , i concede that such a thing sounds worse than people expecting me to hide in shame and knit socks for the rest of my life . ''
his mind gave him back the next thing , the bliss of juliana 's heat , her touch , the scent of her surrounding him .
` ` no , the thing i do not want to have to tell you is that we have a thief . ''
` ` it amounts to the same thing .
one thing shone in crystal clarity .
ainsley had said much the same thing .
i called stefan down and catalogued the vault , item by item , and had him sign the whole thing as a witness .
wrong , wrong thing to say .
that was one thing i could honestly say about the atlanta boudas : the men always understood the difference between no and maybe .
then call jim and tell him the same thing .
if she said the wrong thing or , worse , decided to track me down and rescue me , the order would dig up her past .
not the best thing to say in front of a constable and a solicitor . ''
` ` you know , lass , i think that 's the sincerest thing you ' ve said all night . ''
` ` to me , happy and settled are not the same thing .
she did n't have to make up things to please people - every line on the palm meant something , as did the number of lines , the way they crossed and where , and where they were broken .
violet could n't remember a thing the man had just said .
` ` the one thing he stated in all that was the most interesting bit : names are not important .
violet had refused all simon 's pleas that she return to the hotel to wait for daniel , because one thing violet had learned about jacobi was that he was a snake .
` ` you say every different sort of thing at once , do n't you ?
what a horrible thing to tell a child !
` ` jim , what 's the first thing you said to me when i asked you to describe the strange woman ?
the only thing harder to believe was that dad even wanted him there in the first place .
but she also knew that to say those things would be to seem as bullheaded and stubborn and hasty as the person who was driving him off in the first place , and because she was determined to seem different - to be different - she closed her hands into little fists at her side and bit the side of her lip and waited for him to go on .
she 'd offered him so little , and even now , as she walked around to the other side of the car and slipped inside , she still could n't bring herself to say the one thing that might fix all this , at once an apology and a wish : stay .
` ` sure thing , '' mom whispered as she pulled back .
he asked , but her expression changed , the smile slipping away , and he realized he 'd said the wrong thing .
but the only thing they really wanted - the only thing they 'd ever really wanted - was for him to go to college .
it was the only thing she needed to know .
` ` this is n't the same thing .
that 's not the same thing . ''
i ' m sure graham larkin would say the same thing . ''
the only thing she was thinking was , ca n't you see ?
` ` it 's just that mom said the exact same thing . ''
` ` she 's a smart lady , your mom , '' he says , and the way he says it - without a trace of irony , without one ounce of self - awareness - makes hadley say the one thing she 's spent more than a year trying not to say aloud .
` ` do n't worry , my dad will be down to tell me the same thing soon enough . ''
` ` yeah , i mean , what 's the worst thing you can say to someone who is n't on some beautiful beach with you ? ''
he could n't let go of the worry that the night had n't meant the same thing to her .
` ` the whole ' wish you were here ' thing . ''
it was a stupid , childish thing to say , but she could n't help herself .
it was n't until she was home that night that she finally wrote something , the simplest and truest thing she could think to say : wish you were here .
the logical thing would be to e - mail him , but how could she ask for his address without saying all those things that had been building up since their fight : hello and i ' m sorry and i did n't mean it and i miss you and why could n't you just have kissed me ?
even before he flipped it over to find the note , he was thinking the very same thing : that he wished more than anything that she was here , too .
as she walked upstairs , the words multiplied with each step - there was suddenly so much to say ! -and she realized she 'd been carrying them with her even longer than that , at least since san francisco , but maybe even since edinburgh or new york , and she hurried up the last few steps , ready to set them down , one by one , across a blank screen , to say the honest thing , the truest words she could find : that even though she 'd been the one stuck inside that elevator , all she 'd been able to think about was him walking around outside of it ; that it was n't her heart she was worrying about - it was his .
later , when they 'd said almost everything else , the only thing left was good - bye .
as she set her phone on the bedside table , she realized there was only one thing she had n't told him : that she did n't actually have any plans to be in new york .
` ` and then we 'll have to go home , '' he said eventually , because it was the truth , and after everything they 'd been through , it was the only thing he could give her .
and maybe it was time to accept one thing about this whole mess .
hell , if i was smart , i 'd see the one thing that was staring me right in the f**king face , even if i was too selfish to admit it .
i could n't say the same thing anymore .
i was n't sure he would either , but i knew one thing : he might never get back to normal , but he would get better .
i was n't accepting a damn thing he told me .
` ` funny , i heard you said the same thing to riley the other day when he left . ''
but tell me one thing , ginger , '' i said , emphasizing the nickname in the same sarcastic way she 'd done to me .
and maybe this whole date thing was a horrible idea , '' she agreed , her voice shaking .
the first thing your father is going to say when he finds out about us - once he 's done pounding me into the dirt , that is - is that i ' m not good enough for you .
it 's the first thing i thought of when i met you - that the sun was brighter and shiny and good . ''
not a smile , but the closest thing i ' ve ever seen from him that was n't directed toward his family .
i scrambled for something to say and blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
` ` i could tell you the same thing , '' she said , cocking her brow in a perfect imitation of me .
the only thing that would make me feel better was finn , and he was gone .
you do n't need to say another thing .
` ` that 's a really shitty thing to say , '' i snapped , heading toward the doors .
` ` that was a pretty adorkable thing to say . ''
i did n't know if he meant for dinner , as a possible new werewolf , or some other cryptic thing .
you remember the last thing szilagyi said before he detonated that explosion ? ''
i wanted to lash maximus with all the voltage i had in me for saying such an awful thing that could n't - could n't !
` ` make sure you get her gloves '' was the last thing i heard before everything went dark .
while it was the last thing my father wanted to hear , it was also the truth .
a google search would reveal the same thing .
now that he mentioned it , marty had told me the same thing years ago when i first asked him about his species .
if there was one thing i 'd learned , it was that panicking never helped anyone .
his voice was almost guttural , and the next thing he muttered was n't in english .
she could sleep in as late as she wanted to today , and even her exacting boss would n't have a thing to say about it .
what was one more thing to erase from her mind ?
what possessed him even to think such a thing ?
one thing would make him feel better , and it had nothing to do with basking underwater .
though if she listened to her instincts now , they 'd keep repeating the same thing that had nagged at her the past several days - that she 'd lost something important when mencheres disappeared into the night .
bones knew that mencheres 's visions of the future were gone , but mencheres had n't told his co - ruler that the one thing he did see ahead of him was darkness .
` ` i ' ve heard the same thing . ''
nor could he tell kira the other thing that would be better for her to believe , even though it was a lie : that he cared no more for her than any of his other property .
same thing mencheres told me , kira thought wryly .
he also remembered the last thing denise said when he 'd dropped her off at her house later that night .
and far be it for him to say such an ungentlemanly thing out loud .
denise was so anxious to cut off a humiliating discussion about her earlier reaction to him that she babbled the first thing that came to mind .
well , one thing she would n't do was sit in bed and stew until spade came back .
but she could n't help but ask one thing .
she gave me a playful little slap on the face for saying the same thing she 'd said at the same time .
this was such a weird thing for a boy to say .
` ` the other thing my baton instructor told me was to ask myself , ' am i hungry ?
addison cackled and put her arm around max 's waist like that was the most ridiculous thing she 'd ever heard .
what i wanted to say was , this is the sweetest thing i ever heard , and it is making me fall in love with you , but i managed to hold back .
the scowl faded , and nothing was left but a quiet , cute sixteen - year - old boy on a first date , at a concert he had n't picked , who never knew the right thing to say .
liz , who never said an unkind thing to anyone , was mocking me , one of her best friends !
liz must have been thinking the same thing .
but i wanted to get one thing straight first .
twisted as this declaration was , it was the sweetest thing a boy had ever said to me .
nick seemed to be thinking the same thing as he opened the passenger door for me .
comfortable , or oblivious , which amounted to the same thing .
clearly we were not thinking the same thing after all .
adam was thinking the same thing .
frankly , i wondered the same thing .
of course , i 'd told myself the same thing when sean mentioned the shrink .
` ` i need to tell you a couple of things , '' i said , hugging the roses to my chest and putting my other arm around her .
if this was the first thing will learned about our town , he was my kind of guy .
now that my third beer was kicking in , i let go of some of my anxiety about saying exactly the right thing and just had fun .
will might have been wondering the same thing about me .
` ` that is the saddest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
the first thing she said when she came to was , ' drum line forever ! '
and i 'd been afraid to bring it up - afraid that if i said the wrong thing to mark , the job would disappear .
i laughed , because that was a ridiculous thing for grayson to say .
` ` that is a nasty thing to say . ''
` ` i promised you no such thing .
afraid to admit i 'd asked grayson the same thing last night , i shrugged .
` ` what was the last thing he said to you ? ''
i feel one thing , but i act a different way and it surprises me .
his song for her - a song rendered sad not by their missed hookup , but his depression about erin , she was sure - was regardless the sweetest thing a man had ever said to her .
` ` i was going to remind you about the same thing , '' owen whispered back .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing , '' sarah said .
it was almost the first thing quentin had heard martin say all day .
he leaned down and whispered the dirtiest thing she 'd ever heard in her life , then continued to detail where he would put his tongue .
he was waiting patiently for one thing .
apparently nine lives said the wrong thing , because sarah slapped his face hard and whispered to him again .
the next thing he said did n't make his feelings any clearer .
the same thing he 'd made of himself , when he 'd had every possible advantage .
` ` she thinks the same thing about you , '' wendy said .
that is the most unwholesome damn thing i ever heard .
if daniel had been detective butkus , he would have thought the same thing .
` ` so you were n't making the whole thing up , '' detective butkus said .
i hesitated a split second as i processed this , knowing drew was thinking the same thing .
a nd of course i said the perfect thing to comfort him .
it was the only sure thing i had left .
is n't that the stupidest thing you ever heard ? ''
i went over the whole thing in my mind for the billionth time , then gasped .
she was horrified that she had instinctively thought such a thing , as if he were dirty permanently .
which means you liked me in middle school and high school , just like rebecca carried a torch for david , through six years of those ass**le kids at school calling me your stable boy , and you never said a thing .
hunter was thinking the same thing .
the other thing i would point out , though everyone quieted and leaned forward , hanging on my words .
would nt it be hilarious if they teased me in class by saying my story was unbelievable , when it was the truest thing i d written yet ?
i opened my mouth to tell him that this was the most interesting thing i d ever learned about him , and the most believable .
erin , he said gravely , that is the saddest thing i ever heard .
yet we were saying the same thing , feeling the same thing at the same moment , worried about school and frankly somewhat exasperated with our friends and sooooo bone tired and yet desperate to be with each other .
yet we were saying the same thing , feeling the same thing at the same moment , worried about school and frankly somewhat exasperated with our friends and sooooo bone tired and yet desperate to be with each other .
jrdis said the same thing , but she looked guilty .
holly had never heard a single bad thing about him .
he hated to lie , especially to shane , but he was n't sure how the whole i have a delusion that i can read minds thing would go over .
this was the first thing he 'd said that holly understood completely .
that is not a very nice thing to say . ''
yes ma ' am , i will , would have been the polite thing to say .
` ` say one more thing to her and i 'll add corruption of a minor to the list of charges . ''
she prattled on , ` ` but his full name had such a ring to it that mr . harrison used the whole thing , johnafter .
i expect that kind of thing from him .
` ` you ' ve got me so whipped , i ca n't think of a single sarcastic thing to say . ''
i should say the right thing and then we would have a little conversation .
i could n't think of the right thing to say .
and then i came in , and i said the wrong thing , and you mentioned brandon , and i was an ass . ''
i wanted to fall into them , even though i knew the next thing he said would n't sound like we were friends .
amid the music of bubbling fountains and the heady scent of oleander bushes that were probably pruned by lobotomized men with fingernail clippers , the shrink told me many things that were ironic , perfect as punch lines , even better than the chicken that crossed the road .
this was probably the fourth thing i 'd ever heard him say .
` ` only thing i can tell you is , my friend owns the garage around the corner .
` ` who pressed the wrong , '' he waved his hand , slamming back against the wall , ` ` thing ? ''
he chuckled as if it was the funniest thing he had heard .
she had written to several of the men in his unit , asking for information , but they had all said the same thing .
she skimmed several other web sites , but most of them said basically the same thing .
that 's another thing you 'll have to live with .
if he could remember one thing , just one lousy little thing , maybe it would all come back to him .
if he could remember one thing , just one lousy little thing , maybe it would all come back to him .
there was no such thing .
` ` it 's just that we ' ve all said that very thing at one time or another . ''
it was a completely inane thing to say , but she could n't think of anything else .
` ` i do n't owe you a damn thing . ''
she wished she could tell him there was hope , that she might be able to persuade saintcrow to let him go , but she had sworn not to reveal that saintcrow had freed marti and carl , and if there was one thing she had learned , it was that it was impossible to keep secrets from saintcrow .
` ` terrible thing about marti , '' she said , her voice hushed .
she pressed a hand to her mouth , wondering what had prompted her to say such a thing .
saintcrow 's gaze met hers and she knew he was thinking the same thing she was ... .
` ` sure , dad , i understand , '' kadie said , hoping she was saying the right thing .
she exclaimed in horror , ` ` what a dreadful thing to say .
who had ever thought of such a thing ?
` ` sure thing , '' the girl said with a smile .
i mean , it ca n't be true , '' she said with a forced laugh , ` ` or you 'd be sleeping in your coffin , so why would he say such a thing ? ''
cara smiled , thinking vince had said the same thing .
he looked across the bed at brenna and knew she was thinking the same thing .
what an odd thing to say , she thought , and then forgot all about it when she heard the doorbell ring .
vince looked at roshan and brenna and knew they were thinking the same thing .
he looked at roshan and knew that his father - in - law was thinking the same thing .
i had read somewhere that vampires were incapable of tender human emotions , but whoever had written such a thing would surely have changed his mind if he could have seen the anguish on rafe 's face , the hurt in his eyes , or heard the pain in his voice .
raphael did n't seem inclined to talk , and try as i might , i could n't think of a single thing to say to break the tense silence between us .
i did n't see any need to mention that , either , because if there was one thing i was certain of , it was that i could n't trust the man sitting across from me .
if there was one thing i did n't want , it was to watch rafe go up in flames .
just promise me one more thing . ''
she was tempted to ask him if anything unusual had happened during their first dance , but she was too embarrassed to mention her temporary lapse , or the fact that she could n't remember a thing he had said to her .
` ` rane , what a terrible thing to say ! ''
` ` how could you even think such a thing ? ''
` ` dead or destroyed , it means the same thing .
the last thing he had ever said to her was that , one day , he would destroy her .
logan had said the same thing not so long ago .
had n't she just been thinking the same thing ?
` ` yeah , that there 's no such thing as coincidence .
but one thing he knew for certain .
` ` why did n't you just erase the whole thing from her mind ? ''
` ` dammit , sheree , it 's hardly the same thing ! ''
of all the things she could have asked him , that was one thing he had never considered .
he 'd said nearly the same thing the night before - when i was n't wearing clothes .
` ` i was thinking the same thing about the sleeping bags . ''
` ` did that mean the same thing to you ? ''
i could tell that liam was getting frustrated by being left in the dark , but i still had n't come to terms with the fact that james had kissed me and i could n't think of a thing to say .
monty found it necessary to remind us of the same thing about twenty times as we headed toward the checkpoint .
i wished liam was with me because he would be thinking exactly the same thing .
` ` one of the most important lessons , and the first thing you must know , is that instead of overusing your own energy , you should draw it from elsewhere . ''
i could n't believe i had just made a casablanca joke , but it was the only thing that came into my head .
it sounded stupid , but it was the first thing that came to mind .
i do n't mean the carnal act , although i ' ve heard the same thing about that , sand in the wrong places and everything , but i ' m talking about the drink .
i 'd been saying that same thing for weeks , every time i let their calls go to voicemail .
the hug was n't the ` ` second date '' kind of hug , it was more of a ` ` we ' ve been together three months '' sort of thing .
` ` the whole ordering for me thing ? ''
` ` that 's not the same thing . ''
` ` that 's the second ' old person ' thing you ' ve said lately . ''
i was guilty of the same thing when it came to frats .
she 'd been saying the same thing since i was a kid .
that was n't the kind of thing you said to a girl you did n't really know - who was dating your friend .
` ` that 's the smartest thing you ' ve said all night . ''
he 'd narrate the whole thing if i let him .
the only thing that set in from his words was that he was going to be in paris for twelve weeks .
` ` i can say the same thing about waking you up . ''
he said the word out loud , but i was thinking the same thing .
` ` i can say the same thing about you - except you 're a guy . ''
colin says exactly the same thing . ''
i 'd said the same thing about myself at one point , but i was starting to doubt it .
he 's taking this whole only working when you work on the weekend 's thing seriously , is n't he ? ''
i was thinking the same thing about my own thoughts , but mine were n't about the beach .
` ` were you serious about the no plans thing ? ''
` ` funny , i was just thinking the same thing about you . ''
sorry about the jerk thing . ''
aaron said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world .
` ` if it makes you feel any better , i was thinking the same thing . ''
` ` you 're really sticking to the one song thing ? ''
surely he had to be thinking the same thing i was .
he asked incredulously , like i 'd just suggested the most ridiculous thing ever .
` ` sure thing , mallory . ''
colton laughed , and i knew he 'd seen the same thing .
except that you 're hiding something , or more than one thing . ''
my guess is most of the student body would have said the same thing .
maybe he sensed the same thing i did .
i really do n't care what anyone else thinks , and right this second , there is only one thing i want . ''
just promise me one thing ? ''
did he realize he 'd already said the same thing to me when i first arrived ?
my guess is you 're thinking the same thing . ''
` ` i can say the same thing to you . ''
` ` the last thing you said before you fell asleep was that you needed to be home for your nine am today .
` ` that 's the last thing i said ? ''
` ` the absolute last thing you said was good night , but i did n't count that one . ''
` ` i 'll be saying the same thing . ''
he seemed to notice that was the wrong thing to say .
` ` i was just telling her the exact same thing , '' jade opened the passenger door of juliet 's car .
can you say the same thing ? ''
` ` tell me one thing before i answer that . ''
` ` i ' m hoping i 'll be able to say the same thing about you . ''
` ` are you ready for one last thing ? ''
she 'd said the same thing when i left for college .
i think the only thing jake and i ever agreed on was that ben needed to lay off the drugs .
i knew how ridiculous the whole exclusive casual thing sounded , but i was still scared to commit to anything more .
` ` so what 's this thing you had to ask me ?
` ` i can never hear enough sweet things , i ' m happy , and it 's good to see you happy because you 're my best friend , '' she said drunkenly .
this was one of those situations where you had to say the right thing .
i wondered if she was thinking the same thing .
i remembered how he said the same thing about his injury .
` ` i thought the same thing , but evidently i have special skills . ''
i assumed it would just be a thank you for a good night kind of thing , but it was so much better .
` ` funny , i was thinking the same thing about coffee . ''
the question was how i was going to convince her of the same thing .
the only thing coming out of my mouth was a moan .
i did n't think i 'd ever asked arlene such a thing , though i 'd covered for her many times .
` ` oh , that is exactly the kind of thing my little group would love to hear !
i got a tight feeling in my chest , a bitterness , at another thing i was denied .
not too smart a thing to tell the detective .
a number of things ran through my mind , the feel of his hand when i 'd held it in front of dawn green 's duplex , the wall i 'd met in his mind , the unwisdom of dating your boss .
` ` in my time , such a thing was just a fairy tale . ''
` ` bill compton , '' sam said flatly , just as i opened my mouth to say the same thing .
the only welcome thing he could have told me at that point was that eric was dead .
how many women - or men , for that matter - would say such a thing to a crazy man like me ? ''
that was one thing i 'd learned in the past few months .
bill 's fingers gave me a little squeeze , so i knew i 'd said the right thing .
i could n't think of a thing to say for a long time .
` ` you smell like him '' was the only thing he said .
that was the last thing i had expected him to say .
hearing my voice saying such a thing out loud calmed me down as nothing else could have .
i could not think of one other thing to say .
i said the polite things , how nice it had been of him to give me a place to stay , how much i 'd enjoyed meeting his sister , how much fun it had been to hide a body with him .
` ` sookie , you should n't say that kind of thing , '' he said , quite shocked at a single woman admitting she knew her brother was n't a virgin .
` ` listen , your office in the middle of day is n't a good time and place to tell you the things i need to tell you , '' i said .
i was completely certain about one thing : i would n't want to be anywhere around hotshot on the three nights of the full moon .
there were probably a few more things that made me fearful , but in such a long day it was impossible to pick any one thing that was more awful than the other .
despite every sensible thing i could tell myself , i grew more and more afraid .
almost everyone was thinking the same kind of thing i was : how tired they were , how bloody the room was , how hard it was to believe they 'd gone through a fight like this and survived .
the goblin said , ` ` i ' ve already forgotten the whole thing , '' and the madwoman beside him nodded and laughed .
but every day , last thing in the afternoon , marge goes around and locks all the cabinets .
` ` why would your packleader agree to any such thing ? ''
i often wondered the same thing .
he was horrified that his new buddies in the werepanther world could believe such a thing of him .
i made myself say the polite thing back .
i stared up at him , amazed he could think of such a thing at this moment .
well , i had n't gotten the clothes thing right .
i could not think of one thing to say .
i ca n't tell you a thing other than what i ' ve already told you . ''
` ` your mouth '' ( here he kissed it ) ` ` is saying one thing , but your body '' ( he kissed my shoulder ) ` ` is saying another . ''
that had been her goal , because the first thing she said was , ` ` you will not tell anyone what i am about to tell you . ''
` ` i ' m not sure there 's such a thing , '' my companion said quietly .
` ` this is the first thing halleigh said : ' oh , what pretty wrapping ! ' ''
but you know - same thing , for the purposes of this story .
` ` the only thing is , '' i began again .
that was the last thing either of us was able to say .
i said the first thing that came into my head , unfortunately .
it was the most natural and unguarded thing i 'd ever heard her say .
i could n't think of a thing to say .
i knew who octavia fant was because amelia 's brain had just told me , but she herself had n't spoken it out loud , so it was n't a thing i could share .
amelia looked over bob 's head at me , and i knew instantly i 'd said a tactless thing .
furnan said , ` ` i think you 're right about that sit - down , unless you made up this whole thing to get me into a position where alcide can kill me . ''
i was so shocked , so angry , and so distraught that as they stopped what they were doing and stared up at me , i said the worst thing i could think of .
but it was the only thing i could think of that would make a dent in sigebert .
i 'd never done a thing to him .
it was the meanest thing i 'd ever said , and every word of it was true .
while i could , i smiled at thing one and thing two .
` ` one thing straight , ` ` he says .
or would they stick to the whole ` ` no violence on the premises '' thing and stay the hell away ?
the one thing her momma could n't countenance was hypocrites , and since her momma could sense feelings and thoughts , church gave her the hives .
the last thing she 'd meant to tell raphael was that !
in his mind he could practically hear kirk 's voice even now , calling her every filthy thing he could think of .
` ` that may be the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard .
every cheesy thing the guy said made these girls giggle .
since eric had recovered his memory of that night , that 's one thing i 'd never asked him : where he 'd buried her body after i 'd killed her .
` ` i would say exactly the same thing , '' eric said .
that was the nicest thing he 'd ever said to me .
if you tell him one thing more besides the fact that i ' m here and running this business , you 're outta here , and if i can think of something else to do to you , i will . ''
if i 'd called him and said the same thing , would he have hopped into his car ( or into the sky ) and arrived on my doorstep ?
if i said the wrong thing , i might be dead right then and there .
i could n't think of a single thing to say .
i call roxy while i drive back to jase 's apartment and tell her the same thing i told my professors .
i turn my head to look at him , then back at jase , whom i know is wondering the same thing .
looking down at my lap , i say the first thing that comes to my mind , ` ` i just ... i got myself too worked up and had a panic attack .
i continue to scream the same thing over and over until i no longer hear jack , but ryan .
the last thing i thought i ever deserved .
apart from being so unsure about our relationship , one thing i am sure of is that i have to see him again .
she has no clue how to respond when guys say sweet things to her .
she emailed her professors to tell them she was out sick , and roxy did n't question her when she called to tell her the same thing earlier this week .
it upsets me that she feels this way , but i can also tell that mark has been feeling the same thing as well .
the look on her face is beyond disbelief , so i pull her in tighter , knowing that was probably the last thing she expected me to say .
the thudding of my chest is painful ; it 's the most painful thing i ' ve ever felt in my entire life , and before i know it , she slings hers arms around me , but i ' m in shock .
` ` you 're gon na have to explain how all this works , babe , because i do n't know the first thing about what your job is going to look like . ''
so , genius that i am , i spew the first thing that pops into my head .
` ` baby , the only thing i ' m promising is you wo n't be able to walk tomorrow . ''
whoever said it did n't know a f**king thing about love .
you 're probably wondering the same thing .
there 's no such thing as love at first sight .
and another thing : i do n't have a car .
and i sure as shit do n't want to keep talking about rosaline , so i said the first thing that came to my lips .
will forever live in my brain as the funniest f**king thing i ' ve ever heard .
she pulls me into a tight hug and says , ` ` you know , matthew , there is such a thing as too different . ''
` ` that 's a f**ked - up thing to say . ''
okay , the boner thing is an exaggeration , but still - do you see why i ca n't stand her ?
where do you think the whole ` ` nice guys finish last '' thing came from ?
but i have to tell her one more thing first .
i watch her eyes flare slightly , and then she licks her bottom lip , making me wonder if she is thinking the same thing .
in the back of my head , i keep thinking about the things maggie said along with the way nico makes me feel and how much i want to explore things with him , but i wonder if i should wait until i ' m in a better place mentally .
he always asks me the same thing , and i know they all want me to go back to working with them , but i ca n't ; i love what i do .
sophie ` ` girl , you know i do n't do the whole ' white meat ' thing , but that man of yours is seriously fine .
talking to sophie is like talking to a wall - i tell her one thing and she agrees then does whatever the hell she wants .
` ` i ' m sorry , mrs . donovan , i thought we were talking about the same thing . ''
` ` you say ' this one thing ' , but i know that you 're going to have a million other things . ''
i want to tell my class how much i have enjoyed teaching them , but i know that they are already upset about the way jules was acting , and if i say the wrong thing , it could upset them even more .
` ` i hope you know that i will be meeting austin when he comes back in from his fishing trip , '' she tells me and i take a breath , not wanting to say the wrong thing , but not wanting her to meet up with a man that she obviously cares about .
i will only be gone for about an hour , if that , then i will be home , '' she repeats the same thing she told me five minutes ago .
the first thing guys do is look at me and see a pretty face , a nice body , and an empty space where my brain 's supposed to be .
heartbreak is the first thing that comes to mind .
` ` you know men will think the same thing whether you 're wearing lipstick or not .
` ` one thing at a time , '' he says gently , and i nod .
she ca n't talk because they have her jaw wired closed , but she does recognize everyone and has been able to write things down , and that 's the most important thing in all of this .
i hate this part ; the whole leaving thing really bothers me .
right now he did n't trust falonar at all , but that would n't be a wise thing to say to his father - or his brother , for that matter .
` ` what 's the second thing ? ''
` ` if i ask a healer to look at you , will she tell me the same thing ? ''
backing down left a sour taste in his mouth , but this morning proved one thing : he was n't going to be able to trust any of these men once he became the warlord prince of ebon rih .
saetan must have wondered the same thing , because he shook his head and vanished the clothes , including the boots , belt , and knife sheath .
who was he to say such a thing to this child ?
he could n't think of one thing he dared to say .
` ` before i decide if you deserve to have your ass kicked , i want to know one thing : did you give jaenelle permission to ride the horsie all by herself ? ''
` ` you just have to know the right thing to say , '' surreal replied .
` ` and the first thing you 're going to tell me is who displayed himself to a girl her age . ''
if titian had hit me with that bit of information before i was awake , i would have landed on your doorstep wondering the same thing .
then he remembered the last thing lucivar had said to the first circle before heading back to kaeleer : ` ` the queen comes before anyone else .
not if he said the wrong thing .
he hesitated , then felt he had to say one last thing , try one last time .
when they did , the first thing haele said was , ` ` what was ferall doing in town ? ''
as they made their way back home , they thought about the things that had been said , and they all knew one thing : the black widows had been right .
as they made their way back home , they thought about the things that had been said , and they all knew one thing : the black widows had been right .
but i 'll tell you the same thing talon told me once : do n't fail until you fail . ''
` ` was n't going to say a thing . ''
` ` the tangled webs all said the same thing , '' the high lord replied .
` ` i 'll say one more thing .
and since it was her income and what she 'd saved from the tithes was all she had , she would continue to tear up kermilla 's letters , which all asked the same thing : how much was the former queen of bhak going to ` ` gift '' the new queen ?
` ` when jared was an old man , dying from the wounds of his last fight , he told a trusted friend this one thing .
and the one untouched thing he had left to offer , the one clean thing he had given to no one else , would be taken from him .
not an easy thing to talk about , even with a brother he loved .
gray looked stricken , and theran wanted to erase daemon 's words , even though he 'd basically said the same thing earlier that day .
the sharp look ranon gave her said he was wondering the same thing .
` ` someone who does n't have large furry friends who think ' human ' and ' snack ' mean the same thing ? ''
which , in his mind , was n't saying the same thing .
since she 'd seen plenty of variations of that theme when she lived in terreille , she knew one thing for certain : ginger was going to be a pain in the ass she did n't need .
coming from someone with jaenelle 's past , ` ` hurt '' and ` ` wounded '' did n't mean the same thing .
the other thing neither of them said was that she would be able to destroy him , to finish the kill , but ifshe was the one who died and turned on him , he would n't be able to survive her attack .
while riding the black wind back to this village , he 'd tallied up all the things he 'd learned about this haunted house and what must have been done to create such a place .
her younger sisters had said the same thing to her in the same sneering voice ... and complained bitterly to their mother when the hem fell too long or too short because they insisted she should be able to hem something without wastingtheir time .
but there was one thing she had to know .
because i do n't want to spend half a day dusting the thing.which was n't an appropriate thing to say , especially when the man assisting them was listening so attentively .
then he remembered the last thing saetan had said .
the point was hisfather hadno right to be grumbling about his son , and if she were lucivar 's lover instead of his housekeeper , she 'd tell his father a thing or two .
she did n't want to tell him she 'd been afraid of provoking his temper , so she said the first thing that came to mind .
` ` the only thing i ever promised roxie was that i 'd kill her if i found her in my bed again . ''
a lady can sleep with a different man every day of the year , and no one will say a thing because that is a lady 's privilege .
she said the only thing she could think of , the only thing that mattered .
she said the only thing she could think of , the only thing that mattered .
your name will be the last thing he screams while the hounds tear him apart . ''
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i told daemon .
the darkness only knew all that he 'd done , but one thing he knew with absolute certainty : he wasnot naive .
that courtship had ended swiftly , and the only thing the cousin had said afterward publicly was that they were n't as well suited as he had thought .
maybe lia thought the same thing .
thera had said the same thing , jared reminded himself as he watched daemon 's hands move over lia 's body .
` ` you shame your mother to say such a thing ! ''
one night he said if he could tell you just one thing , it would be this : that he 'd known since you were a boy that you would wear the silver , but if you ever had a chance to wear the gold , you should grab that chance and hold on to it with everything that 's in you .
and each queen , as she consumed the freely offered flesh of the one who had come before her , had been told the same thing : remember this web .
` ` there 's one thing i need to tell you .
` ` but that claim is n't quite the same thing .
` ` you said much the same thing the first time you and lucivar pounded on each other , '' andulvar said .
sitting there , alexandra was certain of only one thing : she would do whatever she had to in order to get wilhelmina and jaenelle away from him .
` ` saetan said almost the same thing once . ''
she said the only thing she could think of , the only thing that , she hoped , would release her from those eyes .
` ` lucivar said the same thing about cooking , '' she growled .
` ` damnedest thing , '' hallevar said , breaking into a wide grin .
maybe shecould say the most important thing , the thing that had been chewing at her ever since surreal had lashed out at her .
maybe shecould say the most important thing , the thing that had been chewing at her ever since surreal had lashed out at her .
` ` and i 'll tell you one other thing , just between us : sometimes a friend must become an enemy in order to remain a friend . ''
a veil had been drawn across that vision to keep him from remembering that one thing until it was too late .
` ` your mother said almost the same thing to me once- after she punched me . ''
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i told char , '' he said .
` ` tell karla one other thing .
` ` lord morton , i have only one thing to say to you . ''
do all these letters say the same thing ? ''
one thing he did understand .
the last thing she said before she left his bedroom was , ` ` and i wo n't let them put more scars on your soul . ''
surreal patted daemon 's greasy , tangled hair , unable to think of one consoling thing to say .
at least there was one thing he was still sure of .
` ` you 're going to argue about theword when you mean the same thing ? ''
` ` do you know the worst thing about it ?
a stupid thing to say to a man holding a weapon large enough and sharp enough to cut through bone .
the only thing east of them was a landen village under the protection of agio , the blood village at the northern end of ebon rih .
i ' m too tired to hang on to the real world , but i stubbornly cling to his hands to tell him one last thing .
he had killed them because it was an insult to serve them , because he was an eyrien warlord prince who wore ebon - gray jewels and refused to believe that serving and groveling meant the same thing .
` ` a demon just told me the strangest thing . ''
` ` a fine thing to say to someone in my business . ''
daemon felt dizzied by the explanation and grasped the one thing he could pull out .
the last thing they heard her mutter before she closed the door on them was , ` ` males . ''
no matter what you think of him because of the way you ' ve had to live , one thing is true : he adores her .
it could only mean one thing : jaenelle had maneuvered daemon into this and had gone with him to make sure it was done to her satisfaction .
` ` that 's the kindest thing that 's been said to me on that score . ''
` ` wrinkle , crinkle , all the same thing .
` ` what a nice thing to say .
she sucks , her show sucks , her fans suck , and the only thing good we can say about her is that ... actually we ca n't say anything good about her .
if there was one thing we knew how to do , it was hide away from the world .
holly and i gave each other the same thing : two days at a spa in palm springs , and nick received an ipod from holly and from me .
was the last thing i heard her say as i shut the door in her face and fell onto my bed .
i ' m not telling you a thing , '' she said again , smiling through a mouthful of garlic noodles .
` ` that might have been the hottest thing anyone has ever said to me , '' he said .
` ` why are you so serious about this no communication thing ? ''
the last thing i heard him say was my name , whispered with contentment .
my talk with holly today had made me question this whole ` ` special '' thing .
` ` oh , baby , you say the sweetest things , '' i cried in a sickly sweet voice , launching myself across the seat at him , smacking his cheek with a wet kiss .
i bit down on my lip to stop myself from telling him this very thing .
someone is saying the exact same thing about you every time they look at charles .
but when someone says those things to her , what she actually hears is ' our gang , that place where my daughter is throwing her life away to pick up dog doodoo and raise a bunch of vicious mutts . '
i laughed , and thank goodness the next thing around the corner was his face .
here 's the thing about an enormous penis .
` ` chloe , '' he whispered , and my name on his lips , while he was inside my body , was the sexiest thing i 'd ever heard .
` ` no i mean , the whole girls - not - having - hips thing .
go ahead and check with mr . montgomery , he 'll tell you the same thing .
not one thing , vivian , ' and he even pointed at me .
` ` can i just say one thing ? ''
here 's my one thing .
okay , i ' m going to say the thing you 're not supposed to say .
she said the funniest thing about- '' ` ` you 're killing me , bent over like that , and with cookies !
not ` ` the first step is admitting you have a problem '' kind of thing , but- actually .
i was going to say the same thing , '' he said , staring down at me .
not the same thing . ''
` ` and you , miss thing ?
i was thinking the same thing , '' i countered , pulling an identical bottle from my duffle .
but can i just say one thing ? ''
with each bite , i was sure that i had just eaten the best thing ever , then another wave of gorgeous food would show up and convince me once again .
` ` sometimes dicks make it better - what an odd thing to say . ''
` ` sure thing , '' he replies before turning and walking away with shay .
and i will tell her , i 'll tell her the whole damn thing .
if there is one thing i do know , it is that she loves you to death .
she can ask me any damn thing she likes , and i 'll tell her straight . ''
` ` if there is one thing i learned inside , shay , it 's that you have to face the demons to find even the smallest amount of peace in your life . ''
the one thing he told me that has stuck with me is a quote from buddha .
` ` the other thing i have n't told you is that my father was the owner of a very successful company that i now own a controlling stake in .
there are lots of things i ca n't tell her right now , but that is the one thing that i can control .
shay : best thing i ' ve heard all day .
i went through the same thing when roger was dying .
` ` sure thing , brax , and might this be a lesson to you .
her eyes are begging me for an answer which is the only thing i ca n't give her right now .
noah 's wide eyes and frown immediately let me know it was not the right thing to say .
her eyes widen minutely before narrowing , like she ca n't believe i 'd ask such a thing .
the one thing i ' ve been holding back on since we came back into each other 's lives .
i know , i dare you to go on chicago singles for a month and go out on at least one blind date , '' zach slurred before cracking up laughing like he 'd just said the funniest thing ever .
i will say one thing , the guy knows his wine .
mac 's giggle lets me know that she is thinking the same thing .
in fact , they 're mirroring the exact thing that is going through my mind right now , i ' m f**king sure of it .
after zander let me down , and i rearrange my clothes while giving him time to think of dead puppies or naked grandmas , i turn to look at her and say the first thing that comes to mind .
but i 'll tell you one thing ... '' ` ` ah yes . ''
i heard the whole thing .
` ` candlelit dinners , long walks ... sex on the beach ... '' he smiles as he says that last thing , especially when my eyes go wide .
` ` but i do want to say one thing , something for you to contemplate . ''
considering the last thing you said to me was that you could n't do this anymore . ''
given that the last thing he said to me was ` ` i ' m getting sick of watching you walk away , '' it 's no surprise he 's been mia .
but if i may say one thing , baby doll , do n't ever think you do n't deserve to be happy .
the last thing he said was not to come back until i know what and who i want . ''
this was the last thing i thought i 'd have thrown at me .
` ` and he said the funniest thing to me .
` ` let 's get one thing clear , mac .
i did n't know that it was for the best , but i did n't want a bratty comment to be the last thing i said to them , so i nodded at my mom and faked a smile , and let my dad pull me into a rib - breaking hug .
that gem was the only thing mary katherine said as we walked through the great hall , crossed the labyrinth , and turned into the administrative wing .
the only thing my parents told me about st . sophia 's was that it was an excellent school with great academics , blah blah blah .
no , i did n't tell anyone that , and i ' m pretty sure that 's the kind of thing i 'd remember . ''
there was no doubt the brat pack would tell her who was responsible , and i guessed that was the kind of thing she 'd put in my permanent record .
` ` i ' ve thought the same thing , '' she said with a wink .
` ` i said the same thing about the door .
i glanced over at scout , who frowned as if working through the logic and wondering the same thing .
she kept saying i needed to hear it from him , and that was n't exactly the kind of thing that made a girl feel comfortable about a boy .
scout had told me pretty much the same thing , but i was n't going to admit that to him , so i did n't say anything .
you held off until you knew the right thing to say , until the question could n't be delayed any longer .
the scary thing .
that was the last thing i expected her to say .
i mean , that 's really the only thing you ' ve proved . ''
name one thing reapers have done to help anyone . ''
` ` oh , my god , i was going to say the same thing to you .
he looked so handsome - and i was so surprised to see him there - i could n't think of a single thing to say .
we were both thinking the same thing .
it was exactly the wrong thing to say , my parents being one of my least favorite topics .
i shrugged , having wondered the same thing .
that was a really horrible thing to say .
i said the same thing the other day . ''
it was as if my body had accepted the thing my mind was only just becoming accustomed to - the thing that i 'd admitted to my father , to ethan , to myself .
it was as if my body had accepted the thing my mind was only just becoming accustomed to - the thing that i 'd admitted to my father , to ethan , to myself .
not exactly the same thing . ''
always said the right thing .
and honestly , i 'd say the same thing about you .
that 's a really shitty thing to say . ''
the compliment was probably the best , and worst , thing he could have said .
i could have spilled the beans to charlotte , told her things that would frighten her further , things that would impress upon her the need to keep her family close , to keep them safe .
i could have spilled the beans to charlotte , told her things that would frighten her further , things that would impress upon her the need to keep her family close , to keep them safe .
it was n't the best thing i 'd heard all day , that i 'd have to face down morgan again , but i understood that it was necessary .
' give me what i want , and i 'll ensure your kid 's protected , ' that kind of thing .
` ` vampires ca n't have children , '' was the only thing he said , and the flatness of his voice - and the fact that i had n't yet considered the impact of the change on my becoming a mother - sucked the wind from my sails .
i really could n't fathom a single thing to say .
he 'd turned off the emotion , so i adopted the same master vampire look and nodded back at him , a quick , efficient gesture that said nothing of the thing that had passed between us .
i credited the hour , the fact that the sun was high above us , but that seemed the funniest thing i 'd ever heard .
and i wish i had some magic thing to say that would fix the whole scenario , but i do n't . ''
i fingered the cadogan medal at my neck , working up the nerve to get out the thing we had n't talked about yet - the speech i had n't yet made .
and that thing i said - ` ` ` ` about my daddy issues ? ''
` ` i 'll be as good as possible , and i 'd ask the same thing of you two . ''
it was the last thing he said .
okay - arguably , that was n't the only thing he filled out well , but let 's stay on track .
i saw the covetous silvering of his eyes , and i knew that he 'd realized the same thing i had .
` ` leading this pack is not about power , '' gabriel earnestly said , as if we 'd been thinking the same thing .
maybe i should have just ignored the whole thing .
and gabriel 's small nod told me i 'd said just the right thing .
and i wil tel you one thing - the registration law is the best thing that wil ever happen to this city . ''
` ` they thought the same thing about you . ''
` ` and they'l tel you the same thing that i have .
` ` that was a real y shitty thing to say , '' i added , as the irritation grew .
was she lashing out at me because she 'd thought the same thing , or because she was stressed ?
we al looked at him for a second , probably al thinking the same thing : i ' m sorry ; you want me to stand on a pole ?
` ` sure thing , '' she said with what looked like a half - forced smile .
` ` sure thing , '' jonah said , and we watched him walk back down the aisle .
i did n't know that it was for the best , but i did n't want a bratty comment to be the last thing i said to them , so i nodded at my mom and faked a smile , and let my dad pul me into a rib - breaking hug .
it was n't the kind of thing someone would just randomly say .
` ` sure thing , sugar lips .
that was precisely the wrong thing to say .
` ` rough thing to hear . ''
` ` oh , crap , '' paige muttered , no doubt seeing the same thing in her eyes that i did .
that was still a strange thing to say .
` ` we wondered the same thing , '' ethan said .
most of them were tiny roadsters , which meant only one thing .
although i could say the same thing about sorceress drama .
i 'd probably have made a sarcastic comment if ethan had said the same thing to me , but there was no humor in his eyes .
my mouth had gotten me in trouble before , and that had been exactly the wrong thing to say to a woman already threatening to tell ethan what she 'd seen after she 'd followed me halfway across town .
for the second time tonight , that was exactly the wrong thing to say .
she knew the same thing tonight - that she should n't have used her magic to threaten a human you could have easily handled . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as ' well hidden ' on the web .
but do remember one thing . ''
` ` i ' ve been thinking the same thing , '' i said .
` ` i just said the same thing a little while ago . ''
that was exactly the kind of thing my grandfather would say .
but that was the only thing that made sense .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i said , using the two words that were always woefully inadequate to ease anyone 's grief , but still seemed the only appropriate thing to say .
` ` i thought the exact same thing . ''
` ` well , i 'll tell you one thing , '' my grandfather said .
i understood his need to confess , but i 'd latched on to the first thing he 'd said .
` ` and i 'd say the same thing about you . ''
that darius was here on unspecified ` ` business '' was becoming a common refrain ; he 'd told ethan and victor the same thing .
do n't tell anyone about the proposal thing .
it seemed a little ironic that the thing i wanted away from was the thing i had to hold on to just to get away .
the way she felt in my arms was most arguably the most incredible thing i 'd ever experienced .
i mean , i 'd pretty much been thinking the same thing , but just hearing the words out loud pissed me off .
i knew they only wanted to trip me up , or for me to recall a detail i 'd forgotten , but damn how many times could i say the same thing ?
i was surprised he would suggest such a thing .
the only thing she asked was that i feed salty and take care of him .
when i finally had a check - in with the pd several months later , the first thing i asked was about that man behind the register .
i ' m pretty sure that was the nastiest thing i 'd ever heard .
some opinionated , nosy , question - filled woman that was going to argue and pick apart every last thing i said .
i was n't promising one damn thing .
` ` how dare you say such a thing to me ? ''
tears welled anew , just looking down at the last thing he would ever tell me .
in fact , if i had n't known he was a police officer , it would have been the last thing i would have guessed about him .
his answer was the last thing i expected .
he asked like it was the most important thing he needed to know .
the sounds from last night , the drums ... it could only mean one thing .
if he said one more swoon - worthy thing , i was going to turn into his slave .
nash caught my eye and i knew he was thinking the same thing by the way his gaze traveled my body .
that was probably the scariest thing i ever heard in my entire life .
i repeated those things over and over in my head as i climbed out of my used toyota corolla and stood staring at the entrance to the place i was supposed to be interviewing for a job .
` ` that is such a surfer dude thing to say . ''
i keep telling roxie here the same thing . ''
cam was definitely on to something with the whole ` ` pura vida '' thing .
well , if that was n't just the most perfect thing he could say .
when i was done talking , the only thing he said was directed at the police .
the most logical thing i could come up with was that this was some random act of violence carried out by some seriously unbalanced psycho .
what in the hell possessed me to say such a thing ?
after i told them everything at least three times , they still said the same thing to me .
before i could respond , he said , ` ` it 's the dumbest thing i ever heard .
` ` i was gon na ask you the same thing . ''
anger and jealousy flared around her and i held up my hand to stop whatever nasty thing she was about to say .
i felt awful for thinking such a thing , like i was somehow insulting everything my father did for me .
i realized i 'd stripped away her safety net , the one thing she was sure of .
i looked at sam to see if he just realized the same thing i did , but he was still watching the report with a grim look on his face .
i was just about to ask sam if he was thinking the same thing when kimber came running down the sidewalk toward us .
` ` the only thing we ask is that you and your minions leave us and our family alone .
the last thing i wanted to do was think about what i had been eating in order to stay alive .
there was only one thing written on it .
she looked momentarily confused , like she could n't understand why she would say such a thing .
it was the first thing she 'd said since heven appeared down here .
i could feel the heat radiating from him and i knew it meant only one thing .
everyone gasped in shock that he would say such a thing .
` ` you do n't like her , '' heven stated , clearly picking up on the same thing i had .
` ` i should ask you the same thing , '' i said , twisting my hand from his grip .
i think his body is rejecting the hellhound gene ... it 's the only thing that makes sense .
the more popular you get , the more you have to hide because if one thing gets out that goes against that perfect image you crafted for yourself , then it 's all over .
the first thing that popped into my head was n't the most honorable thing , but it was a good idea .
the first thing that popped into my head was n't the most honorable thing , but it was a good idea .
i just could n't figure out what it was and the only thing i could think of was that we were ... well , you know .
i nodded , already thinking the same thing .
i shook my head , unwilling to admit such a thing .
whenever i told someone about my dad , it was the first thing people said : ' i ' m sorry . '
and they were the one thing i could say out loud .
i shook my head quickly , not wanting to admit such a thing .
before she could ask the next thing that she always asks , i went ahead and responded , ` ` and , no i do n't know where he lives . ''
` ` one thing ? ''
had n't i just told her the very same thing ?
maybe it was the wrong thing to say .
clearly he was wondering the same thing .
it was the same thing i kept telling myself .
my brain was saying one thing , but my heart was saying something else .
it was the most pathetic thing to say , but i did n't know what would make what i did okay .
they were likely wondering the same thing i had been moments before : how long ?
` ` i do n't have to tell you a thing . ''
` ` he knew the one thing , the one thing that could throw me off .
the only thing i could think of was that it was too damaged to save .
that was the only thing i knew for sure right now .
i ' m not quite sure what possessed me to tell her the one thing i guarded so close .
that was kind of an odd thing to say .
of all the things he could ' ve said , that was the last thing i imagined .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned all these years it 's once you 're fated to die , you die .
such a stupid thing to say .
but there is one thing i ' ve wanted to say to you , adrien , for a long time .
she 'd left off the most important thing , the one thing she could n't write : josh .
she 'd left off the most important thing , the one thing she could n't write : josh .
she 'd thought the same thing every time some madman went on a killing spree .
` ` i could say the same thing to you .
` ` i 'll say the same thing because that boost of power made it possible for me to defeat silas .
this was one thing kiernan had told her .
or would she end up jeopardizing his mission by saying or doing the wrong thing at the wrong time ?
he despised engles anyway , but the man always seemed to be able to say the exact thing that would fill reyes with rage .
` ` i think the whole thing amused scorpion .
he almost pressed her about the one thing she 'd promised , a place on the starlin board of governors , but he knew he 'd reached his bargaining limit .
* * * angelica was n't surprised that reyes had something specific on his mind , so she said the only thing that made sense .
so she said the one thing she was sure would keep him in just this state .
` ` first , i want to know one thing .
gabriel had said the exact right thing .
` ` what a strange thing to say .
she had learned one thing while sitting at beatrice 's knee : as restrained as grace was , and as much as some of that restraint had to leave , there were times when it was necessary .
but no such thing .
he felt a jolt go through him , an awareness that what grace had just said to him was no small thing .
as she stared up into leto 's clear blue eyes , at least one thing crystallized for her .
not a bad thing to lighten the mood .
the only thing she knew to tell alison , however , was what it had been like for leto to open her power up , how he 'd had to reach deep into her soul .
so he gave her the one thing he could give her , but this time all he had to do was think the thought and he began to transform .
her experience thus far with administrators of any kind was that they would say one thing then do another , usually with the help of , yeah , an ankle guard .
she knew one thing : if they were n't headed out right now , she 'd hop on the bed and crook her finger at him .
he knew only one thing .
she knew only one thing , this was n't for her , not tonight , not with her man giving her so much space and being so damn mature about the whole thing .
she did n't wait to hear him say one more thing .
but in his two thousand years of ascended life he had come to understand at least one thing : when a new power emerged , the best course to take was always to go with it , take it to its limits , explore every damn facet , and work it , work it hard .
` ` there 's one more thing you should know . ''
she wanted to know only one thing , so she focused on thorne 's bare chest : was the bastard still alive or had she killed the most honorable vampire she 'd known in her entire nine thousand years of ascended life .
the only thing i can tell you is that she did n't do this alone . ''
everything seemed to be adding up to one thing .
` ` i have only one thing to say .
but there was one thing she wanted to say to him .
it 's not the same thing at all .
` ` i ' m sorry , but that 's the funniest thing i ' ve heard in a long time .
he always knew the right thing to say , and he said it .
` ` but there 's one thing you should try to remember .
she knew one thing for sure , all this practice was improving her skills .
now let 's get one thing straight .
there is nothing like a bakery first thing in the morning when the aroma of all that goodness fills the dawn air .
i can remember thinking the same thing : that this was not just unfair , it was a great sin against alison , against all ascenders that anyone should be treated so cruelly .
as the show progressed , fiona understood one thing : casimir was a true showman .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing a little uptight bitch could ever have said to me . ''
` ` i want to know only one thing , '' she said .
` ` this one thing i have always known about you , my friend , your hedonism is not your greatest flaw .
still , if she started down this road , she needed to admit one thing to herself , here and now : she could die .
` ` there 's one thing i really need to know .
the only thing she was sure of right now was that she just was about to die of embarrassment .
of that one thing , she was certain .
somehow it was the last thing she 'd expected him to say .
that was n't the right thing to say .
` ` no disrespect intended , but i 'll believe the whole braulio thing when i see him .
but she nodded and said the only thing she could think of .
was there a sweeter , more sisterly thing alison could have said ?
turning back to elise , he asked the only thing he could think of .
she could n't believe leto had the audacity to say such a thing to her .
that was something she 'd always done ; she 'd always known the right thing to say to put him at ease .
when her body calmed down , and only a few ripples of sobs escaped her , he said the only thing he could think of .
but that she had been thinking the same thing , at the exact same moment , meant a lot to him .
he never used to be this big , which meant only one thing : death vampire , a condition confirmed by his now extremely pale complexion and the fact that he 'd grown much prettier since the last time she 'd seen him .
` ` there 's just one thing i want you to tell me before you go .
that ennis shook his head , grinned , then laughed , told marcus he thought the same damn thing .
they spoke at the same time and said the same thing : ` ` what the f**k are you doing here ? ''
this could n't be an easy thing for her to say , since she was essentially speaking about sex to the most vulgar , inappropriate , indiscreet vampire on second earth .
a woman should n't say such a thing to a vampire , especially not to a vampire caught in the grip of the breh - hedden .
she only asked one thing of me - that if she needed me to come back , i would .
but i guarantee you one thing , when you do find out , you ai n't gon na like it . ''
the one thing endelle would say about her , she always looked like a million bucks and marcus would like that , so good for her .
the only thing that stopped were her words because he kissed her again and pushed at her with his tongue until he was inside her mouth and plunging his tongue into her tender recesses .
she knew one thing .
` ` there 's just one thing i want to know , '' endelle cried .
maybe because she knew , she knew , in this one thing , she was right .
one thing she knew for certain : she could not be that therapist .
the only thing my f**king seers were able to tell me was that alison wells tips the balance of power and if she ends up dead , our world will suffer for it . ''
he could retract the damn thing as well , although not for this interview apparently .
apparently this was not the right thing to say .
after all these decades , he 'd learned a goddamn thing or two about running massive businesses .
` ` that 's one helluva generous thing to say . ''
i do n't know the first thing about fighting and why would i need to be trained to battle ? ''
and he really needed to teach her a thing or two about warrior - vampires and what they expected from their women .
` ` the very same thing i said about alison when i learned of the extent of her abilities .
` ` now , let 's get one thing straight .
finally , he said the only thing that made any kind of sense or could explain how complete the experience had been for him .
she was n't sure , but the high - pitched battle screams meant only one thing , invictus .
her words meant only one thing , that she 'd come for batya .
she remembered her father 's word about ' embracing the mystery ' , but she swore if he were here right now and said the same thing to her , she 'd punch his lights out .
but he knew one thing for sure , that if he did n't stand guard , ry would come for her and he would n't show restraint .
` ` we may as well be clear about one thing , ethan . ''
but in this moment , she knew one thing for certain : she could rely on ethan because he said ' of course ' without batting an eye , without the smallest hesitation .
he could have her killed for saying such a thing to him , he , the mastyr vampire of the merhaine realm , one of the nine realms of north america .
i have thought the very same thing . ''
never , was the only thing that came to mind .
` ` my mother used to tell me the same thing . ''
she had unbuckled gerrod 's for him last night , which was the only thing she could think as her gaze drifted back up to his absurdly handsome face .
that is the sweetest thing you could have said . ''
still , not quite the same thing . ''
he knew only one thing : for a specie to have to change , well it was as wrong as what the invictus pairs went through .
` ` i want to know one thing , '' he said , addressing the nearest vampire .
it was the worst thing she could say , though , because ethan had been about let it go until she spoke .
you have n't learned one goddamn thing in the last three hundred years , have you ? ''
` ` uh , ethan ... not a cool thing to say , babe . ''
he was thinking the same thing .
that actually brought the closest thing to a smile on nate 's face since he 'd walked in the door .
she 'd been thinking the same thing herself .
i ' m appalling at these functions - i ca n't think of a damn thing to say and i hide by the potted plants , but i told ethan i 'd be there .
i despise liars ... and people who manipulate , tell you one thing and mean another .
the only thing she had concluded from her meeting with kelsey was that ringo was n't lacking for sexual satisfaction or creativity , both of which she could have done without knowing .
he was n't one hundred percent sure of her , him , or what the hell love really was , but there was one thing he 'd never question .
he said the most cryptic thing to me as i was leaving - that i should n't meet slash in person . ''
nate knew he was n't going to be able to trust a damn thing she said .
now that was a sweet thing to say .
given the look on brittany 's face and the loud gasp she gave , perhaps that was n't the wisest thing to say .
corbin hesitated , concerned he might say the wrong thing .
it was the one thing she could have said that would piss him off even further .
she glared at him , just to let him know the name thing had been a slip , one she was n't going to repeat .
which was absolutely the wrong thing to say to someone who was afraid of heights .
it was the only thing she was sure of before she collapsed into total oblivion .
the first thing out of the one 's mouth was , ` ` what the ? what happened to her ?
sure , he was cool with the whole honesty thing .
okay , so it had been a stupid thing to say .
give me the same thing . ''
cara was wondering that same thing .
that he was good at saying one thing and meaning another .
seamus was thinking the same thing .
it was a stupid , inane thing to say , but it was brutalizing him to think he had n't been there for her .
which meant the only thing that made sense was if ` ` i ' m a vampire . ''
it was the right thing to say , even if it rubbed against his every instinct of protectiveness .
now that i was in , and the beer had loosened my lips , i said the first thing that came into my head .
` ` yeah , without the u we do n't spell a damn thing , '' tyler told him , leaning over the table to fist bump with him .
` ` that 's the sexiest thing you ' ve ever said , '' he teased .
he smiled up at me over the contours of my body , and i felt overwhelmed , my chest heaving , my fingers shaking as i clenched the comforter , and i said the first thing that came into my head , the thing that was rising in me so quickly i could n't contain it .
he smiled up at me over the contours of my body , and i felt overwhelmed , my chest heaving , my fingers shaking as i clenched the comforter , and i said the first thing that came into my head , the thing that was rising in me so quickly i could n't contain it .
it was probably the boldest thing i 'd ever said to him , and he reacted exactly as i had hoped he would .
` ` there 's no point in speculating , '' i told him , which was a ridiculous thing for me to say .
given that it was the furthest thing from the truth , he clearly was just yanking jessica 's chain , but she was n't someone i would necessarily want to mess with .
i asked , which was absolutely a ridiculous thing to ask of nathan .
jessica squeezed my hand , and i knew she was thinking the same thing .
probably the nicest thing he 'd ever said to me , and i had no smartass response to it .
but it turned out it was the absolutely wrong thing to say .
he looked at me like this was the stupidest thing he 'd ever heard in the existence of stupid things .
i was n't the friend who knew the right thing to say .
maybe that was n't exactly the right thing to say .
of course , i could n't promise any such thing , but i did n't want to see him like that .
` ` you know the one thing i ' m afraid of . ''
it just seemed like the right thing to say .
` ` that 's a pretty goddamn rude thing to say to a chick . ''
that was a sweet thing to say , but i thought about it and wondered .
i said again , which was a totally moronic thing to say .
for a split second , i felt like myself , and i said the first thing that popped into my head .
it was the only thing i 'd been sure of all summer .
it was just a standard thing to say , i guess , but it was n't what i usually heard .
it was so the wrong thing to say .
her face had lost color , and i could see her searching for the right thing to say .
even though she was seriously drunk and did n't remember a thing , it had still been really hard for me to forgive her and impossible for me to forgive nathan .
it was an embarrassing thing to ask .
` ` i was starting to think the same thing , actually . ''
for a month every single thing i put in my mouth made me gag and tasted like someone dumped something metallic into it .
` ` that was the best thing i ' ve heard since i saw a video of kermit the frog covering a bee gees song . ''
i knew it was the worst possible thing to say the minute the words left my mouth .
now that he had to define it , he realized that might not have been the classiest thing to say to a woman like lizette .
then he forced himself to say the right thing , which was all true , but it did n't change the fact that his hand was shaking just a little .
` ` i do n't remember a thing !
because i ' m here with drake and we 're hungover and ca n't remember a damn thing .
he paused , trying to think of the right thing to say , when he heard her say to herself , ` ` this was not how this job was supposed to go .
she said the first thing that came to mind , a joke she normally would have kept to herself .
` ` i ca n't imagine why i would say such a thing . ''
that was the hottest thing he 'd ever heard in his entire life .
it was a completely cornball , lame - ass thing to say , but it was how he felt .
drake glanced at josie lynn , who was already looking at him , and he could tell she was thinking the same thing .
oh dear god , please tell me i did n't say that jell - o thing aloud .
even as long as all of his friends had all lived , it still seemed like a weird thing to say .
just f**k . drake 's brain seemed to be telling him the same thing , because his hand slipped between her thighs , nudging her tiny lace panties aside to rub the already - wet flesh underneath .
the only thing he could say in his own defense was that he had n't experienced the death of a friend in a very long time .
` ` no , '' saxon said , making a face like that was the dumbest thing he 'd ever heard .
drake gave him a pointed look , clearly thinking the very same thing .
one thing was becoming clear .
beside cort , katie must have wondered the same thing , because she shifted closer to him .
it was another thing nigel said .
so much for this whole ` ` vampires being monsters '' thing .
she remembered every horrible thing that caroline had said about the man , from the grimace she always gave when she brought up his name , to the fact that he had run through four assistants in the previous year .
now , that was a stupid thing to say .
then he 'd met her at the gate before boarding , and she 'd realized she had n't embellished a single thing .
placated , yet simultaneously unnerved by the whole plural pronoun thing , mandy curled her feet under her legs and snuggled beneath the blanket .
without meaning to , her fingers trailed across the shells as she stared deep into his ocean blue eyes , and she could n't think of a single thing to say .
i was thinking the same thing about you . ''
he realized what a stupid thing that was to say .
the one thing she was n't going to do was settle for cryptic , not now , when he 'd woken her up in the middle of a rem cycle .
she could n't say the right thing at social events , she could n't keep her clothes neat , and she could n't seem to figure out how to balance her checkbook .
` ` i 'll have the same thing . ''
that was the single most delicious thing any man had ever said to her .
it was the wrong thing to ask .
for one thing , i do n't think this is your sort of party , marley .
` ` that 's the most depressing thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
and if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , it 's that you can not control someone else . ''
that was a really stupid thing to say , but it had just slipped out , anna 's explanation shocking her .
that was a stupid thing to say .
can you imagine such a thing ?
it was exactly the right thing to say to revive lizzie 's anger .
` ` i ' m leaving louisiana , heading north , but i wanted to tell you one last thing before i go . ''
the more accurate thing to say was that it was his punishment- an ignominy that ultimately punished all the women he encountered .
his editor complained about not being able to drink caffeine past seven , so it seemed like a safe thing to say .
she had heard all of those things , a hundred times over , from coworkers , friends , and neighbors who genuinely wanted what was best for her , but did n't understand a damn thing .
and while i know you 're wrong on a lot of levels , you got one thing right .
` ` because i thought the same thing you did .
the relief that it had n't been him , the very thing he had longed to believe for so many years , his innocence , did n't bring the comfort gabriel had thought it would .
somehow it was the right thing to say , yet the completely wrong thing she needed to hear .
somehow it was the right thing to say , yet the completely wrong thing she needed to hear .
it was the only thing that made sense to her .
no such thing as black and white .
her ex - husband would have scoffed and made fun of her for thinking such a thing , but felix did n't seem to think anything of it at all .
that look he gave her , that burning intense stare , always meant one thing .
that was another thing she believed .
people who just walked out on you without a word and disappeared from all social media and you heard not one goddamn thing from them in four years and they could be dead for all you knew .
it was a weird thing to say .
` ` that was a bitchy thing for me to say .
which was the worst thing to say .
that was the dumbest thing i 'd ever heard .
it was a truly bratty thing to say , but i felt terrified .
but it was the wrong thing to say and i knew it immediately .
it was an inane thing to say , but i was caught off guard , and a tiny bit of fear crept back in .
yet if i knew one thing , it was that she never made a threat she was n't prepared to keep .
you could never say the wrong thing if you said nothing at all .
that was the last thing devin needed to hear someone say .
even though i knew if the roles were reversed i would be saying the same thing .
it was basically the best thing that had ever happened to me .
it was the next thing out of gran 's coral lipstick - rimmed mouth that had her questioning the woman 's sanity .
` ` shelby , i asked one simple thing of your grandmother .
which was a damn tacky thing to say , in boston 's opinion .
never saw a damn thing .
boston had often thought the same thing about his mother .
that did n't tell him a damn thing .
shelby just nodded , not sure what the right thing to say was when discussing your sex life with a geriatric relative .
she started to open her mouth , to what purpose she did n't know , since she could n't think of a thing to say , but danny stopped her by holding up his hand .
except she knew she wanted boston - that was the only thing she seemed to be clear on .
since she could n't think of a damned thing to say , her mind a jumbled mass of confusion , she just nodded and did as he suggested .
shelby had never been the type who knew how to soothe and comfort , or say the right thing to defuse a situation .
one thing she knew without a doubt .
he threw her words right back at her , and the whole thing made amanda want to laugh .
but she had n't liked the whole apology thing .
bad thing to say , since he was walking toward her .
there was no such thing as mental health counseling . ''
it was the most ridiculous thing she 'd ever heard .
his grandmother made a sound of dismissal like that was the stupidest thing she 'd ever heard .
she had heard a thing or two she would have preferred missing many a night on her way to the bathroom .
it was the only thing that made sense , yet it was so bizarre to him that he could n't formulate a response .
` ` start with the first thing that comes to mind . ''
she laughed , and it was the best thing he 'd heard all day .
he knew another thing or two that was bound to be juicy .
her parents appeared and there were words exchanged , crap about sheets and extra pillows and coffee , and she did n't hear a damn thing because she felt as awkward as she had the day she 'd gotten her first period and her grandmother had baked her a cake in celebration of her womanhood .
` ` that 's the meanest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
that only means one thing ... momma 's home .
i drop my eyes to my lap before i think things i have no place thinking .
` ` and d'ya know the worst thing ? ''
the half - empty vodka bottle and empty glass tell me the same thing .
` ` again with the whole not helping thing . ''
` ` because no one ever told me a damn thing until friday . ''
hana glares at him , not saying a thing .
maybe the ' help ' thing is just a ruse for that . ''
'' do n't you start with the ' jen ' thing , '' she warns me .
'' he said pretty much the same thing . ''
there is n't a way that i can show you , ever since i ' ve come to know you , it 's every little thing you say , that makes me wan na feel this way .
i should have persuaded vi to tell her weeks ago , but then it 's not really the kind of thing you drop into a conversation is it ?
` ` not until you can prove that everything you just said is it , the real thing . ''
he could teach his sister a thing or two . ''
nina blinks harshly but does n't say another thing .
` ` i did n't tell nina a damn thing . ''
you do n't have to believe a damn thing i say , conner .
i ' ve learned a lot about my heart since i left , and the main thing i ' ve learned is that it 's a dreamer .
my heart clenches with another thing missed .
when i told her i 'd fuck her hard , she all but froze , yet only five minutes later she 's threatening the same thing back to me .
this no talking thing is tense , even if i do hate the guy .
it 's wednesday , and i have n't heard a thing from pearce .
` ` and that 's the truest thing i ' ve heard all day . ''
` ` you 'd say the same thing if you shared a bed with her .
` ` you say that e'ry week , boy , and i 'll keep on saying the same thing back - i wish you 'd stop goin ' on about me smoking these ' damn things ' . ''
if there was such a thing as too many books , i might agree with lila when she says i read too many .
the thing that keeps the demons at bay and stops them clawing at the corners of my mind .
` ` the first thing you need to know is that your mom was n't always the person you knew .
it was the same thing over and over .
and one thing is all it takes to change your life .
` ` wait , is it too late to take back that age thing ?
british and english are pretty much the same thing .
an unsettling cloud lowers over us , and i know i ' ve said the wrong thing .
before i can say another thing , those baby blues are focused back on mine and holding me trapped .
i look at him , not saying a thing as he steps inside and shuts the door behind him .
and the worst thing , the thing that haunts me the most is i see her holding her ballet shoes to her chest .
and the worst thing about it all is she never should have been alone that afternoon .
likely because i 'll say the wrong thing , because right now , i very much want him to touch me .
` ` you realize we were set up , '' is the first thing i say when he releases me .
i wish i could throw every piece of bullshit away and give him the thing he wants , because godfuckingdammit !
she 's still sitting in my arms , her legs hooked over mine , staring at me like it 's the last thing she ever expected me to say .
the thing that 's holding us is the strength of our addictions .
sometimes , believing the wrong thing will keep you sane .
` ` sexiest thing i ' ve heard in a while . ''
` ` that thing about brits being polite ?
the unplanned hug was one thing .
` ` she said the same thing , but i reminded her that sometimes entire families went on mission trips .
` ` my mother said the same thing every time she would leave for her next peace corps mission .
god , when i think about ... '' she could n't travel that pathway in her thoughts ; she just had to know one thing first .
a code he knew meant only one thing .
the words resonated , reminding him of how he 'd said the same thing to his teammates in the past .
for the first time in six months , he had rachel with him in the flesh , and when he looked at her , the last thing he thought about was his mother .
i just need to know one thing .
liam looked from rocha to james and could see they feared the same thing .
` ` i ' m not even sure where to start and i would n't want to say the wrong thing . ''
` ` about that thing i said when we were stuck together , about how i miss ... '' ` ` sex . ''
she 'd learned one thing for sure .
he searched for the right thing to say ... and came up dry .
` ` that 's a very sensitive thing to say . ''
she loved him , so much she wondered if there could be such a thing as too much .
remember the thing i said you needed to know ? ''
if she could just piss off berg enough , she sensed he would snap and slip , say one little thing wrong that would enable her to secure a conviction .
her husband had said much the same thing too many times to count .
you do n't have to prove a thing .
not a couple of words on paper , but the real thing . ''
` ` not a very nice thing to say when i put my emotions on my shirt cuff , colonel . ''
` ` now that was totally the right thing to say . ''
okay , so that was the last thing mason had expected to hear , either , but who the hell cared right now ?
` ` chuck said the same thing to me at his apartment .
slowly his eyes adjusted , but he did n't need to say a thing to mason .
hell , he 'd even been trying to convince himself of the same thing .
her mouth fell open , and she searched for the perfect thing to say back to such a beautiful way of spelling out his feelings .
one thing was completely clear .
one thing 's for certain .
` ` i have no intention of denying a thing .
` ` so the whole ' i am mars , god of war ' thing ...
it was the last thing he 'd expected to hear from sexy , full - on chloe nelson , but it explained that vulnerable vibe he kept getting from her .
he 'd been dodging her rather than risk hurting her by saying the wrong thing .
` ` that 's not a very nice thing to say . ''
` ` the guy offered to drop the puppy off at the local shelter , which was totally the wrong thing to say to my grandmother .
she scrambled for the right thing to say but could only hold him tighter to let him know she was here to listen .
` ` the next thing i remember is stumbling to my feet , confused .
she had n't expected declarations of undying love , certainly was n't sure she could have handled it if he 'd said any such thing .
` ` however , boys , if you know the first thing about your mother , you understand she can kick my butt all on her own if the need arises .
we can say whatever we want , even if it 's a damn awful first date wrong thing to say . ''
she had most definitely said the wrong first date thing .
maybe the whole move - in thing had been some spontaneous goof - up that he already regretted now that the lauren person had called .
how could she be sure she would say the right thing here and now ?
because it was really important he say the right thing to this woman who 'd said more right things to him than anyone in his life .
because it was really important he say the right thing to this woman who 'd said more right things to him than anyone in his life .
nola struggled for the right thing to say , but she did n't have any experience with teens .
except she could n't help but think of how long her mother had told herself the very same thing .
` ` about that ' sir ' thing ... '' carson climbed the front steps , meeting j.t .
he tasted of toothpaste and mangoes and a hint of sweat , and oh , she had n't imagined a thing .
what a dumb - ass thing to say guaranteed to spook her .
had n't she thought the very same thing about her daughter 's lack of smiles and laughter just a couple of days ago ?
he did know one thing , clear as day .
he let her words rattle around in his head for a minute until he determined there was n't a thing he could say to reassure her .
vic had told him the same thing about her faltering relationship with haugen , but it felt damn good hearing the words from her mouth .
josh stifled the urge to let loose a string of curses , all directed at himself for being a dumb ass and spilling the one thing he 'd vowed never to say to her .
i did n't say one damned thing . ''
` ` the most important thing a guy can learn from experience is that every woman is different .
her stomach was already poking out a little and still she did n't say a thing to anybody about being pregnant .
at least he 'd gotten one thing right during the talk with chris .
one thing to be grateful for from her childhood .
i respect one thing .
i can tell you 're still pissed with me over the yasmine thing . ''
` ` good god , korba , that ' wife ' thing back at the warrior inn in nevada was true ?
i ' ve been thinking the same sort of thing myself lately .
he might not be much with pretty words , but he sure as shit understood a thing or two about the subtle nuances of pleasure he would like to teach this woman .
an even tougher thing to admit .
dig deep for the right thing to say , korba .
had n't jack said something close to the same thing about the way his father expected him to kick ass for women ?
he might be confused about a boatload of things at the moment , but he knew one thing for certain .
i heard the same thing .
failing at a relationship is one thing .
max did n't need the words to confirm a thing .
well , i ' m telling you the same thing .
she only knew one thing for certain .
there was n't a thing he could say to make this easier for her .
hell of a thing to say to a guy only weeks away from the altar .
` ` kathleen , now hold on- '' ` ` let me make one thing clear , bennett , in case you were wondering . ''
she clenched her jaw rather than speak words that would n't change a thing .
one thing was blatantly clear .
a child 's unconditional love certainly was a powerful thing .
as if there could be such a thing .
` ` that 's an awful thing to say . ''
` ` now that is the hottest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
shock numbed hillary as she absorbed the last thing she 'd expected to hear .
` ` i know , i know , i ' ve thought the same thing . ''
but one thing he knew for sure .
that 's the only thing he 's said to me in days .
and if such a thing were true , just how long could molly keep it from hunter ?
how many more times will you lead me to believe one thing , then pull the rug out from under me again ?
she felt a keen sense of disappointment in paul markham , something that seemed to grow with each new thing they learned about the man .
so just tell me one thing .
because she had a few things to say to her mother that could n't wait until the next time the woman flitted into the country .
` ` it 's not a simple one thing . ''
the thing is , if you care about hunter and you trust his judgment , then you need to know one more thing about our past . ''
all the things they had n't said , lacey felt in the sweet , reverent way his mouth lingered on hers .
` ` hunter asked me the same thing last night and i shut him out . ''
` ` mom ... .. '' ` ` the thing about loving someone is that you do n't need to rehash things , '' his mother said , letting him off the hook .
` ` how could you say such a thing in front of my mother ? ''
his leaving was the best thing that could have ever happened to us .
open mouth and pop out the thing on my mind .
because if i know one thing , it 's that my car 's tires are expensive .
he stills above me as if that 's the last thing he expects to hear .
` ` i will , but first tell me one thing .
` ` i 'll say one thing , you 're not a cheap date . ''
she and mike were an explosion waiting to happen and carly knew one thing for certain .
` ` do you think there 's such a thing as too much passion ? ''
` ` seems to me i told you the same thing a little while ago .
so you label us with the one thing that scares you above all else , you beat yourself up for acting selfishly like your father and you run .
just remember one thing . ''
everything he 's done since he 's been back proves one thing to me . ''
` ` and while we 're at it , i 'd appreciate it if you 'd remember one thing : i ' m not peter .
every damn thing she made him feel was good .
i only ask one thing in return . ''
` ` i 'd never say such a thing . ''
he 'd told nikki the same thing when she 'd asked him if he 'd read the information she 'd given him .
i suppose the next thing you 're going to tell me is you do n't love her . ''
knowing he had only one thing left to say , and knowing it was max 's only hope , he handed him the pamphlets and papers nikki had given him on treatment programs for alcoholics .
but when i catch up with you later , you should know one thing . ''
` ` may i add one more thing , sir ? ''
semantics aside , it all amounts to the same thing .
jeff had told her the same thing many times in the course of their short marriage .
at that moment , the only thing he felt sure of was that he did n't want mrs . baxter to arrive and find them naked in the den .
` ` griff , there is one thing i need to ask . ''
he hardly looked the abusive type , but then , there was no such thing .
` ` i take back every rotten thing i ever thought about those animals , '' he said .
all the women who ' ve been here say the same thing , but once you make a plan , once you start looking forward to a healthy future , it 's going to be worth it . ''
` ` i just expect one thing , '' she said , forcing herself to turn and face him .
` ` your father used to say the same thing .
mike said the only thing that came to mind .
god , mike admired the man even more - and he had n't thought such a thing was possible .
` ` sure thing , '' he said instead .
` ` want to know one more thing ?
the only thing he could say in his defense was that he 'd never led her on or promised her anything more than what they shared .
mike had said plenty , but the one thing that hit cole hardest was the idea of erin with another man .
cara said the same thing on the way over here . ''
not that he 'd tell his superiors any such thing .
` ` cole said the same thing to me once .
` ` sure thing , '' erin promised .
` ` ca n't argue with that , '' cole said , not surprised erin was the one thing they agreed on .
that was the last thing he 'd expected her to say .
` ` the other thing i wanted to tell you is that i have to get back home soon .
he hesitated before saying the next thing , but decided he had to get it out before the feelings poisoned him even more .
` ` do you really think i ' m buying this whole nicole - and - i - are - meant - for - each - other thing ?
she had to admit that as the driver hovered on her tail , she 'd thought the same thing .
` ` it 's not the same thing , but i know what it 's like to miss someone you care about .
` ` is n't that the same thing i told you the other day ? ''
until he faced his past and his feelings , understanding was the only thing she could offer him now .
one thing rina could say for her friend , she did n't have a problem getting an initial date .
he 'd once asked her to tell him the same thing , and he was grateful she 'd cared enough to ask .
` ` if you insist on wearing that dress , i ca n't promise a thing . ''
that was the hardest thing to grasp , rina thought , and an even more difficult thing to forgive .
that was the hardest thing to grasp , rina thought , and an even more difficult thing to forgive .
how could he have listened to her hopes and dreams , all the while knowing he intended to crush them , and never reveal a thing ?
jake mentally took back any bad thing he 'd ever said or thought about the dog .
you 're not listening to a damn thing i have to say , '' the lieutenant muttered , his gaze settling behind him on brianne .
you need to know one last thing .
a lifetime , the one thing they could never share , was the one thing he could so easily imagine .
the truth , the one thing that could give them a future , could also tear them apart .
` ` tell me one thing first . ''
had n't her father said the same thing to her mother the night before he 'd walked out for good ?
he 'd realize the same thing .
` ` that 's not a nice thing to say .
one more thing they had in common .
but i would like to tell you one thing before i go . ''
` ` you were quiet for so long i was about to ask you the same thing . ''
it was the only thing he could offer her .
` ` i want to get one thing straight . ''
there is no such thing and i 'll make sure you have plenty of time to remember that while you 're walking the beat for the next month . ''
that was the last thing he 'd expected to hear .
kane had told himself the same thing .
he might not get it , but he knew one thing for sure - he was n't finished with the good doctor just yet .
she said the first thing that came to mind .
hell , there 'd been only one thing dare had ever kept from nash , and dare had paid for the secret in spades .
i just wanted to say one serious thing .
regardless of who did or did n't line up for her , dare knew enough to realize the first thing she 'd ask him once she woke up was about her brother .
liza did n't know what possessed her to admit such a thing , but though tess had a smart mouth , she did n't seem to mean any harm .
well , her brother 's , technically , but in her mind it equaled the same thing .
more like mia , but liza was n't about to admit such a thing .
hell , he needed to know the same thing .
` ` your brother asked me the same thing . ''
the last thing i 'd call you is a jerk . ''
` ` i think our sister might have a thing or two to say about the change of plans , '' nash said .
nash turned to leave , but kelly , stunned by nash 's revelations , still had one thing more to add .
` ` i never assumed any such thing , '' kelly said with a light laugh .
` ` i think mary will have a thing or two to say about you trying to do too much too soon , '' nash warned him , knowing his former mother - in - law and deflecting his own concern .
because the one thing she clearly did n't want to give him was the truth .
` ` there 's one more thing i wanted to ask you . ''
as for guilt , that 's the dumbest thing i ever heard . ''
in the aftermath , nash could only think of one thing that would make him feel better .
` ` the only thing i want to hear now is you 'll come . ''
he 'd wanted one thing from her and she 'd given it to him .
obviously he did n't know the first thing about the people in his life .
and he did n't know the first thing about himself .
the first thing people think when they see you is , he 's rigid .
` ` ethan said the same thing , '' kelly said with a small smile .
` ` i was just telling her the same thing myself , '' trevor said , unable to hide his pleasure at being with her .
` ` when faith got together with ethan , i took great pleasure in reminding her that though he could wrap a woman around his finger , he did n't know the first thing about sticking around . ''
she was mortified he 'd homed in on the one thing she 'd never admitted out loud - or even to herself .
` ` one thing is for sure - no matter how you come by them , children are a lifetime responsibility and when they 're stepchildren , so are their biological parents , '' alex said .
he had n't walked out on lissa easily or lightly , but he 'd done it based on the main thing alex had said that made sense .
there 's one more thing i want to say before you speak , okay ? ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight , okay ? ''
he could charm a girl out of her panties , but he does n't know the first thing about sticking around . ''
` ` actually , i know no such thing , '' faith said .
instead , he 'd discovered that with faith , there was no such thing .
` ` same thing i thought the first day we met here when you 'd just come back to town .
her voice was the sweetest thing he 'd ever heard .
she repeated the same thing in the same low tone .
` ` i was n't talking to you for one thing .
` ` i thought the same thing myself the first time i took tess to her shrink .
what an awful thing for me to bring up .
now , whatever had possessed him to admit such a thing ?
my mother said the same thing about him . ''
` ` sure thing , '' derek said .
meanwhile , she opened the note , but the only thing on the paper inside was a name .
she had one more thing he needed to hear from her before he found out on the streets of stewart or perkins .
i have one more thing to say , '' elizabeth said .
tears fell from her eyes as she admitted the most painful thing of all .
` ` i ' m not sure exactly which thing you 're referring to . ''
the same thing she apparently told you .
even first thing in the morning , while tousled and sleepy , she was too damn appealing .
` ` same thing that happens in the end to every corwin man .
so just tell me one thing . ''
he glanced at the plate and spoke the first thing that came to mind .
a feeling of deja vu overtook her and lauren suspected she 'd told beth the same thing last week .
` ` next thing you 'll be telling me is that the woman i 'll meet will be wearing a red mask . ''
lauren was n't a cat person by nature and she did n't know the first thing about having one , but this animal did n't seem to care .
surely she was smart enough to realize the same thing .
` ` but i do need you to remember one thing for after work hours . ''
i was wondering the same thing myself . ''
as long as you promise me one thing ? ''
and though he could live on another kind of food , she obviously needed the real thing .
` ` is n't that the most ridiculous thing you ' ve ever heard ? ''
` ` the girls have been telling me the same thing . ''
the best thing annabelle could say about the place was that she 'd be guaranteed breathing room and space away from the hot - blooded athlete to whom she was so attracted .
she hung up before he could reply , which was a good thing since he really did n't want her owing him a damn thing .
` ` that 's the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' annabelle finally said .
different textures , different feelings , but one thing never changed .
that 's a simple , easy thing to give if you feel the same way in return . ''
` ` tell me one thing , '' she said as she turned the key in the lock , then glanced over her shoulder at him .
` ` what a rude thing to say to the woman paid to make you look good . ''
` ` well that 's something ` ` her uncle had said the same thing .
micki sensed the same thing here .
` ` they said the same thing about you . ''
` ` actually the last thing my father said was that i should grab onto you and not let you go . ''
and hand him this one thing more .
she gathered her courage because what she was about to say was the last thing she wanted , but she had ho choice .
` ` he told me and if you ask him outright , he 'll tell you the same thing .
i mean how many women in your life thought the same thing ? ''
from the dreamy look in her eyes , she was thinking the exact same thing .
it was probably the first honest thing she 'd said all night .
she 'd thought the same thing .
` ` he 's got no good reason to say a thing like that . ''
our tech guys are suspicious , but whoever hacked in was so good , they ca n't prove a thing . ''
he 'd thought about the same thing .
` ` how could you say such a thing ?
` ` you pampered city girls do n't know the first thing about good ice cream . ''
the question for me is exactly how such a thing got out . ''
the woman would n't give him credit for a dang thing .
that is the most disgusting , scary thing i ' ve ever heard .
there 's one more thing you need to know , '' ben said , looking down as he spoke .
but i could n't judge him too harshly , because if audrey said the same thing , i 'd do it .
that seemed to be the only thing i could say .
and the other thing i learned ?
that was the thing i 'd gone to sleep thinking and i 'd woken up thinking it .
she gave me a look as if i 'd just said the dumbest thing in the history of dumb things .
it was the first thing that came to mind .
we were silent for a few more moments and then i had to say the thing that i knew we were both thinking .
i should n't have said anything , '' aud said , as if i 'd be mad at her for such a thing .
` ` that 's such a sexist thing to say , that women are just a bunch of people who all think the same way . ''
love is the scariest f**king thing you 'll ever do .
my mother had said the same thing .
i only heard eddie 's side of the conversation with maria , and i wished i could have heard the whole thing .
onions , garlic , herbs , chicken broth , a whole lot of other things that i could n't remember .
` ` you 're not supposed to argue with me , i ' m ill . what if i die and the last thing you said to me was mean ?
` ` ooohhh , what a romantic thing to say , '' i said .
i 'd been waiting for her to ask me this very thing and now that she had , i was f**king terrified .
i told them all the same thing .
i said , saying the thing i knew she was thinking .
i had a feeling i knew where this was going , and everyone else was whispering the same thing around me .
i wanted to ask him if he was going to just move in , but i was kind of giving him the silent treatment for the thing about the coffeepot .
` ` that is not the meanest thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
i guess it was just such a personal thing that i was putting out there .
` ` that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me , '' i said , touching her shoulder .
` ` it 's a good thing to say , '' i said , letting her go as i went back to my homework .
` ` that 's kind of a dick thing to say about other girls , dusty . ''
it should have been the most awkward thing ever , but dusty was treating it like no big deal .
and then he said the thing that pulled the world out from under me .
` ` not the best thing to bring up right now , dusty . ''
that was the thing that made the most sense in all of this .
your voice is saying one thing and your lips and your body are saying another .
if you do n't believe any other thing i say , believe this .
he hung up and that was the last thing he said to me .
she said sweet things , and i listened and tried to look like i was listening and absorbing and that she was being helpful .
he was so sure of himself , spoke as if it was such an easy thing to say .
` ` that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
and for the life of him , he could think of not one single additional thing to say .
but he did seem like the kind of man who would buy in to that whole ` ` women say one thing and mean another '' propaganda .
i mean , if you 're unemployed , that's- '' ` ` i ' m not unemployed , '' pax said , stung that she would think such a thing .
because if there was one thing she had learned this evening , it was that what michael had created for himself was exactly what she had always hoped to find for herself , but which had eluded her in spite of her efforts .
most of the things adrian had said to hannah on the phone had been significant only in that they made michael want to vomit , on account of adrian 's terms of endearment consisted largely of food metaphors so sickly sweet they 'd put a diabetic into a coma .
her gaze flew to michael , who had halted with his hands hovering over the keyboard , obviously having heard the same thing she had .
expression thing again .
i would never write such a thing . ''
wondering even more why it hurt her so much to hear him say such a thing about michael and tiffannee belonging together .
the weight of her situation came crashing down on her then , and she realized the only thing she wanted was to go home .
` ` right now , '' she told him , ` ` the last thing i want to do is have sex with you . ''
his smile told her he was thinking pretty much the same thing .
dixon could n't imagine such a thing .
instead she heard herself say the strangest thing .
but her father seemed to have heard the same thing she did , because he replied in a surprisingly gentle voice , ` ` well .
there was a momentary pause at sorcerer 's end for typing , then another line appeared in the i m box : i could ask you the same thing .
it was the sort of thing she could see him saying to one of his vice presidents or corporate drones .
though maybe the fact that she 'd even thought such a thing was a good sign .
why would he lie about such a thing , when he 'd spent his life being such a strong family for her ?
should the poor man say the wrong thing in the wrong company ... well , one can hope , ca n't one ?
` ` besotted , befuddled , bewildered ... they 're all pretty much the same thing , when you get right down to it . ''
so much that he could n't even get a handle on one thing to make sense of it .
by then , sorcerer was tailing him , and when he saw you , too , he concluded the same thing . ''
` ` nothing , '' marnie said , not quite able to mask the desperation she felt at having to realize and admit such a thing .
the most important thing you need to know - at least , this was the most important thing to me - is that your ... our father loved our mother .
getting - to - know - you type stuff , the same thing he initially sent to avery nesbitt .
the reason she had n't been given any more information about joel than the essentials of name , rank and serial number - at least , technically speaking - was that she already knew the most important thing about him : that he 'd never been out in the field .
you would n't know the first thing about getting down . ''
` ` a lot of people think there 's no such thing as too much sex .
` ` there was a time when i would have laughed myself silly had someone said the same thing to me .
because one thing had become crystal clear to him over the past twenty - four hours .
` ` never the same man , mind , so it may be i ' ve entirely made the thing up . ''
she 'd let him kiss her and yet did n't know the first thing about him .
` ` my room , actually - or my father 's , which amounts to the same thing , '' george said , taking a chair and placing it so he faced the bed .
` ` that 's a romantic thing to say . ''
his words were slurring , but he had a sudden intense urge to make her understand one thing .
she recognized then the awful thing trying to burrow itself into her chest : the same hopeless regret she 'd felt on the night of roger 's death .
` ` what a smart girl you are , peach , to make note of such a thing . ''
at that winter smiled , for it was the one thing he was certain of .
the viscount blinked as if that were the last thing he expected .
` ` do n't ye know by now that decent is the last thing anyone would be a - callin ' me ?
perhaps he only sees you as an amusement , perhaps his plan is far worse , but in either case you can be sure of one thing : mickey o'connor is interested only in pleasing himself .
` ` and rather lacking in a sense of humor , '' isabel added to round the whole thing off .
` ` you must n't say a thing . ''
but one felt somehow that beauty in a marquess would be gauche , and gauche was the last thing one could call the marquess of mandeville .
` ` what a horrible thing to say , '' hero whispered .
` ` i admit no such thing , my lady . ''
as soon as the words left his lips , his brain finally - belatedly - roused itself , and he knew , absolutely and fatally , that it was the exact wrong thing to say .
` ` that 's not a very gentlemanly thing to say . ''
` ` and he wo n't say a damned thing if he wants to keep his position , '' griffin growled .
he sank to his knees , there in her room on the carpet that was worn in spots , and said the first thing that popped into his mind .
` ` what a nasty thing to say . ''
` ` what a terrible thing to say . ''
he closed his eyes , absorbing her pain , and repeated the only thing he knew to say .
what a very childish thing to say .
she 'd just told him of her greatest shame - a thing she 'd told no other person , not even silence - and he 'd accused her of ... what ?
for it was the sweetest thing winter could possibly say - and also the most horrible .
` ` what an arrogant thing to say , '' she whispered .
` ` why would he lie about such a thing ? ''
the one thing she 'd learned in her years in london was not to show fear before bullies .
abigail 's brows knit and he knew he had n't said quite the right thing .
if there was one thing she 'd learned in her chaotic , illogical , foolish life , it was this : love made her make incredibly stupid decisions .
she 'd tangled her fingers in his long hair at some point , and that lifeline was the only thing holding her earthbound .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' alistair said , because it was the only thing he could say .
that was the last thing she wanted - the last thing he 'd said he wanted .
he knew at once that it was not the right thing to say .
i ' m always saying the wrong thing , especially when i ' m nervous .
` ` what an awful thing to say . ''
but that was the wrong thing to say .
then she pulled her husband down into her arms and said the only thing she could .
` ` but how do you know it was someone from our side who wrote the blamed thing ?
` ` you must think that a silly thing to say , but it 's true .
it was the last thing she expected him to say .
` ` tell me one thing : is he going to make it ? ''
` ` funny , juliet requested the same thing of me . ''
but when he stepped out of the bathroom and found juliet outside the door , glaring at him , it was clear he did n't have to confess a damn thing .
` ` you know , i believe you said that exact same thing when we first met . ''
` ` that was the last thing he said to me , '' she admitted .
does n't mean a thing . ''
` ` i think that 's the most romantic thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` same thing i ' ve been telling him for the past five months .
he scanned his brain for the last thing he remembered .
aloud , d said , ` ` sure thing , doc . ''
lex had n't been able to confirm a goddamn thing .
` ` sure thing , russ .
` ` i ' m thinking the same thing , '' ethan murmured .
she was thinking the same damn thing .
because trevor could honestly say this was the farthest thing from it .
` ` that 's a very frank thing to say . ''
knowing the only way he could derail this attraction was by making conversation , he said the first thing that popped into his head .
` ` it 's this thing i like to say when i- forget it . ''
that could mean only one thing .
` ` well , the investors thing is probably a lie .
` ` that 's probably the right thing to say , huh ? ''
but what 's the true thing ? ''
` ` the only thing i do know is that i ' ve been thinking about you a lot over the past six months .
but the guard must have seen the same thing luke had glimpsed on d 's face , because the hand hovering over the radio flopped onto the floor and the man 's huge body went limp with defeat .
the thing i said about his love for danger ?
the question had a few of the others murmuring , as if they 'd been wondering the same thing .
he 'd give her any damn thing she asked for , if only to see that gorgeous smile of hers .
she nodded , then uttered the first thing that came to mind .
make that the only thing that came to mind .
` ` i made a big thing about how i ' m not into women , how they disgust me .
` ` god , abby , that 's the most insane thing i ' ve ever heard .
we all know you were thinking the same thing . ''
other than noelle , isabel roma was probably the closest thing abby had to a friend , but again , her participation would rely on what noelle said to her .
flashes of my father saying the exact same thing about every boy who bothered to look sideways at me jolt through my brain , and suddenly , my newfound freedom does n't seem so free anymore .
holt and i burst into laughter like it 's the most hilarious thing we ' ve ever heard .
` ` taylor , i ' m a lot of things , but i can assure you that the one thing i ' m not is a good guy .
i want to be accepted and say the right thing .
that 's not the only thing holt taught me , but it 's the thing i remember most .
that 's not the only thing holt taught me , but it 's the thing i remember most .
` ` except for that whole thing about having multiple orgasms , '' he says and raises an eyebrow .
` ` before i go , i just need to know one thing . ''
his words are slurred , and i wonder if he 'd have said such a thing without the drugs in his system .
` ` i have n't said a thing . ''
they 're filled with vague ramblings of regret , but there 's one thing he never said .
one thing i needed to hear so much back then to reassure me that what i 'd felt for him was n't completely one - sided .
i thought i should be troubled or repulsed by such a thing but i was n't .
i shuddered at the reminder of the loss of liz and mick , but one thing these past couple months had taught me was that there was never any time for the dead .
it had been the wrong thing to say as black raced through the veins in his arms and his hand clenched briefly on my neck .
i had n't known what to expect once we got in there , but what he 'd just said was the absolute last thing i had expected to hear .
jessica tells me it is the same with leo and the others have reported the same thing to me .
i was thinking the same thing as they retreated around the corner and i pulled the lighter from my pocket .
we ca n't say the same thing in another hour , or even another half an hour .
that he may think that i meant hope for him and i again , when that was the last thing in the world i 'd meant .
but there was one thing i had learned over the past month , it was never just nothing .
it was more than great ; it was the best thing i 'd heard in days .
` ` but there is one more thing that you need to know before you make your choice .
one thing that could make you hate me forever . ''
the last thing i felt like doing was returning to that house , with all of its loving memories , and reminders of things lost .
i was thinking the same exact thing as a small light flared into the tiny room .
azami must have realized the same thing .
sam took a breath , wanting to make certain he said the right thing .
the ghostwalkers many times had said exactly the same thing .
basically , sam , he said the same thing about you .
` ` rose , you have to know a few things about me .
if there was one thing he knew for certain , it was that whitney would never get his hands on the boy or rose .
who had taught those things to rose ?
that had been the wrong thing to say .
i do n't know the first thing about raising a child . ''
if it meant that much to kane to guard her back , then she needed to concede to him this one thing .
` ` thanks , rhianna , that 's a nice thing to say .
the same thing could n't be said of the pararescue men .
you are n't going to do one single thing to joe .
` ` funny , i was thinking the same thing about you . ''
he did n't want to brawl in front of joe , but the moment kane said the wrong thing , there were going to be a few punches thrown .
so , exactly not the kind of thing you often are asked for in security questions like , ' your mother 's maiden name , ' ' your favorite pet 's name'- that sort of thing .
it was the last thing he expected out of her mouth .
his team knew him well and they all realized that was the last thing griffen should have said .
i told you the one thing about me not another living person knows , and you believe i used it to get you in bed .
it was the last thing she expected , and it wiped the sassy grin right off her face .
if this were brian 's show you would never have said such a stupid thing ! ''
` ` we do n't have to answer the damn thing , '' jess groused .
i can take out our enemies and no one will ever be able to prove a thing . ''
` ` the only thing i can think of .
but with a sinking heart she knew if jesse said just the right thing , looked at her a certain way , she 'd give in - because she loved him .
she stared at him wide - eyed , frowning a little , trying to assimilate why he would ask such a thing .
i do n't know the first thing about her .
you do n't know the first thing about me or my life .
hell , i thought the same thing , but it is n't true .
` ` the other thing i think we 're going to have to accept , '' ken said , ` ` is that whitney has his own team , men reported dead , men who have , like us , gone through the school of warfare , special ops training , and had plenty of experience .
that was the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever heard .
it was the last thing she 'd expected him to say .
` ` there 's one more thing you should know .
the one thing she 'd learned about whitney over the years was that he had poor social skills .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about what happened to me , so shut up . ''
maybe there was n't such a thing .
i would n't know the first thing about living in the real world .
he gave her the only thing he could , although it cost him a great deal of what was left of his pride .
they 'd never lived in a home and did n't know the first thing about living in a relationship .
her brothers would have told her the exact same thing .
he was rough and dominant and did n't know the first thing about innocents .
the one thing i can say for certain is that it will affect the baby . ''
he did n't know the first thing about her determination .
briony smiled at the waiter and took between her palms the cup of coffee he placed in front of her , her mind racing with the things kadan had said .
he could n't conceive of such a thing .
why the hell had he ever said such a stupid thing to her brother ?
` ` i was just going to tell you the same thing , '' jack said .
i do n't know the first thing about babies . ''
` ` you remember one thing .
it was the last thing he expected her to say , and he stopped in his tracks , suspicion on his face .
` ` he said the same thing to me once . ''
` ` a lot of the families around here think the same thing , but what if they 're wrong ?
you knew what i was thinking , because you were thinking the same thing .
that was the first thing i checked for .
why had n't she considered that it would be the first thing the woman asked her ?
she watched as he circled the rigid length of his shaft with his fist as he said some thing in french she wished she understood .
you do n't know the first thing about me .
that was the first thing lily asked too .
you know i ' ve been sittin ' here imagining all sorts of things and then you go and say a thing like that . ''
and the computer probably tells him the same thing it tells lily .
it 's like she woke up one morning to discover her father was a madman and every thing she believed in was a lie .
` ` nonny says the same thing about lily , '' flame said after a long silence .
it 's just that i did n't understand a damn thing you said . ''
if there was one thing she was certain of , it was that he knew what he was doing .
it had been a terrible thing to hear , to witness .
i ' m not a filthy ra**st . you were right there along with me , feeling the same thing . ''
he was certain of only one thing .
` ` you managed to think of the one thing to say that gives me no other recourse . ''
` ` i do n't always know the right thing to say .
` ` it is n't the same thing , dahlia . ''
that 's a nice thing for you to say . ''
it was the only thing she could think to say .
i do n't know the first thing about keeping hearts .
` ` no , but he has to be thinking the same thing .
` ` you always seem to say the right thing to make me feel better . ''
i do n't even know the first thing about my culture , about my people .
it was the right thing to say to propel dahlia out of the car and into lily 's arms .
the knowledge was instinctive , the one thing she was certain of .
` ` did you get the same thing ? ''
she did n't want to say or do the wrong thing .
surely dax could n't know such a thing about weston .
` ` you always know the right thing to say to me to make me feel better .
in my time , there was no such thing .
` ` bardolf believes he 's in a full partnership with abel , but there is no such thing among vampires , and ultimately , abel and bardolf are both vampires .
fen could n't believe what a difference such a small thing meant .
` ` you must know razvan would never hold such a thing against you .
` ` he says that kind of thing to all of us to make himself look better .
fen had realized the same thing some time ago , but he 'd suspected it was too late for his brother .
it was the last thing skyler expected , but she realized his revelation and demands made perfect sense .
worse , paul and josef now say the same thing . ''
it was the first truly insulting thing arno had said .
i would never have believed such a thing of him .
if there was one thing he knew for absolute certain , she had been there .
it might be the only thing he knew for certain .
it was the last thing he expected her to say .
there is no such thing as a character flaw in a dragonseeker woman . ''
she always managed to say the right thing .
` ` that 's an extraordinary thing to say to me , '' zev said .
she took a breath and forced herself to say the one thing she feared above all others - the one thing she 'd known when she saw the shadow and knew who had made it .
she took a breath and forced herself to say the one thing she feared above all others - the one thing she 'd known when she saw the shadow and knew who had made it .
` ` why would you ever say such a thing to me ?
even when his own beliefs said one thing , he tried to keep an open mind and really listen and give credence to the other side of issues .
meg must have been thinking the same thing when she asked , ` ` how do you screen people for this service ?
` ` people say the same thing about mike .
` ` your brother said the same thing . ''
she hesitated , then said the first thing that came to her head .
but if there was one thing karen had learned after living with a wine connoisseur for a year , the covers of these books did n't always match the insides .
all across the country , small - town america celebrated its stars with freeway signs that boasted things like hilton , utah , home of michael wolfe , hoping to draw in tourist dollars .
` ` tell you the same thing i told the pigs .
he swallowed , hard , and said the only thing he could .
needs the tax write - off or some such thing . ''
` ` might be the closest thing you get to a bachelorette party if michael moves as fast as i think he will . ''
gwen was n't sure of anything ... but it seemed the right thing to say .
gwen was sure of no such thing ... but if there was one thing she had learned after living in the states for nearly a year it was that americans were wonderful at saying things they did n't mean .
gwen was sure of no such thing ... but if there was one thing she had learned after living in the states for nearly a year it was that americans were wonderful at saying things they did n't mean .
` ` not the same thing , neil , and you know it . ''
a call to eliza , just to say she was alive ... and maybe she could find out a thing or two about major blayney .
the mps kept neil away , probably asking him the same thing and making sure their stories did n't vary .
` ` everyone says the same thing .
no one outside said a thing , but zod kept barking .
damn dog looked like he wanted a scooby snack or some damn thing .
she stopped short in front of the pie case and the only thing that registered in her brain at two in the morning was ... why is a dog sitting in the middle of the restaurant ?
` ` i only want one more thing . ''
` ` i thought the very same thing about you all night long . ''
* * * * the first thing max thought when he rounded to corner and saw their cart abandoned with janet 's purse in the basket was ; she thinks i ' m the one who does n't know anything about grocery stores .
special guest or some such thing . ''
or his parents ... which in his case was the same thing .
yeah , walt thought the same thing .
` ` he might not hate it , but he wo n't say a negative thing about it until next month , '' mary concluded .
mary was a psychologist , or some such thing ... ` ` i was scared . ''
if there was one thing she knew without any doubt , elaine laurens would n't last long without an explanation of dakota 's unexpected appearance .
` ` broken and fractured are the same thing .
and if there is one thing all this taught me is that i need to depend on only one person .
i ' ve told mary the same thing and she still does n't budge . ''
` ` if dakota left mad at you , mary wo n't say a thing . ''
instead of saying a thing , dakota reached for him , covered his lips with hers in a kiss that picked up his soul and intertwined it with hers .
` ` have n't you heard a thing i ' ve said ?
he smiled in the darkness and said the first thing that came to him .
john 's grip on her hand increased , his eyes stayed with her as if he did n't hear a thing she said .
her heart fluttered in her chest as she realized without a doubt what that one thing was .
she said the only thing she could think of , and then regretted her words instantly .
she said the first thing that popped in her head .
she wore womanhood like a thick fur and dared anyone to say a thing about it .
` ` there 's one more thing you might want to know before your family gets here , '' he said as he tucked her shoes into the bag .
the only thing i came up with is that she did n't love him .
he wondered if anyone on his planning team thought the same thing but did n't want to reveal their concerns because more for less was his brainchild .
someone upstairs really should offer him sainthood or some such thing for the restraints he 'd placed on himself where jessie was concerned .
you said the same thing to me not too long ago . ''
something about the whole we burned your car so come on over and pick out another one thing bugged the crap out of monica .
` ` i swear i did n't say a thing , '' she whispered .
monica was breathing into the phone , but not saying a thing .
i 'll never keep another thing from you . ''
kincaid said the only thing he could to put the man at ease .
before helen could say a thing , he brought a finger to his lips .
if the truth were told , she could probably teach him a thing or two about the risk of living .
he forgot for a moment who he was talking to and said the first thing that came to his mind .
instead of any vocal response , she heard gavin repeating the same thing over and over ...
she was laughing at him , obviously not believing a thing he said .
but before he could say a thing , simon added .
look at any sconce on the wall , get good and pissed , scared or any damn thing .
` ` is there such a thing these days ?
no one said a thing if they did .
` ` there is no such thing . ''
` ` ' t is the same thing .
` ` i ' ve got to pee , '' he said the first thing he thought of .
i will tell elizabeth no such thing . ''
` ` you know , '' he pointed a finger at her , made a tapping gesture and added , ` ` that shocking thing ? ''
` ` ' t is the only thing that makes any sense .
` ` how could i ask such a thing ?
when they started to elevate above the floor more than one gasp came from the men in the room , but none of them said a thing .
at first myra did n't think lizzy was going to say a thing .
fin approached his brother with a smile that could only mean one thing .
i should have thought to say the same thing . ''
ian stood surrounded by faces , all saying the same thing .
but that 's probably not a fair thing to say .
and that 's the most hurtful thing .
i do n't see what dante sees in her and i ask mia that very thing .
that 's the only thing that makes any sense .
how could anyone 's insides stay intact after hearing someone say such a sweet thing ?
and then i feel scandalous for thinking such a thing , but it 's the truth .
what a goofy thing to say , but i do n't focus on it because it 's the truth .
and boys back home would n't ever say such a thing even if they thought it .
` ` dante , that is the most beautiful and sweet thing anyone has ever said to me .
playing on the best friend thing was mean .
and the last thing he 'd said to me this morning was i love you .
because this distance thing ?
i felt the same thing in my dreams , this impossible pull .
i ca n't tell calla , but i can tell my journal , the way i ' ve spilled every other thing in my life onto its pages .
i pause because what a strange thing to say .
but as i stare at him , at the way the light turns his dark eyes to amber , at the way the sunshine bathes him in a golden glow and the connection between us sizzles hot and dangerous , i know one thing .
he tells me the same thing i told him the other day , only it 's not true in his case .
but why did he say such a thing to finn ?
` ` i only understand one thing , '' i tell him and my heart threatens to break .
through all of it , though , one thing is clear .
because one thing is clear .
what kind of mother says such a thing ?
that can only mean one thing : that luca has too .
who else would think such a thing ?
i glance at damien , and i know he 's thinking the same thing .
but it was the one thing she had to know , the only thing that mattered .
but it was the one thing she had to know , the only thing that mattered .
they did n't know about the lie that her family had been living , that not a single thing out of her father 's mouth could be trusted because he could n't even be honest about who he was .
the look on his face was one of disbelief and she could tell that he was mulling over the exact same thing .
the first thing that comes to me makes me smile through my panic .
the one thing i ca n't get past .
what a curious thing to say .
it was such a strange thing to say .
` ` i just have to say this one thing .
taking a step forward , i asked the woman that very thing .
because that is the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
the only thing i could think of was the vast sense of loss that was already welling up in me at the mere thought of losing brennan .
these rooms were reserved for dimitri and those of his ilk , and could only be accessed by someone who knew the right thing to say .
and you understand there is only one thing i can tell you about him . ''
such a romantic thing to say without being ridiculous , like comparing her eyes to diamonds and her skin to silk or whatnot .
such an odd thing to say .
` ` i am , '' angelica whispered , hoping that was the proper thing to say .
was the first thing that came out of her mouth , just as she noticed lord dewhurst leaving the chamber .
if maia knew one thing about men , she knew that they did n't like to have their bedchambers invaded by the fairer sex .
of all people to hear her confess such a thing ... it had to be corvindale .
what a terrible thing , never to bask in the sun or to walk through the rows of flowers when they were in full bloom .
iliana took one look and said a very unladylike thing under her breath .
how dare he say such a thing ?
` ` that is one thing even i can not argue with , '' he replied , and his hands were on her shoulders as he looked down at her .
but what a ridiculous thing to say , from a man who will live forever . ''
the only thing i can conclude is that i did nothing wrong .
she 'd definitely said the wrong thing .
his steady gaze - once again that bright blue - seemed to say the same thing .
he had n't meant that whole you 're mine thing in a sexual kind of way .
ah , not the right thing to say .
it was a pity he could n't say the same thing .
the guy was n't telling him a single thing he did n't know .
how many times had he told her the same thing ?
because these days , she did n't trust a thing rogziel told her .
obviously , that was n't the right thing to say .
` ` but he did n't say a f**king thing about me not getting to kill any ass**les who were with you . ''
well , helped , shoved , same thing .
this place , with the empty shells of bodies and the carefully covered scent of decay , it made her remember too many things .
how many humans had told her that same thing over the centuries ?
in the silence that followed , tanner was certain of only one thing .
that was the only thing that made sense .
tell you every little thing . ''
` ` it was the last thing she said . ''
she was losing him , and the last thing she heard him say was , ` ` stay with me !
` ` i said the wrong thing , but i ' ve got this . ''
i ' m sure chance would tell you the same thing . ''
that was the only thing left to say .
a week ago ... same thing .
was n't there always one more thing with that guy ?
was that the right thing to say ?
uh , yeah , he 'd thought the same thing about her .
the quiet question was the last thing she 'd expected right then .
pate 's gaze said he realized the same thing .
i said the wrong thing .
` ` love , you can ask me any damn thing you want . ''
every instinct she had was screaming at her , and olivia only knew one thing with certainty .
reason one ... because he had to stop her from talking before the woman shredded his cover by saying the wrong thing .
obviously that was the wrong thing to say because in the next instant , claws burst from his fingertips .
that was the only thing he was willing to say .
he always knew just the right thing to say to the right people .
you looked at him , and you wanted to believe every single thing he said . ''
you did n't even want- '' ` ` let 's get one thing real clear . ''
` ` not just people- '' ` ` same thing , '' chloe said flatly .
better to just go ahead and get the whole apology thing over with .
because there was one thing she 'd wanted desperately but never gotten .
the first night she 'd met him , he 'd told her the same thing .
` ` the same thing he said before . ''
that was the same thing alex had said .
` ` i do think ... i remember one more thing . ''
i remember one more thing .
and , not too long ago , she 'd gone to trace and told him the same thing .
that was the same damn thing he 'd asked himself that day .
same damn thing some days .
she 'd asked for only one thing .
noah had thought the same thing .
` ` claire told me the same thing when i asked why she had tears in her eyes . ''
when he pulled away , noah knew there was one more thing he needed to share with his claire .
he also knew one more thing .
when you found out she was taken , you got jealous and you said the wrong damn thing to her . ''
and maybe i am , but crazy is the only thing that works in these situations .
i finish my walk to the door , hesitating before i ' m completely through to say one more thing .
if we all tell him the same thing , and he does n't like it , he can get rid of all of us and start over new . ''
and he 's right about one thing for sure : friends do n't let friends piss me off .
at the same exact time , both scott and tarin say precisely the same thing .
` ` there 's only one thing i ' ve ever said or done that i wish i could take back , mel , and that ai n't it . ''
i say the thing that the professional scarlett barnes would say .
i blurt out the first non - sexual thing i can think of .
i say the first thing that comes to my mind as my fingers dig slightly into his back .
he 'll think the wrong thing probably and get upset . ''
i blurt out the first thing that comes to mind .
tarin said the same thing once , when we first met on the boat , i think .
the message to tarin says one thing : ` ` come see me in chicago . ''
chapter forty - five i should do the mature , adult , responsible thing and tell him to go get a hotel room and stay there .
and usually i listen to every single thing she says and never do things she does n't like , but tonight is an exception , and we 're allowed to have exceptions once in a while , right ? ''
he brought her flowers , he wrote her poems , and he said all the right things , even though he was kind of shy himself .
` ` because he said that mean thing .
` ` that 's the most horrible thing i think i ' ve ever heard . ''
she could not agree more , but he 's not talking about the same thing she is .
he 's a great student , only having to be told the same thing twice on occasion .
this is the last thing he expected to hear from nicole 's lawyer ; he 's definitely not in his regular all - business mode .
kevin considered why the fbi might want to talk to him , and the only thing he could come up with was the fact that barry had taken his hat .
that was the last thing they heard from him before kevin smashed the lamp down on his temple , sending him back into la - la land .
then she said the next thing that came to mind .
` ` say one more thing , and see what happens to you , kevin .
it was a natural thing to consider , but definitely the wrong thing to say .
it was a natural thing to consider , but definitely the wrong thing to say .
` ` i asked him the same thing , '' said jonathan .
he was clearly flustered , trying to think of the right thing to say .
* * * the next thing sarah heard was her brother 's stereo being turned on and up really loud .
apparently ` ` number two '' meant the same thing in the peterson household as it did everywhere else in america .
candi knew they were both thinking the same thing - freedom !
` ` you know , jon , there is such a thing as too much information .
she looked over at candi 's face and lifted her eyebrows twice , signaling that she had heard the same thing candi had heard - and now she was going to torture candi with it , just for fun .
kevin , you remember the house thing on the list .
was the next thing they heard , then a big splash .
that was the nicest thing sarah had ever said to her .
i ' m thinking that 's pretty much the same thing , '' said candi .
that 's one thing i remembered from my last trip out here .
` ` sure thing , '' ian says , rolling the window back up .
searching for something to say that sounds cool , i blurt out the first thing that comes to mind .
i ' m too focused on teaching hannah a thing or two about city girls to worry about falling or looking graceful .
she 's got a sharp tongue and zero grace when it comes to interacting with people , but she 's told me some things over the years that have really helped me , the first thing being that i should take jorge on as a partner .
she 's got a sharp tongue and zero grace when it comes to interacting with people , but she 's told me some things over the years that have really helped me , the first thing being that i should take jorge on as a partner .
there were people who 'd known me for years who 'd never say such a thing about me , but they were n't allowed to ruin my night .
no way were we thinking the same thing .
it was the kindest thing she 'd said to me in six months , and it gave me hope .
that phrase was the last thing i remember that cowboy saying to me .
and then the next thing i remembered was waking up in the hotel room with candice next to me and kelly in the other room .
i would n't know the first thing about doing that .
i answered automatically without thinking because that was the polite thing to say , but on further reflection i realized it did n't matter because we could n't be together anyway .
` ` i ' m not going anywhere ... '' it was the last thing i remembered hearing before the sun streaming in the window woke me up .
` ` just promise me one thing before i start .
i promise i wo n't say a thing . ''
when i try to analyze why i keep pushing him away , the only thing i can come up with is that i figure it 's better if it 's me doing it now than him doing it to me later .
but it 's not him ; it 's charity , which is probably a good thing because the things i want to say to him right now are not fit for human ears .
` ` i ' ve asked myself the same thing about a hundred times in the last few months . ''
i do n't know what to think or what to say , so of course i say the stupid thing , because that 's what i do best .
` ` but before i do , let 's get one thing straight , okay ? ''
i ' m looking around at the faces at the table , surmising that they 're all thinking the same thing i am : what 's the big deal about a gym bag ?
she and i are definitely thinking the same thing about this sorry excuse for a woman .
it 's the last thing i remember hearing before i ' m asleep too .
i ' m not sure i ' m really all that grateful at this point , but it 's the polite thing to say .
` ` you sure about that no ambulance thing ? ''
but then i played back in my head the things olga said and did and what i know about rebel , and i decided that if i ' m going to distrust anyone in this thing it 's going to be her , not him .
` ` for saying that awful thing i said to you last night .
my brain tries to function with the opposing forces pulling it apart and the only thing that will come out is animal noises .
i leave the room and go back out into the hallway because i do n't trust myself not to say the wrong thing .
how is it possible we 're both thinking the same thing at the same time and no one is there to stop us or shoot us or try to run us over with a car ?
i figure that 's the only thing left to me at this point .
` ` now why would you say such a thing ? ''
` ` do n't screw it up , '' is the last thing i hear before the sound of clanking tools takes over the silence again .
then my brain decides there 's one thing that 's more important than commenting on responsibility and friendship and bossiness and protectiveness and a girl who stood looking perfect at a club on his arm and all the other things that might be going on here or that need to be said .
then my brain decides there 's one thing that 's more important than commenting on responsibility and friendship and bossiness and protectiveness and a girl who stood looking perfect at a club on his arm and all the other things that might be going on here or that need to be said .
my mind searches for the right thing to say .
i said the right thing at the right time and i never sat down on air .
i ' m not positive , but from the expression on his face , i ' m thinking that expression ' silent but deadly ' means the same thing in his world that it does in mine , and i ca n't think of anything less sexy than calling a man a quiet yet seriously stinky fart .
` ` that 's a stupid thing to say . ''
the last thing he said to me was to keep his stupid toy car safe , and that 's it .
` ` the last thing he ever said to me was here 's this stupid car , take care of it for me .
so much for the cucumber thing .
i had made this whole thing about my feelings and my libido , never once considering that he had issues to deal with that might be interfering .
i say the first thing that comes to mind .
` ` the staring and not talking thing . ''
when we get to mississippi , come with me to my lab- '' she had just said the wrong thing .
the thing that hurt the worst ?
her gasp filled his ears - the sexiest thing he 'd ever heard , sighing with pleasure - and he thrust harder , faster into her .
the thing he was sure of ?
` ` my father said the same thing about you once . ''
an instinctive , battle - ready edge that could only mean one thing .
the same thing she 'd told to eve .
` ` and if you say one more thing to piss me off , you 'll just be the latest vampire that i burned to ash . ''
yeah , well , he 'd thought the same thing , but sabine was changing the game for him .
the cool response was the last thing she 'd expected .
could n't speak and say the one thing that she needed to say .
so he told her the same thing he 'd told her the first time she 'd risen for him .
knew , hoped - same thing .
he did n't fear a damn thing .
his response was the last thing she expected .
cain must have thought the same thing because he lunged for the cop .
` ` you do n't need to ask me a damn thing . ''
better , but not the most reassuring thing she 'd ever heard .
he knew she was thinking the same thing .
probably not the best thing to say in front of holly 's mother , but- he was scared .
one thing he 'd learned , the other cases did n't always go by the book .
there was really just one thing he could say to make her leave .
it was the last thing he 'd been expecting .
the guy sure knew how to say just the right thing .
it was the last thing he ever said to me . ''
yeah , the ada had said pretty much the same thing , but ... colin let a smile shape his lips , one that showed the tips of his lengthening canines .
` ` i wan na know every damn thing you ' ve been holding back , and i want to know now . ''
maybe he 'd finally forgiven him for the whole your - lover - might - be - a - killer thing .
asking , implying , same damn thing in her book .
colin glanced toward brooks , saw from his partner 's lifted brow that he was thinking the same thing .
cause he 'd been wondering the same thing .
he met emily 's gaze and realized the doc was thinking the same thing .
it was the same thing he 'd been saying for hours .
but right then , he could n't tell a single thing about her thoughts .
they always said the same thing .
it was the last thing she 'd expected .
` ` when patrick kills him later - and randall certainly was n't easy to kill - your name is the last thing the general says . ''
and he 'd just said the wrong thing .
said the wrong thing .
she was the sweetest thing he 'd ever tasted .
` ` the same thing i always do .
when she was talking , gabrielle had a tendency to say the wrong thing .
an odd thing to say .
since he did n't seem surprised or upset by the speeding car 's arrival , cale knew it could only mean one thing ... .his backup .
that was the last thing gunner had expected to hear .
` ` that was the last thing hal said to me . ''
she 'd said the wrong thing .
because you knew , deep down , that you did n't deserve that one thing .
` ` i love her , '' he said , the only thing that he could say .
i did n't have any information on aaron , and it was the only thing i could say- '' juliana shook her head , lost .
` ` it was ... the last thing she said . ''
knew , hoped , same thing .
who , what - same thing in his world .
` ` i wish i could say the same thing . ''
okay , maybe that had n't been the right thing to say .
in a place like this , the first thing you saw would always be a lie .
the smells might be off thanks to magic or drugs or who - the - hell - knew - what , but lucas was certain of one thing .
could she say the same thing ?
when he 'd listened to her story about her dick of a stepfather , the last thing he 'd felt was good .
the last thing she 'd expected .
the last thing a shifter would want to hear is that his beast could be taken from him .
` ` wan na tell him the same thing ?
` ` maybe , '' she whispered and the last thing she heard was- ` ` fuck . ''
` ` the first thing he told me ... he said i was n't crazy . ''
` ` i played your game , told you the hell from my past , now i want one thing from you . ''
his grandfather had been a choctaw shaman , so dee figured the guy had known a thing or two about the walking dead .
he 'd said the same thing before , but this time , a shiver worked over her .
` ` wo n't listen to a thing i say , and the woman - nina - she 's does n't even seem to know where she is . ''
the first thing she 'd said .
she always said the wrong thing .
his eyes said the same thing .
jude knew he 'd said the wrong thing even as erin sucked in a sharp breath .
because she has n't told me a damn thing .
` ` does n't change a thing for me .
really , it was the wrong thing to say .
but i ' m not tellin ' you another thing ! ''
` ` almost does n't really count , '' he murmured , and knew when her eyes immediately slit that he 'd said the wrong thing .
probably not the smartest thing to say to a killer , but what the hell ?
` ` no , you do n't owe me a damn thing . ''
` ` guess there was one other thing that i needed to tell you . ''
pretty little thing - silky black hair , body so small , and a sweet ol ' face on her .
he would n't be able to say the same thing about the wolves in a few moments .
that had been the absolute last thing she 'd expected him to say .
` ` but there is one thing i believe , one thing we all have to be ready for .
realized he was thinking the exact same thing .
` ` i do n't have a damn thing to say to you ! ''
he just knew one thing for certain .
he 'd thought the same thing as soon as he realized how easily walker had vanished from prison .
` ` tell us every damn thing you know about walker , '' he snarled as the rage threatened to burst free .
anthony thought the same thing , she saw it in his eyes .
` ` the last thing he said , it was about you . ''
every damn thing he 'd ever wanted .
hardly the type of thing she wanted to confess .
` ` i want to know every single thing that man said to her .
but he knew she was right - he 'd thought the same thing .
when his father had been coming at him with that bottle , dane had known one thing with utter certainty ... he 's not walking away .
` ` you do n't have to say a damn thing . ''
it was the same thing that she 'd told max .
the first thing she asked was about him ?
she begged , she pleaded , and she promised me any damn thing i wanted . ''
` ` the same thing i ' m betting she said when she talked to you . ''
` ` one thing i learned long ago , assume nothing about the serials .
` ` uh , you know there 's such a thing as doctor - patient confidentiality , right , davenport ? ''
monica knew he saw the same thing that she did on sam 's face - too much fear .
` ` when you woke up in the hospital , her name was the first thing you said . ''
that hard fist in his stomach said the same thing .
every few seconds , he 'd mutter the same thing .
never said a bad thing about anybody .
but there was one thing she needed to know , now .
everyone else was shouting constantly at me , but he just wanted to know one thing . ''
wait , that probably had n't the smartest thing to say to the guy .
a spell , a curse , same damn thing to him .
can only accept one thing ... '' her head tilted as she studied him .
she 'd asked him for just one thing .
her words shock me , hurt me , because it 's such a cruel thing to say - as if it 's our fault we were taken .
` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' james says .
` ` sure thing , casanova .
he seems to realize the same thing at that very moment .
the handler puts his palm over kendra 's mouth , muffling her sounds as he whispers soothing things into her ear , continuing to work her bucking body toward the door .
is the first thing out of my mother 's mouth .
i think it 's a crazy thing to tell someone in the program - do n't forget .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , now that i ' m free to date , i ' m going to try all thirty - one flavors .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , '' she says , getting more serious .
but the one thing i am sure of is that i feel is safe .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , '' leona said .
it was such a horrible thing to say !
i felt bad after the whole darren thing . ''
` ` hey , '' i said , realizing that i 'd just brought up the one thing that still hurt him .
` ` no , i think we have to say the same thing for it to be a jinx .
her eyes locked on mine , and i knew we were both thinking the same thing .
it was the best thing i could ' ve heard .
` ` one more thing for us to share . ''
` ` that is not a nice thing to say .
and i could n't say another thing .
their expressions told me one thing .
` ` same thing , baby .
i guess that was n't the best thing for a teenage girl to tell her father .
because if there was one thing my heart - to - heart with my daddy confirmed , it was that my boyfriend could love me and cheat on me .
but i do know one thing : i ' m a forgotten .
he laughs as if that 's a silly thing for me to say .
` ` i guess the nice thing to say is that i ' m happy for you . ''
` ` that 's not a comforting thing to tell a pastor 's daughter , '' i joke , trying to lighten the mood .
they found them at just the right time , and said just the right thing .
but there 's one thing i want you to always know . ''
god , i swear , you do n't listen to a thing i say ! ''
monroe 's the closest thing to a father i ' ve ever known .
i ca n't hear a thing you 're saying . ''
i squeeze my eyes shut , because that 's the one thing i ca n't give him .
and the statement in my ears is the most horrible thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` and i can promise you one thing : i will never forget you , charlotte cassidy . ''
` ` i can promise one thing . ''
and that could only mean one thing : they all knew the truth about shaya being his mate .
she was n't sure whether or not he was lying about having stepped down from alpha , but she knew one thing : ` ` your wolf would n't be able to take orders from someone less powerful than he is - he would n't obey him .
another thing he would be sure not to do was expect anything in return .
` ` we need to get one thing straight . ''
she might even blurt out a thing or two , believing he 'd already told shaya .
he also did the whole ` ` show me i ' m making no difference '' thing , too .
` ` that 's not the only thing i ' ve kept from you . ''
you 'd say the same thing to me if it was the other way around . ''
annoyingly , dominic found the whole thing funny too .
that could only mean one thing ... a thing he had dreaded and feared and hoped would never happen .
` ` there 's one thing you need to understand , nick . ''
she might have corrected him about the whole ` ` date '' thing if he was n't firing questions at her so abruptly .
remember one thing , jaime : a human ca n't satisfy you the way you need him to .
` ` i do n't have to tell you a f**king thing . ''
` ` that 's almost the exact same thing that marcus said . ''
` ` you have my word that i wo n't repeat a single thing you tell me . ''
dante still did n't have a clue what exactly was going on with jaime , but he did know one thing ; a dominant wolf in that state was n't going to respond to a plea from a submissive wolf .
dante remembered thinking that very same thing on his first day of training .
i tell the enforcers the same thing .
i just want to say one thing .
if this was dante , or tao , or dominic , or any of your other ' boys , ' would you be saying the same thing ? ''
dante was thinking the same thing .
you 'd say the same thing if this was taryn . ''
dante and the enforcers must have been thinking the same thing , because none of them moved either .
` ` i admit that my choice of words was bad and the whole thing came out wrong , but i do not think your wolf is beyond help . ''
` ` it 's just that seeing her like this ... it reminds me of ... '' ` ` louisa , '' he easily supplied , since he 'd been thinking the same thing .
` ` sure thing , greta . ''
` ` ooh , please do n't say that line - that was the first thing roscoe ever said to me .
but one thing she knew about trey was that , like all alphas , he had a lot of pride , and one thing that was hard for him to do was admit he was wrong .
` ` i tell you what , why do n't you come here and let me give you a great big hug , you can sit on my lap , and we 'll talk about the first thing that pops up . ''
when his eyes widened , she realized that was probably the worst thing she could have said .
` ` let 's get one thing very clear first .
` ` oh puhlease , you 'd have said the same damn thing if i had n't been pregnant .
so i would have said the same thing no matter what .
` ` answer me one thing honestly : did you find it by accident , or did you go looking for it ? ''
but you need to understand one thing : whether you helped her or not , if you keep staring and smirking at her , i will kill you and i wo n't f**king care . ''
chapter two ( jared ) exchanging a look with sam as we stood only one hundred yards away from the caves where quentin foy and most of his nest resided , i knew she was thinking the exact same thing that i was : what .
` ` i was just about to say the same thing . ''
` ` sure thing , coach . ''
that was clearly the wrong thing to say , despite that it was the truth , because everyone looked ready to explode at me .
there was only one other thing i wanted .
` ` there 's one thing i do n't understand , '' i said .
` ` just promise me one thing .
and was n't that the vaguest thing i 'd ever heard .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , magda .
can we at least shelf this one thing ? ''
` ` he always says the same thing .
i 'll tell you one thing that i remember .
i told myself the same thing , but my legs could n't support me just then .
` ` he said the same thing .
` ` the brothers said the same thing .
` ` we were wondering the same thing .
he could n't have said a worse thing .
` ` i 'd like to call you the same thing , but you do n't have warmth and character . ''
the feminine way with which he held himself and the fact that he was so colour coordinated to the extent that he sported designer glasses that had a navy frame to match his navy suit all told me one thing : fletcher was homosexual .
that was the kind of stupid thing victor would say , considering he had always viewed me as a possession .
i had n't liked victor making me an assassin , but one thing i could say for him was that he never gave me a mark that was innocent .
` ` brave little thing , is n't she , '' said one of the guards .
` ` i ' m not telling you a thing until you drop the slap - head thing .
` ` jared , max and fletcher said the same thing and all three times it made me feel like shit . ''
she had n't meant that thing about her sire the way it came out .
` ` do you realise that that 's near enough the same thing he said to me telepathically that night when you eavesdropped ? ''
alright that was the last thing i had expected to hear , hence why my response was , ` ` say again ? ''
one thing i 'd always been especially clear on was that they should never give the enemy the chance to make the first move ; not when you were dealing with vampires as you never knew just what gift they had .
i have to ask you one more thing , before you go .
` ` so anyway , i just need to know one more thing and then i 'll let you go ... ` ` i decided to go for broke - put my heart out there on a platter and let him either pick it up gently and care for it , or smash it into a million , tiny , mushy , bloody pieces .
i clicked on all the messages in his box and they all said the same thing .
` ` well , i guess we can agree on one thing . ''
` ` try to tell me you were n't thinking the same thing . ''
i did n't know if we were talking about the same thing .
` ` see you there , '' was the last thing he said before he disappeared in a puff of black smoke and wind .
i 'll just say one last thing about it - he was ejected from the dark fae for choosing to do something that was light fae in principal .
` ` listen , if you 're going to be hanging around , you need to get one thing straight : if you give me a headache , i ' m gon na kick your ass .
that was the only thing that seemed to make her feel better .
i 'd learned one very valuable thing from maggie , who never even tried to hide the fact that it was her motto - nothing in this world came without personal sacrifice .
tony looked at me and i could tell from the look on his face he was thinking the same thing i was : who had gotten lost and where ?
i was afraid to think that this uniform meant the same thing it meant in my light fae world .
and that 's the last thing i remember saying before i saw her beady black eye and everything went black .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , ben , '' i nearly spit the words out , ` ` i ' m not afraid of you .
it was the worst thing i could think to say at the time .
they missed the whole ' torture is inhumane ' thing too . ''
say one thing , do another .
i knew he was thinking the exact same thing as me , and it was n't any supernatural power making me able to do that either .
just say one more thing . ''
all i could think about when he said that thing about the water was the lady of the lake , otherwise affectionately known to me as the bitch in the water , the water whore , and the one who must die for killing my friend becky .
` ` that is the last thing i remember saying .
` ` i could ask you the same thing , '' i said , my voice full of false bravado .
i mean , there is such a thing as too much information at some point . ''
i could only think of one thing - the image of my best friend , left alone and abandoned by me - the one who should have been there for him but who had instead chosen personal glory and adventure over friendship .
none of us can hear a dang thing he says , '' said finn .
i spoke in a low , vicious tone , ` ` let 's get one thing straight , ass**le , we are not going to pretend we 're friends or that i even want to see your ugly face right now .
i 'll listen to one more thing .
` ` i ' ve got one thing to say to you , '' said tony , a defiant look on his face .
he had a lost look on his face , so i knew he was thinking the same thing as me .
i guess it was the one thing i felt like i could identify with the most . ''
i appreciated their whole ' we are family ' thing , but i could n't let that stop me from getting my five hundred bucks .
as i entered , the first thing that came to my mind was , ' holy shit , i ' m on an episode of criminal minds . '
tony was swinging his horrible axe , blue glowing pathways cutting through the air , and the humming sound rising to a crescendo that could only mean one thing : that axe was one bad motherfucker of a weapon , and if it hit me , it was going to be lights out .
` ` reah , i can say the same thing to you .
norian and lendill are saying the same thing about the reth alliance .
i nodded - i 'd been thinking the same thing .
i wondered the same thing , '' ry shrugged .
i 'd been thinking the same thing , and that had me frightened for bel .
remind me to say the same thing to you if you 're ever swinging inside a cage , i returned .
` ` i could say nearly the same thing , '' tory grumbled .
` ` the ru'kani ne'vanir says the same thing , '' a honey - blonde woman stood next .
i was n't about to ask her the same thing - she had green and purple streaks running through the black of her hair .
the whole thing made me sigh as i sipped my protein jumble .
yebri had already curtailed the draining of the core on xordthe - she 'd said the same thing that fardris was saying - that zellar had lied to all of them .
` ` i was wondering the same thing , '' wylend said .
lendill had said the same thing for the past six days .
tory thought the same thing .
he said much the same thing aurelius had , asking me to promise to come back .
i was going to ask you the same thing , '' i said , giving him a quick hug .
the same thing had occurred to me .
it 's a stupid thing to say .
such a stupid thing to say to your mother when she comes back from the dead , but it 's a stupid situation .
it 's the same thing max said yesterday .
the only true thing they ' ve written , as far as i can tell .
no - none of those things so much as this : that i distanced myself from them for my own protection , when i should have been drawing them out of the dark places here and into the lighter ones .
i know one thing : after this year 's initiation is done , eric wo n't need to try so hard to oust me from this position .
and the only thing i can think is that i wanted to be kissed , made it pretty damned obvious , and he did n't do it .
that has to be the sexiest thing anybody has ever said to me .
` ` sure thing , dad . ''
what an inappropriate thing for a doctor to say .
` ` so the obedience thing still stands ? ''
it was the most comforting thing i 'd heard in so long , anastasia .
if i do this , you must promise me one thing . ''
it 's the only thing i want to ask him , but somehow that seems rude .
is , stupidly , the only thing i can think of to say , and bless him , he actually flushes .
` ` oh - there 's one more thing i should tell you , '' i add .
` ` that 's a very negative thing to say about yourself , ana .
and another thing - i love you .
` ` sure thing , annie .
i check that we 're alone and ask , ` ` what 's with the no going to the bathroom thing ? ''
promising one thing and then ... '' his voice trails off .
` ` that 's ... that 's such a lovely thing to say . ''
he grins , and i realize that christian might say the same thing to me - but without the huge , heart - melting grin .
he leans forward and whispers in my ear , ` ` it 's the one thing i do know . ''
` ` you have one thing , one thing to remember .
` ` you have one thing , one thing to remember .
i thought the exact same thing at the beginning of summer .
one thing i agreed with was we needed money .
i kept replaying the whole thing in my head .
` ` yeah , whitley said the same thing to me once . ''
the only thing i could think was , how is the gravel driveway not hurting his bare feet ?
with the way her cheeks had flushed , i had been pretty sure that she was thinking the same thing .
` ` if there is one thing you need to know about courtney , the girl can plan shit .
` ` that was the first thing she asked her brother - if noah was going to be in the wedding or at the wedding .
i just cried out the same thing over and over .
` ` i should say the same thing to you . ''
i thought the same thing , but ... everything will be okay , mom . ''
she shrugged her shoulders and said , ` ` cocksucker was the only thing i could quickly think of that started with a c. '' if i did n't love her so much , i would be so pissed at her .
` ` welcome home , dude , '' layton said as i heard whitley yell the same thing in the background .
walker said the same exact thing . ''
i knew from the look in her eyes that she was thinking the same thing that i was .
` ` just remember one thing .
the only thing i ask is that you always put her first . ''
i looked at him and the only thing i could say was , ` ` oh . ''
i smiled knowing i had just thought the same thing .
his voice would change and his eyes turned to nothing but lust and the only thing i wanted from him was to feel him inside me .
` ` when my father handed me my bottle i thought the same thing you 're both thinking .
` ` i could say the same thing .
` ` i was confused after i walked out of that room about the whole bottle thing , but it just all clicked .
the only thing we could hope for was you to do what you 're good at .
they all said the same thing and it all started to click .
i had to say one thing about ralph ; he had great taste in guys .
mom : i could ask the same thing .
i said do n't tell me the same damn thing you always tell me .
` ` i could say the very same thing , zoey jones . ''
my head was telling me one thing , but my heart was telling me another .
i ca n't say the same thing about you . ''
what i wanted in this life was the one thing i 'd been trying to ignore .
why would he say such a thing ?
` ` what could possibly make him say such a hurtful thing ? ''
i ca n't understand a damn thing you 're saying . ''
she smiled bigger and tilted her head as she looked at me like i had just said the sweetest thing ever .
opening my eyes i said , ` ` they probably think the same thing about us . ''
libby 's mouth opened slightly and i knew she felt the same thing i did .
` ` luke , i just want to say one thing . ''
` ` that is the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard , luke , '' i whispered as i leaned over and kissed him on the lips .
i wondered if you had thought the same thing .
` ` one thing y' all need to know is we 're not stupid .
` ` the stupid hurtful thing i said to you .
` ` ellie , i was literally just thinking the same exact thing . ''
` ` not the same thing , ari .
i was pretty sure we were both thinking the same thing .
the only thing we can wish for is that she comes to her damn senses and comes home .
` ` wait ... jessie , the whole thing just does n't make any sense .
ari had said the same thing to jeff and me earlier .
he 'd moved so slow and sweet while he 'd whispered the most romantic things in my ear .
` ` if she were mine , i 'd be saying the same thing . ''
she looked over at me , and the passion in her eyes told me she was thinking the same thing .
i only have one thing to say to you . ''
i chuckled since i had just thought the same thing .
that was the same thing for me .
` ` well , i can tell ya one thing .
` ` you must be thinking the same thing i am , buttercup , '' he said as he winked .
i told michael that i had feelings for someone else , and he told me the same thing . ''
` ` emma rose birk , you apologize for saying such a hurtful thing to your mother this instant . ''
i wanted to tell garrett one more thing before i left .
i would say the same thing each time , my eyes were opened , mama , to my true future .
` ` that is the sexiest thing anyone has ever said to me , and yes , baby ... it will fit . ''
the only thing i could say was , ` ` yes ... please . ''
i nodded my head and said the one thing i had been determined to say before they left , ` ` take care of her , dad .
` ` garrett said the same thing . ''
` ` i ' m not surprised at all that the both of you would say the same thing .
how can she just say one thing to me , and i go all pussy - ass pansy ? ''
i ' ve never thrown up so much in my life , but i would n't change a thing . ''
the only thing i know to say to you is that you , jim , and jack are the most important people in my life , and i will spend the rest of my life loving all three of you .
realizing i was n't going to get anywhere with him until i conceded this one thing , i slipped gracefully off the table .
` ` you really took my word for it on the whole not - pretending - to - be - a - gentleman thing , huh ? ''
caine had just told me the last thing i wanted to hear ...
` ` i think that 's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me , '' i whispered .
` ` you think that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to you ? ''
other than effie , he was the closest thing caine had to family .
apparently , somehow , in all the hard subjects we 'd just touched on , that was the wrong thing to say .
` ` there 's such a thing as too much ' friend time . '
` ` you say one thing but your body says something else .
as allyson and willem kiss for the first time in a year , both are thinking the same thing : this feels new .
girl always hung her freak flag high , '' i heard people whispering in the circle k. meg and i both knew that some people said things like that about her - in our town she was like a rose blooming in the desert ; it confused folks - but with her dead , this sentiment no longer felt like a badge of honor .
and if i was n't , well , then you said that nice thing and what a sensitive rocker you must be to believe in something like fate .
the flirting portion of our evening has ended , and ben 's voice is now truly a growl , a wholly different sound from the bullshit thing he sang with .
but i know one thing : you do n't just bounce back .
all_bs : i ' m saying no such thing .
because had n't i told her the same thing , just without words ?
` ` smartest thing i ' ve ever heard you say , '' richard tells ben .
over the flickering firelight , i catch ben 's eye , and i swear we are thinking the same thing : how lucky some people are .
it 's the first normal thing he 's said to me since we argued last night .
it 's a nice thing to say .
bradford 's look of fury when i said the thing about his son .
this is the thing i ' m scared to tell her .
not wanting to risk waking up weston , the only thing i could offer was a small smile .
no one could say a single negative thing about you in this dress . ''
` ` i do n't know the first thing about love , but you 're wrong .
the look on julianne 's face when weston told her the latest rumor was the only thing my mind could think about .
brady 's eyes grew wide , and in that split second , it was like we were both wondering the same thing : what weston would do next .
that was n't even the last thing i expected him to say .
` ` sonny said the same thing that alder did , that you would n't have the nerve .
` ` the last thing i said to my mother was that i 'd try .
` ` you need to get one thing straight .
` ` taylor said the same thing .
these people we 're dealing with , if they get a hold of your name- '' ` ` that is the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' i snapped .
` ` good thing you 're not , so i can hear all the humiliating things about myself . ''
it was a natural thing to say , practically ingrained , and i did n't mean anything by it , but thomas 's eyes popped open , and his disappointment was hard to miss .
if you only remember one thing from tonight '' -i poked his temple and pushed his head- '' remember that . ''
definitely the wrong thing to say .
she told him everything , not leaving a thing out .
` ` privacy , '' he murmured , and that was the last thing he said before he braced himself against the elaborately carved fourth post of the mammoth bed .
i ' m sure his mother thought the same thing .
i knew this because i was looking back at him thinking the exact same thing .
it was exactly the kind of thing jake would ' ve said to me back in the day and exactly the kind of cheeky response i 'd have given him .
dad 's attitude had told jake one thing i had n't told him - just how badly his leaving had affected me .
` ` so you 're the mysterious guy i ' m supposed to be meeting , '' i said , in reminiscence of the first thing he 'd ever said to me .
remembering the days after my breakup with jake , remembering the ache and needles of pain in every nerve , bone , and muscle , remembering the stifling feeling that came over me as i had to pay witness to melissa 's relationship with jake , the only thing i could say was , ` ` i know . ''
she was a five - foot nothing , cute - as - a - button blond who had a nice thing to say about everybody .
jake tensed and i knew it was exactly the wrong thing to say .
` ` what she said ... is that the kind of thing i have to tell beck ? ''
` ` see , now you 're just turning me on with the whole ' forbidden fruit ' thing . ''
that was a shit thing to say . ''
you looked pissed , but it was n't this f**king awful thing i 'd built up in my head .
i knew my mum and the girls thought he was fantastic - they pulled me into the kitchen to go on and on about his sense of humor , his easy , quiet way with the kids , the way he listened to everything i said as if it was the most important thing he 'd ever heard ... and of course they teased me mercilessly about how great - looking he was .
he was the only positive thing to come out of it all .
i wanted to rip away from marco 's touch , hating the ache inside of me , that torturous longing that could n't seem to get on board with the whole not - forgiving - him thing .
` ` i was actually going to ask you the same thing , '' he replied , walking slowly into the kitchen .
` ` half the time i ca n't understand a fucking thing coming out of your mouth . ''
` ` you do n't know the first fucking thing about me ... but thank you .
logan wanted one thing from me , one thing , and i 'd already mucked it up .
wrong thing to say !
the man was hard to deal with , but since i 'd lost my family , he was the closest thing i had to a ... to a father figure .
then the worst possible thing in the history of mankind and beyond burst out of my mouth .
code red could mean only one thing .
as terrible as it sounded , the only thing i could think on the way to headquarters was for it not to be her .
` ` be careful , '' was the last thing she said to me before we hung up .
that was the one thing i did n't tell tink - what ren truly was .
i told brighton i 'd be over in a little bit , but that was n't the only thing i 'd told her .
` ` something about the last thing she said , about no spirits or people being able to rest there ?
the last thing ren needed to hear was how i actually was the cause of three people dying .
the brush of his lips was the last thing i was expecting , but the sweet , almost shy way he did so snagged me .
` ` but it 's not the only thing i want from you .
the whole breakfast thing was kind of sweet and ren cooking naked was really hot , but i needed to regulate .
and then there were other moments when i woke up and the only thing i could think about was what the prince had said to me .
` ` that was the other thing el diable said .
justin always rebuffed their attempts at interrogation saying things like , ` ` remember the part where i work on this country 's security ?
` ` one thing i 'll say for sure : it 's never boring when i come over here . ''
` ` i was wondering the same thing , '' justin admitted .
she thought she 'd gone too far when he caught his breath , but a moment later , she knew she 'd said exactly the right thing .
it was the first gemman name that came to mind that resembled ada , and even though mae knew it was a harsh thing to tell a little girl who had no concept of what was happening around her , something in mae could n't help it .
cristobal often asked the same thing , but justin could n't quite explain to either man how addictive the idea of random chance was .
it was the last thing tessa managed to say before the pills suddenly seized hold and black curtains closed across her vision ... .
they make a lot of jokes about his name , and his big thing is that it 's time to progress into the next phase .
maybe he 'd deluded himself about inheriting his mother 's addictions , but one thing he 'd refused to repeat was her abandonment - which was part of what had made exile so agonizing .
another thing tessa had learned was that all things non - gemman were called provincial - and it was n't a flattering term .
her hesitation only made her that much more conspicuous , so she blurted out the first neutral thing she could think of .
` ` that 's funny , because i thought the same thing when i saw you running for consul . ''
there 's no such thing as normal . ''
the whole thing about ' someone like me ' and ' someone like you . '
` ` i offered him the same thing , '' the silver goddess had said in protest .
` ` maybe you can dodge everything else , but there 's one thing that 's unquestionable .
but it was the same thing lucian had told mae when he 'd looked into servitor hiring .
too late , justin realized that was the worst thing he could have said to a woman who 'd spent her life feeling like she was someone 's possession .
every word of that was true , but the finality of it was a hard thing to accept .
candace keeps saying the same thing . ''
i think he had noble intentions , but the heavy - handed words were n't the best thing he could ' ve chosen .
chapter 21 i said the first thing that came to mind .
` ` well , of course not , '' he scoffed , as though i had just said the most absurd thing in the world .
my mom told me the same thing when she was locked up .
the only thing i ' m sure of is that every level we ever go on is underground .
the posted menu showed the same thing that was listed this morning , however , and i wondered if she 'd gotten off the hook or simply had the unfortunate luck to already have chicken strips as one of her favorite foods .
i knew marcus was right - that there really was no way i could ' ve known sydney was there - but it was still a hard thing to accept .
we do n't know everything about human magic users , but there is one thing we ' ve learned over the years : they 're remarkably resilient .
if there 's one thing i can say about my human daughter - in - law , it 's that she 's shockingly resourceful . ''
` ` mom , i think that 's the most sentimental thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
the only thing we knew for sure was that we needed to get to the ozarks or , at the very least , missouri .
meeting sydney 's eyes , i knew she was thinking the same thing and was full of the same questions i had about what our future held .
` ` same thing you are , '' he said , giving me a wink .
yet there was one thing mihai thought he could tell her now that might help .
we 're standing here while he gathers his strength , and while your word means nothing to me , i 'll trust one thing : that you would stop him .
that was the thing that she knew .
` ` and know this , thing .
might they just be two ways of saying the same thing ?
it was n't that it was the wrong thing to say .
after another long , deep breath , she whispered , hoping it was n't the wrong thing to say , ` ` it was hers to give , '' feeling that it was a gift not only to akiva but to herself .
what was the last thing she remembered ?
karou held her silence , and held a stillness with it , sensing that it was coming : the thing that she wanted greatly to know .
of course she 'd said the same thing herself , if not in quite the same terms .
` ` they say the same thing .
if you can call it such a thing .
i never thought i would hear such a thing from my sister 's lips .
i know that everyone is thinking the exact same thing .
` ` i said no such thing , '' he says , subdued , dropping the journal into his own pants pocket .
it was the most painful thing i ' ve ever experienced .
it 's only after kenji has disappeared that i turn around to face the remaining members of our audience , and i ' m still searching for the right thing to say when i hear the one voice i least expected .
` ` that is a very nice thing to say . ''
he still has n't said a single thing to me about his mother .
he 'd never said a single thing anyone objected to .
she said the first thing that came to her mind .
the only thing you 'll get from your dad if you tell him this story is a butt whupping .
a callus or lack of one does n't mean a thing . ''
` ` that is the nicest thing you have said to me so far . ''
there is n't a thing anyone could say that could ruin this for me . ''
` ` sure thing , hon . ''
the man - the teacher - tilts his head to the side like i ' ve said the dumbest thing .
it 's the first thing spoken between us in over an hour .
` ` sure thing , princess . ''
` ` you need to want the same thing out of this reading .
i press the pen to the paper again and write one last thing .
there 's no such thing as a bad 80s romantic comedy .
once upon a time , i considered myself greek , so i know a thing or two about hedonism .
i ask quickly , and it 's such a stupid question , but it 's the first thing that pops into my head .
like the only the thing holding me together , the only thing tethering me to this existence is the drag and crush of his mouth against mine .
so , instead i just say the first thing that comes to my mind .
because with this much alcohol in my system , saying the first thing that comes to my mind is not a good idea .
it should have been the very first thing that left my mouth . ''
and the first thing that comes to my mind when i look at his face is dark .
it 's the closest thing to torture i ' ve ever felt .
whether i understand the oracles meaning or not , one thing is abundantly clear .
so i tell him the only thing i can .
it 's the first thing that comes to my mind , my gut reaction .
that 's the one thing i ' ve always known .
yet another thing for the coach 's daughter to hold against me .
` ` he said the wrong thing . ''
i turn to say one last thing , and he 's right behind me .
that 's the first thing mom says upon opening the door when i arrive for dinner that night .
she gives me a look when she says that last thing , and i know i did n't fool her at that party .
` ` first thing carson told me saturday night after he explained what happened was that i could n't suspend you again .
brookes and torres showed up at my door the next morning saying the same thing .
` ` one more thing i ' m willing to beg for , daredevil . ''
i ' ve never said it , but in the very worst corner of my soul , i know it 's the one thing i could say that would put an end to these fights for good .
he stops writing whatever illegible thing he 's been scratching out in his notebook .
we ' ve both just got to take it one thing at a time .
i want to tell him something that matters , something big , but the only thing that comes to mind are those three little words that we are so , so not ready for .
she asks me about the picture , and i tell her the same thing that i tell everyone who asks .
` ` that thing your dad mentioned tonight about learning from mistakes .
i 'd thought the same thing about myself on a daily basis once upon a time , until i 'd had enough to drink to stop caring .
and talking keeps me from thinking about how you 're probably a serial killer , hence the whole following thing . ''
` ` i think it was the most honest thing you ' ve said to me .
` ` that 's literally the sexiest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` okay , but , can i just ask one tiny thing ? ''
` ` sure thing , '' he said , taking the key from me and turning it in the lock .
' why did ye tell him a daft thing like that ? '
it was the last thing i had expected ; i had thought he would greet my decision with relieved applause .
` ` that is possibly the most outrageous thing i have heard in my life ! ''
he clapped one hand over her mouth and said the only coherent thing he could think of .
` ` you , '' i said , ` ` have not got one bloody , filthy , stinking thing to say , about bree or anything else ! ''
but if you try to take bree away with you , i 'll have a thing or two to say about adultery .
` ` damn you and your face that ca n't hide a thing you think or feel . ''
but there was one thing i had had to bring , no matter what the consequences might be if anyone saw them .
the wee poolie i telt ye of - him that did the disgustin ' thing to me ! ''
` ` i know , laddie , '' he said , ` ` but to say such a thing to him- '' ` ` i couldna tell him , though , and i had to tell you , uncle jamie ! ''
` ` for the second thing , ye needna fear telling your father . ''
jenny murray had been the nearest thing i had ever had to a sister , and by far the closest woman friend of my life .
` ` i never said a thing to ye- '' ` ` no , you did n't !
` ` you have the filthy , unmitigated , bleeding gall to say such a thing to me ? ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , jamie fraser , '' i muttered under my breath .
` ` oh , god , '' said jamie hollowly , feeling the same thing .
` ` write the bloody thing and have done .
he remembered the last thing she had said , though , as she pushed him toward the tilting taffrail .
` ` you 'll be careful , now , lassie , '' was the last thing he said to me as i watched the anesthetist set up the intravenous drip that would maintain him while i amputated his cancerous left leg .
was the first thing jamie asked , reining up for a moment .
` ` the first thing a scientist asks - how do you know ?
` ` a thing your mother said , telling us about - about when she came back , and how she became a doctor .
she said , giving him a chance to correct the clearly insane thing he 'd just said .
the recent exchange was the closest thing he 'd had yet to an actual conversation with the girls , and he was under no illusions that their brief foray into amiability would last past daylight .
i would never turn to you in the wake of such a thing .
i could n't tell you a thing that he said .
he wanted to ask everything , say everything - but there really was only the one thing to say to his father , and that thing was snoring in his arms like a drunken bumblebee .
both of them had said the same thing .
you are n't going to touch me was the only thing in my mind .
dark moon , then , i decided , or a sliver , which would amount to the same thing .
who says such a naughty thing ? ''
they 'd said one other thing about his mother .
` ` i mean , '' william fumbled for clearer meaning , ` ` what sort of thing would you - would one - say in a death song ? ''
he blinked and said the first thing that came to his mind .
` ` often enough for your face to say the same thing , '' he whispered , and clenched his fists .
say the same thing if you meet with british troops .
i had n't meant to be funny - i was so frightened that i said by it reflex , the first thing that came into my mind - and he did n't laugh .
` ` that 's the best thing i can think of .
he wanted only to say one thing to her , and that was the one thing he could n't say , ever .
he wanted only to say one thing to her , and that was the one thing he could n't say , ever .
` ` just tell me one thing now , '' she said .
with principles of proper hygiene and nutrition , and guides to the common sorts of illness , how to make up simple medicines , what to do for wounds and bad teeth - that sort of thing . ''
she and jenny did speak now , of course , but it was a stilted kind of speaking , both of them overcareful , shy of saying too much or the wrong thing .
aye , well , he was afraid of saying too much or the wrong thing himself , but damned if he 'd be a woman about it .
stung , he said the first thing that came to his tongue .
` ` ye dinna understand one thing about me , and ye think ye can awe me into crawlin ' away like a dyin ' dog and troubling ye no more !
` ` just the one thing , '' he said sternly , when joan had released him and stood back .
` ` i think that might ha ' been the closest thing we had to a decent conversation . ''
roger did n't hesitate ; he 'd had time on the way to decide what to say - and there was only one thing to say , in any case .
if she did find ian , she 'd have a thing to say to him , she thought .
his chest heaved from running and he was out of breath , but he could n't have thought of a thing to say , even so .
but he knew jamie fraser infinitely better than he knew claire - and the one thing he was certain of was that nothing whatever would stand long between jamie and his wife .
just - the one thing more .
why would he lie about such a thing as that ? ''
the only thing in his mind was the idea that somebody had hit him with a lightsaber like luke skywalker 's , and for a minute he thought maybe whoever it was had cut off his head .
it was what grandda said when he talked about a fight or killing something , and this was n't quite that sort of thing , but it seemed like a good thing to say anyway .
the narrowing of uncertainty calmed him a little , and he managed to put his mind to thinking of historical events that had occurred in that gap that he might offer as current news in conversation : absurdly , the first thing that came to mind was that the bottle opener had been invented in 1738 .
` ` and not a mean thing to say for it , either , '' fraser agreed .
it was a reckless thing to say , but it might help him to figure out when he was , and he meant to say nothing that might make it look as though he had a personal stake on either side .
` ` i maybe shouldna say such a thing , but it may be in your own mind already .
` ` tell me the one thing , would you ?
` ` now , that 's a very pretty and right thing to say , sweetheart , '' she said to rachel , in approving tones .
he stopped what he was doing and closed his eyes instead , waiting to see if maybe da had a thing to tell him .
` ` unless you say the wrong thing to jamie before we leave and he really does break your neck this time . ''
it was probably the one thing percy could have said that would have made him attend .
` ` the last thing i ' ve heard is that lee has taken command of the force attacking the british rear and means to encircle the british , '' he said , polishing his spectacles on the tail of his shirt .
tell him the same thing ; i 'll fetch along craddock 's troops . ''
` ` what 's the last thing you recall ? ''
he bounded up the gravel trace that was the nearest thing there was to a path , calling out mandy 's name at intervals , torn between overwhelming joy and terrifying panic , lest it not be real , lest he actually had cracked and was simply imagining that jem was there - he turned at every third step to check that he was there , still standing on the road .
` ` the main thing fergus hasna told marsali , though , is about yon french popinjay wainwright . ''
some of the men he talked to had n't recognized the name at all ; two or three said , oh , yes , the english viscount , prisoner , billeted with a family called tobermory , very civil fellow , shame that he 'd died ... ... and one man , a lieutenant corey , had said the same thing but his eyes had flickered slightly when he said it .
that 's one thing to be said for poverty , '' he added reflectively , stroking my bottom .
a thing like that would tear them to pieces - and put them at loggerheads wi ' us , nay doubt , for they 'd be insisting up and down that maggie was lying , rather than believe such a thing .
it was also the boldest thing either of us had ever said to each other .
shading the illustration of a guy i 'd seen skateboarding up the drag this morning , i made every effort to convince myself of the thing i knew to be true : jackie wallace 's heart was not mine to defend or protect against treacherous friends or disloyal boyfriends .
i doubted she expected me to follow a single thing she 'd just said .
i turned and left , certain those four words would be the last thing i 'd ever say to jackie wallace .
it was a good last thing to say .
lucas i guess my brain rebooted during the four hours of sleep i finally got , because i remembered the nagging thing i had n't been able to recall since saturday night .
' it was a dick thing to say . '
' so that day in shop - that thing i said about brittney loper right before you punched me - you like her or somethin ' ? '
she gasped gratifyingly , and i could n't decide if that reaction was the most enchanting or the most unfair thing i 'd ever heard .
i tried to remember the last thing we said to each other , but i could n't .
weak was the last thing i wanted to appear to melody .
i turned to jacqueline , dismissing him - the one thing guys like him ca n't easily swallow , and the one response to which i could give free rein .
then kennedy moore gestured to me and said exactly the wrong thing .
' go get ready for school , baby boy , ' mom said , calling me the thing she only said in front of dad or when we were alone .
neither of you asked for what he did - there 's no such thing as asking for it .
even high , i was fully aware that i 'd just said the stupidest f**king thing i 'd ever uttered .
she asked how , and i told her the first thing that popped into my head - i 'd never had a girlfriend .
my palms braced against the door , and i forced out the thing i feared , and the desire that had bided its time , waiting to crush me .
' the last thing my father said to me , before he left , was , ` ` you 're the man of the house while i ' m gone .
it seems to me sorry is the convenient thing to say when people want something .
as he tries to open it again , i save him and myself from whatever uncomfortable thing he is going to say .
instead of two guys thinking i ' m a freak , an entire crowd of people thinks the same thing .
we have biology books at school , and i ' ve had sex ed , but it was different , standing there , seeing him ... and then i went and said the most epically tragic thing ever : there is no freaking way that will fit .
` ` tell me the first thing that pops into your mind .
oh , heck , wrong thing to say .
exact wrong thing to say .
` ` answer me one more thing , '' she presses .
even though i ' m giddy , i ' m still super - nervous that i 'll say the wrong thing and screw this up .
my dad sure as hell had one thing right : the inside of this place is immaculate .
` ` dad used to say the same thing , and mom would wear this look that said that she knew he was right , but she was too stubborn to admit it . ''
` ` i listen to every damn thing that falls out of your mouth .
` ` your friend told me the same thing .
the most truthful thing i ' ve said to jax in six months .
i 'd imagine saint john thinks the same thing . ''
` ` can i say one more thing ? ''
one more thing i ' ve screwed up .
` ` i was going to apologize for the same thing . ''
i called mom an hour ago and told her i loved her and i told her to tell dad the same thing .
she said the same thing every morning , worried about my lack of sleep and a long workday ahead .
` ` you know , i was thinking the same thing .
` ` oh , you mean the thing about how you 're watching the child tonight while i take my woman out for some fun ? ''
she laughs like i said the funniest thing she 's ever heard .
and i 'll tell you the same thing when i come visit you next month .
i ' m trying to come up with any excuse to talk to nyelle , so i say the first dumb thing that comes to mind .
` ` i guess because i get the same thing every morning , '' i answer with a shrug .
so the last thing i expect to hear while standing in line for my coffee is , ` ` hi , cal .
i ' ve barely heard a thing she 's said .
it sounds more like a question , because i know it 's a strange thing to say at a strip club .
i close my eyes , trying to think clearly enough to say the right thing .
` ` what 's the first thing on it ? ''
i slowly walk toward her , afraid to say the wrong thing .
why does every single thing you ' ve said to me tonight make me want to hurt things and various people ? ''
i wished i could say the same thing .
if he ever got a chance , i knew , just knew he would put my father in the ground and not think twice about it because he loved my sister and that was the only thing that made sense to him .
` ` the same thing goes for my brother . ''
` ` race does n't have anything on me and i do n't owe him a goddamn thing .
i thought back to me begging him not to leave me when they were taking me to the hospital and told him the opposite of what he had told me , even though it meant the same thing .
i ' ve asked myself that same thing over and over and over again .
` ` i still wonder that very same thing . ''
but i think the most interesting and important thing i picked up was that he thinks you 're different .
it 's the same thing most people think .
no one would be able to prove a thing . ''
that 's the one thing i ' ve learned , the one thing that has stuck when nothing else would .
that 's the one thing i ' ve learned , the one thing that has stuck when nothing else would .
i ' ve had to come to terms with a whole lot of stuff that someone like you would n't know the first thing about .
hardy thought that an odd thing to say , an odd observation to make , and he found himself even more curious to see what the owner of that voice looked like .
he searched for something else to say , for some way of talking her into going , but he could n't think of a single thing that might convince her .
` ` the only thing i ' m afraid of is your twisted insight , '' he said glibly , deflecting .
emerald green eyes that felt like home and crinkled in laughter hovered at the back of his mind , but his lips said the first thing he could find beyond them .
when her lips parted the tiniest bit , he wondered if she was thinking the same thing .
her eyes seemed to scream at him that she meant so much more , but that was just one more thing hardy could n't be sure he was n't imagining .
his face was a thundercloud and hardy was immediately cautious , never mind that he could ' ve asked his father the same thing .
that was the last thing she said for at least an hour .
and in some ways i ' m not , but it still rankles that they put me in the same category when they do n't really know the first thing about me .
it 's odd that such a small thing would make such a difference , but it does .
` ` there 's no such thing as too old for harry potter .
a silence steals over the cab of my truck and i know that we 're all thinking the same thing .
` ` sig , it 's the same thing to me - ca n't and wo n't .
but i hate it even more that she thinks she means the same thing to me that amber does .
i did n't say a single thing . ''
the only thing i can think of is that i might die if he touches me again .
i do n't have a lot of patience to deal with her when i ' m wide awake , much less first thing in the morning .
i smile , remembering he said the same thing the first night we met .
i have wondered - and worried over - the exact same thing since last night .
i see her chin come up and i realize that was the wrong thing to say .
things that i ca n't say on a voice mail or in a card , or with flowers .
even though she smiles , as the doctor walks in , i know she 's thinking the same thing i am : how long do we have ?
long enough that i knew that time no longer meant the same thing as it had that morning .
` ` i do n't know , '' i said distractedly , now wondering the same thing .
i knew in that moment that there was only one thing i could give her that would make a difference , one thing that would ease her suffering .
` ` um , wel , that 's another thing i need to tel savannah . ''
` ` i have an idea , '' annika piped up first thing .
the one thing we know for sure is that we need to get lil y , right ? ''
instead , i plastered my brightest smile on and said the only thing i could .
the only thing i knew for sure was that i needed to see bo , needed to talk to him , and the only way i knew to do that was to catch him visiting me .
i had been thinking the same thing .
that meant only one thing : time to brush off my daytime emmy and get to work pretending .
though i wanted to know , i did n't think i could handle one more thing on that night .
i felt even worse for thinking such a ridiculous and terrible thing about her , for thinking she could be the heather .
the only thing i could ' ve added to that was , more than anything .
the only good thing i could say about the time spent with my family was that they 'd managed to take my mind off bo , but that was like saying that someone cut off my leg to take my mind off the hole in my chest - simply a trade of one painful thing for another .
as if he 'd suddenly realized the same thing , devon 's ire visibly waned and he turned his attention back to his tray .
when they were both seated once more at the table on the patio , i looked down at savannah and said the only thing i could say .
i wondered if maybe he was thinking the same thing because , as i watched , the dark , dark brown of his eyes disappeared behind the widening blackness of his pupils .
duh was the first thing that came to mind , but i swallowed it .
out of all that , out of all the questions that his explanation generated , the only thing i could think of was that he was killing himself .
` ` the only thing i want to hear from you is the truth . ''
` ` tell me everything is going to be fine , '' i requested , knowing that it was impossible for him to guarantee such a thing , especially considering that he was dying .
` ` there 's only one thing that i can think of . ''
there was only one thing , one manifestation of the purest evil , that came creeping to mind and it made my blood run cold .
i must ' ve said just the right thing .
` ` well , i know there 's at least one thing you ca n't resist , '' he says with a wink .
secondly , there 's the fact that the most important thing jet knows about me is nothing but a lie .
her words say one thing , but her tone says something else .
` ` i did n't want to just ... just ... leave , so i stood up and said the same thing everyone else was saying . ''
the last thing i hid from , which was the truth of what i 'd done , is a regret i 'll have to live with for the rest of my life .
for some reason , i ca n't think of one single thing to say .
the first thing that comes out is legs .
` ` sure thing , jake , '' he answers .
the only thing i want to hear from those luscious lips of yours is one word .
i wonder if she asks herself that same thing often .
you know my parents would never say any such thing .
i know one thing 's for sure : it ca n't have anything to do with laney .
my mind is already made up , but there 's one thing i need to know .
and , although i do n't ever see myself being good enough for her , i can promise you one thing .
` ` i have n't texted rusty one naughty thing since you told me what we were doing with this no sex thing . ''
i wonder if she 's thinking the same thing i am .
the only thing that will always be true now is that he 's gone .
i never asked you for one thing .
` ` there is one thing i should ' ve told you last night , '' i say , taking one more step toward her .
i know we 're both thinking the same thing .
i ' ve wondered the same thing a thousand times , especially lately .
` ` patrick , promise me one thing . ''
i ' ve asked myself the same thing a dozen times in the last week .
` ` i thought the same thing , '' he admits , kissing my eyelids and my cheeks .
` ` the only thing it can mean .
that was just not the kind of thing you said to derek and i knew it .
if there was one thing i knew for sure it was that i did n't want to get caught in a cemetery after dark .
there 's only one thing i have left to bargain with , one thing i can give away to make things right .
the one thing i knew for sure was that i had to get leah out of there before something terrible happened .
as i watched my mother suffocating and could hear the dead scrambling toward us once more , panic rose inside me and a thousand things drifted through my mind in an instant .
another thing i was certain of was that my role in her life was over .
` ` i was wondering the same thing .
` ` well , the more money in my pocket thing remains to be seen .
i think it 's funny that i wondered the same thing .
she really is breathtaking , even first thing in the morning .
unless it 's the same thing i ' m feeling , too .
not one of these people knows the first thing about me , olivia included .
i ' m pretty sure he 's thinking about the same thing i am - how to walk away without a kiss .
whether cash and i have a future is one thing .
whether he 'll break my heart is one thing .
i need him for one thing and one thing only .
and , to olivia , it probably feels like pretty much the same thing .
my head is getting fuzzy from lack of oxygen and the only thing i can think of is that no one wears wing tips with a track suit .
my headache and every bad thing i ' ve been thinking of melt away the instant his eyes meet mine .
i ' ve wondered the very same thing myself .
i say nothing to him because , on some level , i ' m wondering the same thing .
but then , as if that very thing suddenly occurs to her , her expression softens and she reaches out and puts a hand on heather 's arm .
the one thing i ' m certain of is the only thing that matters .
the one thing i ' m certain of is the only thing that matters .
` ` it 's funny , i was thinking the same thing about you . ''
one thing i ' ve never been able to forget , no matter how much i tried .
the boat name that dmitry scrawled across the front is the only thing i have to go on .
that 's the only thing he wanted from me .
he 's giving up so much to help me , to help my father and my family , and the only thing he asked in return was that i deliver a letter for him .
you do n't owe him one damn thing !
the only thing i really wanted was for nash to come back .
one thing runs through my head as i dress and call for a cab .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing , '' i admit .
` ` one thing you need to learn about me , lyla , is that i ' m really , really serious about the things i want . ''
` ` forgiveness is the hardest thing in the world to give .
` ` well , it was just ... from things you ' ve said to me and the whole shannon thing and , um ... just the way you ' ve been in general ... so , yeah . ''
the first thing out of my mouth though is , ` ` um ... how did you get my number ? ''
just promise me one thing ... '' ` ` i do n't generally make promises . ''
i know he 's thinking the same thing .
and i was just starting to consider maybe giving in after his whole trust thing .
we 're trapped in this awkward moment , and i do n't know what to say , so i say the first thing that comes into my mind .
it 's the sexiest fucking thing i ' ve ever heard .
the last thing he said to me was ... i ' m sorry .
` ` i ' m not telling you a damn thing .
he had n't revealed one thing to them , and he 'd known plenty .
` ` i wo n't show or tell you one more thing until you agree to help me . ''
i did learn one thing with that shared look .
if a vampire hunter wanted to take point , that could only mean one thing .
` ` how could i misunderstand a thing like that ?
i did n't know what to say , so i just typed the first thing that came to mind .
the sordidness of you and madoc together is the one thing my husband and i can agree on . ''
and one thing could not be denied about katherine .
she spoke in the soft , sultry kind of voice that only means one thing .
` ` this is the wrong place to talk about this , and there are things i want to say to both of you , but for now , i 'll just say this . ''
` ` i love my brother , but get one thing straight . ''
it was the dumbest thing i 'd ever heard .
so i have to go back and rewrite the whole thing ? ''
and i 'd bet every woman thought the same damn thing when she looked at him .
i always counteracted one shitty thing i said or did with two decent things , like volunteering or donating money , but i still felt unclean .
jake flipped back to the front page and looked to be rereading the whole thing again .
i wiped the tears , only wanting one thing from jax .
i think of you first thing in the morning , and last thing at night .
it was the last thing i thought before i blacked out .
then , the next thing grant said pulled me out of my troubled thoughts , ` ` dad ? ''
when he went to prison , the last thing he ever said to me was that i had killed my mother , and when he got out , he was going to make me pay for it , '' grant said , a pained look on his face .
i 'd have said the same thing a couple of months ago .
if that was the first thing aaron had said though ... he was probably right .
` ` why , that might be the most romantic thing you ' ve ever said , '' i joked .
and it was terrifying and fucking wonderful to look into her eyes and see the same thing reflected back at me .
` ` sure thing , '' i said sarcastically .
miller , mcavoy , and vin looked like they wanted to know the same damn thing .
that was probably the nicest thing i 'd ever heard come out of grant 's mouth , and we 'd managed to have a semblance of a conversation without him making some dick sexual reference .
i have a problem with spewing the first thing that comes to mind . ''
the other guys stood around apparently wondering the same thing .
for some reason , it was the only thing i could think about .
vin cocked his head back like i 'd just said the most shocking thing .
up until we 'd gotten involved , i would have thought the very same thing .
i opened my mouth to tell them what had happened , but instead , i said the first thing that came to mind , ` ` i heard you were with vin last night . ''
it seemed like the same thing passed over everyone 's faces .
it was the only thing ringing through .
every single thing he 'd said felt like a knife wound to my chest .
for some reason , i had a feeling that his definition of a good time and my definition of a good time were n't the same thing .
brady leveled her with a look that said the same thing she was already thinking and moved on .
it was the same thing from everyone .
topher and phillip had said something similar , and now his sister was reiterating the same thing .
` ` sure thing , '' the bartender said , winking at him .
but with everything that had happened since she had left his house , it was n't the first thing she had thought she would spit out .
could brady be thinking the same thing ?
it might not have been the smartest thing to say , considering all she had gone through with brady this summer , but she did n't know what else to say .
liz hoped it was the right thing to say .
it was the first thing out of his mouth .
her big mouth always manages to say the exact wrong thing .
what was the last thing he had even said to her ?
but she could remember clear as day the last thing he had texted to her before leaving the primary .
she just wanted to stare at him , but instead she said the only thing that she could muster enough courage to say : ` ` i do n't think we should do this . ''
when brady did n't answer , liz said the first thing that came to mind .
the only thing that was n't in the article was liz 's actual name .
okay ... maybe one thing .
that was the right thing to say .
she had said the same thing to him on the day of his primary .
her heart felt heavy , but at least she knew one thing : she still had brady .
did n't you hear the whole thing ? ''
` ` sure thing , vickie . ''
you do n't fuck this up , because every single thing that you do , god help us all , reflects back on him .
same fucking thing .
she wondered if hayden had been feeling the same thing that erin had - that he had made a mistake , he loved her , and wanted to make it all right .
` ` why do you look like that 's the worst thing i could say ? ''
if he makes one move or says one thing about wanting to get back with me , i 'll walk out of the building and let you tell me you told me so . ''
surprisingly enough , seated next to easton was clay 's girlfriend , andrea , which could only mean one thing ... ` ` hey , beautiful , '' clay said , wrapping liz around the middle and pulling her into a hug .
now she did n't really have an occupation , so she went with the closest thing .
` ` do you always say the right thing ? ''
brady glanced at her and she could see he was thinking the same thing .
liz had wondered the same thing .
she would hear the whole thing later .
as for ben , i ' m wondering the same thing .
she immediately felt horrible and started crying and begging me to forgive her , but she never told me a damn thing .
for one thing , i do n't have the money for boots , and for another thing , hell , no .
it 's the kind of thing she deserves to hear , the kind of thing i 'd never thought i 'd hear myself say , but yet my lips let the words tumble out , and i wonder who i ' m becoming , here in this room with kylie .
it 's the kind of thing she deserves to hear , the kind of thing i 'd never thought i 'd hear myself say , but yet my lips let the words tumble out , and i wonder who i ' m becoming , here in this room with kylie .
` ` if you heard the whole thing , you probably heard what i said about - about me and oz . ''
it 's the worst thing i ' ve ever felt .
i wonder the same thing . ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight , '' becca says .
` ` like i said , you do n't know the first fucking thing about me . ''
i did and said things i had no place doing or saying , and i ' m sorry .
the last thing your parents told me was that you were playing semi - pro football in texas . ''
she liked the ` ` classical '' thing , and i do n't think she really understood what that meant , or what she really wanted for me .
she was still so angry , so hurt , and so bitter about him , she wanted me to switch schools , or tell them to apply it to someone else 's tuition , or anything , anything other than accept a single thing from him .
he laughs at the utter absurdity of the greeting , at the non sequitur of saying such a thing after what we just did .
' that 's about the most hostile thing i ' ve heard all day , ' george said .
and then he said the meanest thing he would ever say to her , all the more painful for being one hundred per cent true .
this was easily the nicest thing mehmet had ever said to him , and in the midst of everything that was wrong at the moment george felt a sudden dizzying upsurge of love and kindness .
' my dear , what an extraordinarily odd thing to say . '
because of all the important things that could have been discussed , that had been the first thing kumiko had said to her in the midst of the inferno .
but even if that passed - and he knew , intellectually , that it would , but knowing a thing and feeling a thing were entirely different and probably the cause of all his species ' problems - he could n't picture himself ever again instinctively making a cut here , a cut there , unsure what the image was until it was made .
' i said no such thing , eejit child .
' no such thing , mate . '
it 'll be the closest thing i ' ve had to a laugh since we set off . '
but i want you to be clear on one thing - and you can tell your friends this , and all those waiting outside too .
like most of the occupants of this ship , you choose to determine my character by the first thing you heard .
afterwards , she sometimes wondered whether that had been the final straw ; the thing that had caused marty to abdicate responsibility for his family altogether .
i liked the whole monkey thing . '
the whole door thing .
that 's not the same thing . '
' now i think about it , this is the closest thing i ' ve had to a night out in ... five months . '
she kept her eyes on the car as she spoke and her voice did that thing where she was saying one thing and thinking about something else .
and mr nicholls and mum were at the counter choosing what to eat so she clicked on mr nicholls 's phone and the first thing that came up was nicky 's facebook page .
nicky thought this one thing quite often : that there was nothing sadder than a lonely hairless baboon .
' jason ' told another girl called stacy that he really liked her and that his mum had picked out some really nice clothes for him if she ever wanted to go out , and the same thing to a girl called angela in his year whom he had once called a scuzz .
' i 'll tell you one thing . '
' go last thing .
he glanced sideways to where jess was tapping her knee nervously and guessed that she was probably thinking the same thing .
at one point she ventured , ' well , at least they 'll be glad to see you , ' but it was a stupid thing to say and he was so deep in thought that he did n't seem to hear .
' were you listening to a single thing i ' ve said ? '
that was the thing she could never escape from .
so he decided to write a short thing about the fishers being evicted and that would be the end of it .
it seemed like the right thing to say .
he wondered if ten years of social work did that , whether it was now ingrained in her to appear visibly neutral whatever shocking thing she heard .
and what he said next was the last thing she had expected him to say .
it was the first straightforward thing anyone had said to her since she had come home .
his response , while less flippant than yvonne 's , had essentially told her the same thing .
and then they were moving , and he was one thing , could feel only one thing , deaf to the clashing hangers , the muffled music on the other side of the wall , the muted exclamation of someone greeting a friend in the corridor .
is n't that the most awful thing you ever heard ? ''
i wo n't say another thing .
the irony is , if it had been any of them , she would have said exactly the same thing .
i got out of hospital last week , and your ruddy housekeeper would n't tell me a damned thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as a life free of complications , rory .
that was the thing i was reminded of when i reread anthony 's letters after you left last week .
the thing she has hidden from herself for a whole year .
i told her the whole thing , and she was great . ''
' and i know exactly who would inform you of such a thing .
i say this because he looked appalled , as if he were astonished that she should even think such a thing .
' that 's a lovely thing to say . '
she wakes up thinking about him , about the way he leans forward when he listens , as if determined not to miss a single thing she says , the way his hair has greyed prematurely at the temples , his blue , blue eyes .
i ' ve left you the chicken thing i promised , and there 's a salad bowl in the fridge .
by six o'clock liv has altered so much of it that she has pretty much written the whole thing .
i keep thinking about something he said that stuck with me - it 's about the only thing that did .
it 's the closest thing she 's had to a night out for weeks .
it was the only sensible thing i could think of to say .
she tells herself the same thing at nine fifty , and nine fifty - two .
i was not afraid of him then - he had already done the worst thing imaginable to me - but i would not spend a moment in his company .
' your dad did n't like the spa thing . '
but i knew that if letty and i had n't had that argument in front of steven ... if letty had n't said that thing about not wanting to go on holiday ...
every time i mention it you say the same thing .
' one thing i ' ve learnt in my seventy - odd years , mike .
this is the thing i ' ve been working towards for months .
' i 'd never say such a thing . '
' i did not hear a thing . '
my father calls me a ' character ' , because i tend to say the first thing that pops into my head .
mrs traynor 's expression suggested she thought the same thing .
' not me , ' said dad , chewing , before mum could say a thing .
will did n't say a thing .
i wanted to ask how exactly he had come to work out this complex equation , but it was basically a nice thing to say so i let it go .
it was the most beautiful thing i had ever heard .
the look of utter relief she and dad exchanged was the saddest thing i have ever seen .
' i was so relieved for you after the whole buttered bun thing .
17 the worst thing about working as a carer is not what you might think .
it was a sweet thing for her to say as i knew that , in some respects , she might legitimately have hoped for an end to it all .
it 's an easy thing to say .
he turned his head to look back at me in the dim light , and i felt he was telling me the same thing .
the thing i have dreaded ever since i first found out about it .
and i 'll say one thing to you .
when i finally spoke , my voice was a small , broken thing .
what emerged was the only thing i could safely say .
we 're standing in the middle of this shitty diner , where des and wade can overhear every single thing i ' m saying to chelsea the innocent tutor with the blue , blue eyes and the pink , pink lips .
saying one thing and really meaning another .
i ca n't believe he would admit such a thing .
he said one thing and did another .
i love it more when he says such sweet , delicious things .
i ' m imagining the same thing .
` ` funny , i was just thinking the same thing , that this is wild . ''
i inhale deeply , hoping i say the right thing and do n't piss her off further .
doing one thing while saying another .
the minute the words fly , i know it was the wrong thing to say .
i ' m sure that 's the last thing colin wants to hear , but too bad .
because there 's no such thing . ''
she says the wrong thing and i ' m outta there .
she says the right thing and i ' m jumping her in my car , in the garage , like a teenager trying to score before curfew 's up .
such a jerk thing to say - and completely unwarranted .
it 'll just be the same thing you always say .
that can only mean one thing . ''
las vegas , phoenix ... '' sounds too good to be true , so i know one thing : there has to be a catch .
i say the same thing , you say the same thing , and then everything 's fine .
i say the same thing , you say the same thing , and then everything 's fine .
she does n't know the first thing about running a restaurant . ''
how powerful i 'd felt , how much pleasure it had given me to see the rapturous expression on his beautiful face , the sweet , sexy things he said to me .
all of us had to be thinking the same thing .
` ` do n't say some cheesy thing like ' ooh baby , you can nag me all night long - two or three times ! ' ''
he gazed around rhys and aj before adding , ` ` and if either one of these f**kers has one thing to say about it , i 'll knock his block off . ''
how could you possibly think such a thing ? ''
but one thing remained consistent and true , and that was my feelings for abby .
` ` i could say the same thing about what you 're doing to me . ''
` ` sure thing , angel . ''
how could you think such a horrible thing ?
` ` oh yeah , well , i could say the same damn thing about you , '' he countered .
melody bobbed her head , but in my mind , i did n't think she was totally onboard with the whole ` ` gentle '' thing .
that was a horrible thing to say to you .
` ` you think that now , but i wonder if you would be saying the same thing when she became a teenager , '' i mused .
` ` hmm , i think i could say the same thing about you . ''
` ` one thing my grandfather believed in was family unity and putting on a strong family front to the world .
rhys had always called me the same thing , and although i hated it , i saw now that it meant something to him to call me that .
i knew it was a real f**king ass**le thing to say considering our history with tequila .
it was a good thing gabe was n't feeling talkative because i do n't think i could have focused on a f**king thing he was saying .
but no matter how long or how far i walked , one thing was still true .
cocking my head at him , i countered , ` ` yeah , i ' m pretty sure i could have said the same thing to you when you decided to date abby . ''
` ` is that where the most romantic thing comes in ? ''
` ` what happens in the challenger , stays in the challenger , kinda thing ? ''
` ` i think i could ask you the same thing . ''
if she was standing here before me , i 'd say the exact same thing to her . ''
` ` that 's exactly the kind of thing the old you would have said . ''
unease prickled over me , and the worst thing i could ever imagine entered my mind .
` ` i ' m sorry , but that 's the last thing i expected out of your mouth . ''
` ` i could say the same thing to you . ''
` ` i tell her the same thing all the time , '' lily replied .
` ` but i will make one thing clear .
when dee gave me a funny look , i added , ` ` lots of vitamins and organic food - that sorta thing . ''
` ` i would say the same thing . ''
` ` let me say one more thing . ''
i know one thing , i ' m really glad dad cancelled that spa appointment he had scheduled for mom and me .
one thing you 'll learn about me , jersey , is that i ' m very honest and i do n't like to sugarcoat anything .
logan presses his lips together to say one more thing , but i do n't let him .
` ` allow me to be clear about one thing , bleu . ''
` ` i believe you but we should be clear about one thing .
` ` the last thing you told me was no more condoms . ''
` ` i mean the into me ... you see thing . ''
i only know one thing : i still plan to kill him .
` ` i want to be crystal clear about one thing since we 're talking children .
` ` so the whole ' want me , wait for me , ca n't have me until you are dying to please me ' thing was all an act ? ''
` ` thank you '' does n't seem the appropriate thing to say .
someone showing up here at this time can only mean one thing .
` ` i only know one thing .
this can only mean one thing : our artilleries for the irish are being hidden here .
i have no idea what the hell i 'd say but i know one thing ...
i feel a dreadful heaviness deep in my chest because i realize everything finally being right for her translates into one thing : she 's thrilled that i ' m leaving .
that was a stupid thing to say since i ' m stating the obvious .
avery is the only thing i can think about .
i once believed the same thing about me and avery so i understand where he 's coming from .
` ` sure thing , '' she says .
i ' m proud of your newfound sketchiness , but there 's one thing you have to remember .
` ` let 's get one thing straight ; i ' m not easily defeated , but if i ever am , you wo n't know it unless i want you to know it . ''
she shook her head like she could n't believe i would say such a thing to her and said , ` ` if this is the real you , whoever told you to be yourself could n't have given you worse advice . ''
` ` gretchen , the smartest thing to ever come out of your mouth is a guy 's ... '' ` ` whoa , claire ! ''
living in a family with a doctor , a psychologist , a medical student and a crna caused me to suspect one thing to come out of her mouth .
the whole deandra thing had thrown me for a loop and i was n't sure i would ever be normal around claire again .
` ` the only thing i can say is that i did n't do anything to jessie . ''
` ` the only thing i can tell you is that there 's more to this than you know . ''
` ` sure thing , coach and thanks for everything .
each time i looked his way , he would turn from me as if he had changed his mind about saying the thing on his mind .
my heart almost stopped because i thought maybe he had rethought the whole asking me to go thing , but he asked , ` ` do you mind if we take your car ?
she did n't say a word as she stared into my eyes with a determination to figure me out and the thing she thought i was hiding .
i had heard all the lines of bullshit before and i knew the game like the back of my hand but none of nick 's words sounded like the kind of thing a playah would say .
` ` i believe i could say the same thing about you and jessie since you disappeared for like , what ?
there were so many uncertain things in my head , but i was sure of one thing .
there were so many uncertain things in my head , but i was sure of one thing .
i only knew one thing for sure .
the only thing i ' m sure of is that i ' m not going to lose you because of her .
the only thing i have to go on is what she says , so this baby may not even be mine .
god , that was not the right thing to say to your girlfriend when another girl just showed up on your doorstep claiming to have had your kid .
` ` i think you can expect to hear that kind of thing around here . ''
i looked down and tried to decide if i thought the baby looked like a he or she , but i could only distinguish one thing from that sweet face .
i wondered if he was thinking the same thing .
he might not know the first thing about being a boyfriend , but he was trying .
` ` there 's one thing i do n't understand . ''
a powerful surge of emotion ripped through me as braydon held me , murmuring sweet things in my ear .
making the split - second decision that i was n't yet ready to probe into anything deeper - like where he and i stood - i blurted the first thing that came to mind .
` ` sure thing , babe , '' emmy said , though sounding skeptical .
she told story after story about their dating history - the places they 'd been , things they 'd done - recalling funny things he 'd said , often making herself erupt in laughter .
ben met my eyes and i knew he was thinking the same thing .
it was probably an ass**le thing to say , but that shit was the truth .
the fact that i was even questioning all this , trying to calm my raging nerves without sex or alcohol , meant one thing .
` ` can i just tell you one thing ? ''
` ` still , knox , you had to know that was n't right ... . '' ` ` it 's the only thing i know . ''
such an alpha male thing to say , laying his claim to me and wanting it known by all .
i 'd always believed the same thing about knox , too .
` ` not the same thing , angel .
it was the same thing i 'd said to him once about his addiction .
her dancing around her talk with brian and taking off for home meant one thing .
and i knew patty and dave were probably thinking the same thing .
nikki , overhearing the entire thing , laughed .
` ` you know there is such a thing as letting a girl win . ''
he was thinking the same thing i was - that with brian out of town , this was one of the rare times we 'd have true privacy from the boys .
the last thing i want to do is sit inside alone and watch more tv . ''
` ` promise me one thing .
` ` sure thing elle . ''
i ' m sure he thinks i ' ve lost my mind as i smile through my crying after listening to the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to me .
i went through the same thing for years .
the ability to live your own life , truly for yourself , is such an easy thing to say , but such a difficult thing to do .
the ability to live your own life , truly for yourself , is such an easy thing to say , but such a difficult thing to do .
` ` trust me about one thing , liv ... whatever is going on between us , it 's going to happen .
it 's the hottest thing i ' ve ever heard in my life .
` ` just tell me one thing , '' ally yells as i reach my doorway .
` ` you made that whole thing up just now from your head ? ''
sometimes my heart tells me one thing , and my head tells me another , leaving me conflicted as to how i ' m supposed to feel .
i ' m not sure i want to hear the whole thing , but i need to know something .
` ` i think i should be asking you the same thing , jackson . ''
` ` i want to come clean about one thing too , lily . ''
there 's no such thing as too much liquor .
` ` mine used to say the same thing . ''
` ` the one thing i do remember is they never called me sarah .
alexander hoped the only thing in the letter were apologies and not information .
the first thing i need to tell you is that he was issued a no - contact protective order .
olivia had thought the same thing before brushing it off as nothing .
the one thing i learned in my time overseas and after my father died was that life is precious . ''
even in my fucked up version of relationships pre - alexander , the one thing i made damn sure of was that it was exclusive .
i only ask for one thing out of people .
` ` there 's no such thing when it comes to you .
immediately after he left and was told the same thing alexander told her .
his lower lip began to tremble , recalling some rather pleasant memories of olivia saying the same thing .
he had told her the same thing .
olivia raised an eyebrow , remembering their last encounter when he said the same thing .
before i go , promise me one thing . ''
holding her pen and paper as if ready to write down whatever crazy thing was about to fall out of her mouth next , dr . greenstein looked at her .
she thought about all the sweet things he whispered to her when she fell asleep next to him .
` ` he 's probably saying the same thing about you , ya ' know ? ''
how could you say such a thing ?
he had said the same thing .
she loved how one minute he could be telling her how much he loved fucking her , and then the next , he could say the most sweet and sentimental things .
` ` olivia , darling , there are things you should know , '' he sighed , resigning himself to do the right thing ... although it went against her father 's wishes .
i just lost the best thing that 's ever happened to me because i kept her true identity a secret .
` ` i ' ve always wondered the same thing .
` ` all i want from you is the one thing you refuse to give me .
` ` they told me the same thing .
` ` i was going to ask you the same thing , '' i told her , running a hand over the small stubble on my head .
i found myself repeating the same thing i had been saying all afternoon .
the first thing that had crossed my mind was ...
she probably heard the whole damned thing .
the only thing stopping me was the knowledge that i was n't in the right frame of mind to be with lana just now .
if he was making it out of the blue , then it could only mean one thing .
so you bring her down so that she thinks that she ca n't compare to you and miss thing over here . ''
that was the only thing i was sure of at the moment .
` ` that is the stupidest thing i have ever heard . ''
had just about been the only thing i 'd had to say .
` ` you 're the one who asked me to go back to new york with you , liam , '' i had reminded him , because it had been the first thing out of his mouth when he was trying to get me to have a quickie in the bathroom back at the wedding reception .
the next picture was almost the same thing , except i realized it was the other baby in this one .
i was sure that if jesse thought the same thing he would be going all kinds of overbearing father on her and the boy .
i bet she would tell you the same thing .
and the first thing that crossed my mind was the obvious .
even though i did n't know much about the man , there was one thing that he made clear to anyone that he met .
which was really fucked up because i was king of finding the perfect thing to say to get what i wanted .
the man i loved had just offered me the only thing i 'd ever really wanted and i 'd just stood there and watched him walk away ...
which was another thing i needed to tell ax .
just one last thing and i 'll let you get back to work , okay ? ''
obviously we were on the same wavelength if we were thinking the same thing .
my chance to ask for the one thing i wanted the most , the one thing that would give me a reason to keep fighting until i could n't fight any more , was quickly slipping away .
my chance to ask for the one thing i wanted the most , the one thing that would give me a reason to keep fighting until i could n't fight any more , was quickly slipping away .
i could see his mind working , wondering what i was thinking even asking him such a thing .
that was the most ridiculous thing i 'd ever heard .
as if she were thinking the same thing , her fingers thrust into my hair to hold me in place for a little longer , her tongue coming out to skim over my bottom lip before she pulled back enough to meet my gaze .
if my mother saw the dark circles under my eyes she would only have another thing to bitch at me about .
i bit my lip , wondering that same thing .
kate wondered the same thing .
the alley is probably the closest thing to a home shell ever know .
they told me the same thing every time i presented my work to them .
i scanned through lists of wholesalers and retailers , contacting them one after the other , but they all said the same thing : out of stock , expecting a new delivery soon .
the only thing that was certain , according to the file , was that when damascus reappeared in golgotha falls he was a changed man .
danial did n't need him to continue it was the same thing he told himself day after day , hour after hour .
let 's get one thing clear .
reiner wished he could say the same thing about his own bitten leg .
first thing i taught her was how to fall , just like i taught you .
that s not the same thing , and you know it !
i was more aggressive than i had been as a human , and i knew he was thinking the same thing , but was too pleased by the change to say anything about it .
i saw the thing about texas and alaska seceding , and hawaii quarantining their unstablesbut last night i was beati just did nt texas and alaska are no longer a part of the united states , they have stopped all traffic of c - alysium into their states and are systematically killing all of their unstables .
however , this is how things have to bethis is like a repeating thing for her .
it reminds me of being in some kind of lit cavern full of diamondsnot that i ve ever been in that kind of situationit is the only thing that comes to mind .
there s nothing hereit just says the same thing over and over again .
so much of the world has changed for the betterthe only thing i can really state that i feel is important isthat we continue to change for the better and continue to be understanding .
it took them a little while to catch on to that , and the last thing i recall was wondering why i had nt heard from them .
the flagpole and bat incident , coupled with the night - watchs description of my behavior in the lab and the thing about dr . morrison , conspired to have me removed from anything requiring a security clearance .
he would teach the teacher a thing or two .
sure thing , ryan , and thanks again .
the thief was thinking quickly , coming up with the only thing he saw that would allow them to avoid bloodshed .
i ca nt say the same thing about you .
it seems he has nt learned a single thing .
the only thing he told the guild leader was the thiefs description .
i order you to do one thing , he shouted , holding his finger up in front of ricuss face , one thing , and ye cana even do that !
i order you to do one thing , he shouted , holding his finger up in front of ricuss face , one thing , and ye cana even do that !
i do know one thing .
i m just a little tired , do nt you worry about me , you have a good day , was the only thing i could think of saying in reply .
one thing that i think i should make clear to you , is that your friend alistair had nothing to do with the investigation , although he would have been aware that you were being checked out .
alistair hesitated for a few moments before adding , i hope i was not confusing you before martin , when we kept referring to other worlds as well as other dimensions , when we really mean the same thing !
the only thing we can say with any certainty is that we have never been able to detect anything on any of our equipment , and it goes without saying that we do have a lot of expensive high - tech monitoring stuff in here .
i had sat in this damn freezing cold room for about an hour now , and i had not understood a bloody thing .
if you want to hear a lot of even stranger things , we should be getting back to my place .
a look of surprise now shot across sarahs face and she now looked at me directly , not saying a thing .
just as davila looked as though she were beginning to draw things to a close , i said very seriously , davila , we have discussed pretty much everything that i am aware of , but there is still one more thing that i have yet to tell everybody , and this only took place yesterday .
its the first thing that crossed my mind davila , but just how we would pursue this line of reasoning , i really do nt know , exclaimed paul .
yes you too , was the only thing i could think in reply as i quickly turned and made my way up the stairs .
the very first thing that entered my mind was the relief that sarah was not at her desk .
there was only one thing i could say , bloody hell !
` ` oh there are others brother follett , that is one thing i am sure of .
` ` i was just about to ask you the same thing mister , '' the patrolman replied rudely .
the only thing we know for sure is that there is a local legend that she walks this bridge trying to find someone who knows where her brother is .
he was thinking of the right thing to say .
he had to think of the right thing to say .
why tom , that s a very gentlemanly thing to say , she replied smiling , girlishly .
because it says , and this is the only thing it says clearly , that the world wo nt end .
the only thing the faithful will understand is a broken promise , he explained .
this could bring mike a million when it all was sorted out , but he still had to write the frigging thing !
i 'll take your word for it , chen , because i ca n't recall a bloody thing , after the third or fourth club !
no , but she did read my palm and confidentially informed me , among other things , that her old man was in fact just an old senile fool maybe she 's just bitter because she was written out of daddy 's will !
just ask bob dylan and millie vanilliwhy , those dudes could tell you a thing or two .
again , you are not bound by law to say a thing .
now there is one more thing i need to tell you .
its the same thing for me .
i could tell we were both thinking the same thing , what the hell were we doing here ?
how could you think such a thing ? ''
i sipped my beer , i was lying of course , i had asked because i knew two things , teaching yourself sorcery was very dangerous and explosions of water , air , trees and whatever else could be quite common , and if peter had caused the explosion himself the last thing he would want is a thorough investigation .
phil saw the look on her face and knew that he had said the wrong thing .
he had thought the same thing before he left his apartment .
it seemed like a pointless thing to say .
it was the same thing that she used to call her daughter .
was it possible that she had made the whole thing up ?
jane was thinking the same thing .
he knew that shelly was thinking the same thing .
the astral energies tell me much , but one thing i feel is absolute .
both wondered the same thing .
can i suggest one thing , ruben ?
captain ferranti had taught her one thing : that amongst all the chaos and cold and sadness and death , it was the little things which made a person the most happy .
red light meant one thing : danger .
men who say one thing and do another .
a black sedan pulls up , and he gets in as he yells , know one thing , stay alive .
why is it i always hear the same old thing from you marks ?
you women , you both ask me the same thing , and i am surprised you do not know .
but there is one other thing i would like to ask you .
i continue reading , argus , poor devil , informed us in the past that you had no memory of who you are ; that is most unfortunate , so i will tell you one thing .
this thing seems to be everywhere , it must know a lot of things , so i should at least hear it out .
i wondered the same thing , but have yet to find the answer .
a sinking feeling hit her , and she shouted , why would you say such a thing ?
say the whole thing .
that s one thing i need to tell you .
more and more mysteries pop up with no answers like this thing .
i ask , its not that thing the rogue told you , is it ?
i ca n't have this woman thinking that way ; she 'll be no use to me , so i say , there 's one thing i did nt tell you .
no matter a soldier 's country , origin or current mission , he or she could be sure of one thing .
josh had moved back into range , or at least his med chip had which was to be assumed the same thing until proven otherwise although the shocker unit had undoubtedly been discarded .
of course you can say the same thing of other famous people of the time , like julius caesar .
that 's a nice thing to say , but everyone in my church would tell you that if you do n't believe that jesus is the son of god , then you are going to hell .
one more thing i m going to throw on your plate .
she was saying the exact same thing and all for the wrong reasons .
a glance towards commander iraj confirmed he was thinking the same thing ; it was the weapon that had struck the tehran when it was in the hades system .
whoever said there s such a thing as a clean death was lying .
same thing he s told me a hundred times .
to say the wrong thing .
the fact that he does nt care that were surrounded by trash , that were wearing other peoples filthy clothing , or that we smell like dead fish , is about the most romantic and sexy thing i could ever imagine .
cragg said , ' if there 's one thing i can pass on to you , this is it .
she gave him a light scolding for saying such a thing .
what s the first thing that springs to mind about the shape of that apparatusthe inverted dome ?
no , it was you that and another thing : stop with the pally - pally freshman fraternity act .
i ca nt speak for them , but they may have been thinking the exact same thing as i was .
the only thing i could say was so i m gon na live through the outbreak ?
so what is the last thing you remember haley ?
the only thing i could think of was the possible reasoning that someone would do something like that .
same thing , answered dmitri .
i m sure you all do nt need any big speech so ill keep this nice and simple , i just have one thing to say : that s my friend and my brother about to go out there into the wolves den , as it were .
while not making eye contact with each other since recovering from the effects of the fog , they said the same thing : maya would only be putting herself in danger .
i m not authorized to tell you if they re true or not , but i will tell you one thing .
did nt you say the same thing about me last week ?
he had the knack for saying the wrong thing , and aligning with the wrong people .
some of the veremaurs could pick up a drunk cup of coffee , look deep into it and go into a trance , and tell you things about who had drunk the coffee , and what intention that person had .
michael shrugged and said the first thing that came to mind .
michael tore his eyes away from her and muttered the first thing that came to mind .
another thing you have to remember is to stay away from those guys you saw at the caf .
and yet the feeling of power he d experienced that nighthed never known such a thing .
of one thing there was no doubt in his mind : warren and elkin were men of patience .
it was exactly the sort of thing boyd would say .
its the same thing .
as soon as the words left her mouth , she covered her lips , knowing she had said the wrong thing .
that was the last thing i was going to disagree with .
` ` i know , i ' ve been thinking the same thing . ''
` ` i would like to make one thing abundantly clear though .
as soon as you see a gap or a pattern , that s the sort of thing you should tell us .
she looked around at her friends before whispering one more thing in dans ear .
funnily enough i was thinking the same thing , replied witter .
i ' m sorry , she whimpered , as her three sisters crowded around her , all of them saying the same thing .
` ` one more thing , '' ` ` yeah ? ''
i ' m sure you 're about to tell me , though it adds up to the same thing : power and control . ''
just big enough for me with thick walls to keep the slimeballs out , ' is the first thing god hears when he opens his eyes next morning .
i do nt say a damn thing to him ; oh , i had a prosecutors speech or two in my ram , but he was nt some witness going soft when they realize they have to live in this world after a trial- he d brushed up against something nasty and i could nt blame him for wanting out .
that s the nicest thing you ve ever said to me .
and it is nt sexual , which is the first thing most people think .
at least , she had come to understand one thing .
the computer opponent wailed the thing back at the wall so hard markman had to turn away from the rebound .
there is one thing i can tell you that will help , however .
me too , said markman , then he wondered if it was a stupid thing to say .
which thing is ?
it can only mean one thing , she said as she took her seat .
one other thing i do nt understand .
it could only mean one thing : the research station worker was preparing for his night observation .
it can only mean one thing .
kluev mentions the mrs . klavdia thing .
have you ever heard that there s no such thing as a free lunch ?
the second thing sarah learned was that she was n't fighting for a table , which would have been absurd , even for somebody as obstinate as herself , but for the continuation of human mores , culture and civilization it represented , for the right to respect her traditions , and for the utmost importance of protecting what she loved .
sure thing , uncle winston , charles said .
sure thing , quincy said .
sure thing , star .
uh ... sure thing , f.u . , winston said .
48 : happy reunion at least i learned one thing during my trip here , dr . rackenfauz said .
sure thing , star said .
last thing you ever want is for one of them to get a good look at you and remember you .
the only thing anyone can agree on is that the meka and handlers who fight in it are elite .
the most important thing for you to know is it is not something you want to be involved in .
elite meka handlers battling to the death in secret locations ; silliest thing i ever heard .
i would never , ever say a thing like that , jeanette moaned , and nuzzled her face against his neck .
well i would ve said the same thing when i was ignorant about it .
the one thing we were sure of was that we had done enough damage , or had at least offered enough of a defense , that it knew it was time to leave .
` ` i guess that 's a no , '' izzian said , dispiritedly , adding , ` ` i ca n't believe a robot just gave me the hand in the face thing . ''
i wonder if the klesian people will think izzian imagined the whole sign language thing .
every now and again , thoughts would slip from his mind to his mouth and he 'd blurt out any old thing he happened to be thinking of at the moment .
silence was his best option for the moment , and he could n't think of a thing to say anyway .
pretending to be an earthling was a pretty big secret in izzian 's mind , and he knew neither paksha nor eliza would easily believe such a thing .
not such a great idea to text that kind of thing to your mother , by the way .
all that lost time blaming myself for not saying the right thing or saying too many wrong things , was lost time .
all that lost time blaming myself for not saying the right thing or saying too many wrong things , was lost time .
` ` i know all about you , mrs . aloris j. maddlington and i 'll give you one warning - you had better leave izzian and me alone and let us get on with our livesand if you care about that thing growing on your face , you 'll tell it the same thing , '' she added , shocking both izzian and maddlington at the mention of the woman 's large mole .
` ` kids , the first thing i want to say is , i love you very much .
that would be a question for obos , but i can tell you one thing positively , it would be a very perilous mission . ''
jenny was planting a thought she hoped would be appealing to the alien , but she did n't know the first thing about alien psychology , it was hard enough trying to figure out how her own race thought .
but i can tell you one thing for sure , i ' m starved , '' jenny proclaimed .
picking up the receiver , knowing that it was likely to be a board member asking for yet another update , the only thing kate could guarantee was that it was going to be another long day .
her dilemma was going to be short - lived though as the first thing that james said as he came into the office that morning was i have an idea on how we can shut down your wayward programme .
i must ask one more thing of you , mrs darby , he said earnestly .
and from whom have you heard such a thing ?
that is a most charitable and untrue thing to say , particularly in polite company .
who would have ever expected such a thing ?
it was the nicest thing he 'd ever said .
` ` there 's only one thing wrong with that statement , '' the sheriff said .
maurice only knew one thing and this was that he must eat something , and soon .
` ` i 'll tell you another thing . ''
it was absolutely the most disgusting thing any of them had ever imagined in their law enforcement careers .
` ` i say the same thing , '' bertha said .
to aiden and marlaina that meant one thing .
its the last thing he thinks as the block floats away , the spotlights on its surfaces being pulled like threads as it rises , then finally they let it go .
the only thing i thought of at the time was they had someone who had mind control and was blocking me from leaving .
sure thing , maynard .
that s that dumbest thing that i have ever heard !
our doctors understood that meant the same thing that their equipment measured : the heart was not beating .
i was not sure what to think of this , the only thing i could think about at this time was me being chosen for a task so big sounding , so huge in its demands , that it could nt possibly be true .
the gnome then told us a surprising thing he said , i am prince resen , my father if you have not guessed already is king tuines who sits on the throne of this city and rules the gnome world .
in an attempt to cover up my shock i said the first thing that came into my mind .
then he said a curious thing , out in t deep desert i have seen odd things .
the only thing they had said was that thndrn should make ready for guests who would be arriving the following day and that he should show them the events portrayed within the stone .
he dinny say a thing , he left the room an closed m door .
this was the last thing to be said , for the two commanders took their leave to discuss more private matters and conduct a formal handover of the garrison .
one thing is obvious from my contact with the ognods .
it seemed such a bizarre thing to say , but then i suppose we were just learning about the ognods and obviously had a long way to go yet .
we ask one final thing of them , that they complete what they set out to accomplish , for accomplish this they must , for the sake of all .
this was the last thing riyad had expected to hear .
questionable results , my dear professor , by their very nature can only mean one thing ; the questionable viability of the project .
lexel paused for a sigh as she reached up to end the recording before she had to stop to add one last thing to her message .
which could only mean one thing ; greyhounds and with his dwindling reserves he was in no condition for another prolonged battle .
lexel could nt argue with zeros assessment ; the very same thing had crossed her mind last night as they worked to repair his damaged body .
arn did not understand why she would say such a thing , what are you talking about ?
arn had one more thing to say , before leaving , he came close to darken and starred into his yellow eyes .
in all the worlds of the outer rim that gesture meant the same thing , be quiet , so the old man sat still and did not speak another word .
it meant only one thing , there was a storm coming .
fire from the sky , was not the first thing in the outlander 's minds .
he omitted one thing , he did not write of how he felt now his son was gone .
he asked , then he smiled , it is strange but in all the worlds i have visited , when you ask about reproduction , they always say the very same thing .
osh gave her a reassuring look , only time knows the answer to that and time is relative , it does nt mean the same thing to everyone .
i think that all mothers are the same , it does nt matter where you go or what names they have , they all have one thing in common .
at last we can agree on one thing , but we have what we have and my mother always told me not to shed tears for empty pockets .
she looked out at her son , her face wearing an expression of confusion , ` ` what an odd thing to say , '' she whispered , ` ` i can see him out there and he is laughing along with tabitha ... '' her head feeling suddenly heavy angela sat on the nearest chair , ` ` with tabitha who lets him , but nobody else , call tabs . ''
it feels like the sort of thing he should be told ... but ... '' ` ` but what ?
william , remembering the glow he had seen earlier decided to place all his faith in the only thing he could think of .
his mind was racing , surely everyone in the room had not just said the same thing at once , as if of one mind .
` ` there 's no such thing , '' jake said with a laugh .
jacob looked at him , he had wondered the same thing himself the first time they all came back from their various realities .
i did nt say a thing ; she knew the whole story from my face .
she said as if it was the clearest thing in the world .
he said as if it was the clearest thing in the world .
i thought the same thing when i came here .
when i told milton that same thing i wanted him to think independently of the leaders .
i would have thought the same thing .
that s just one more thing to add to the list .
jess opened and closed his mouth several times trying to find the right thing to say , then decided to go with honesty .
his insides churned , he was sure he d said the wrong thing .
that s the stupidest thing i ve ever heard !
one thing that both the bnpt and tmhs agreed on , was that the useless rock at the end of the line was not a real planet , and never had been .
we ve gotten in a lot of trouble from continuing to forget this thing .
i had only just recently heard of broog , but it seemed like the right thing to say .
zeina : sure thing .
zoey : sure thing , counselor .
my friends believe the same thing .
he said the same thing just before his surgery .
bertie , i told you and joe the same thing , did nt i ?
i m just going to speak and i know god will give me the right thing to say .
because the mileage thing is nt broken and that makes me feel very suspicious .
that s funny because my doctor told me the same thing , lola followed roach and casino into the room .
it meant one thing if they took you there .
i just have to say the same thing i said before , and before that .
it was the same thing .
at least he s ditched rhones thing about being in it together .
but if there was one thing certain in life , it was librarians telling you to shush .
i want you to tell me the one thing you re not supposed to tell me .
the one thing that you ve been told to keep secret , tell me .
all three galearii spoke at once , they said the same thing .
another thing i already knew .
it was the only thing she could think of that made any kind of sense .
which had been an odd thing to say .
it could only be that they wanted her to monitor the heavens for neurospace objects , that was the only thing that made sense .
they looked at me really strangely , and i suppose that was an odd thing to say when you ve just come out of a four - year coma .
i do nt want to believe her , but its the only thing that makes any sense .
that s the craziest thing i ve ever heard , he muttered .
in fact that s the first sensible thing you ve said all day .
i think its the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me .
now , lets get one thing straight .
that s one thing they ve gleaned from angela lane .
that s a funny thing for an angel to say .
this could mean only one thing : the watchers were correct : extra - terrestrials really were on their way here .
at least tell me one thing , i ve got to know , and dawn needs to know too .
sounds like the same thing to me , andy said .
just remember one thing .
i could say the same thing , i said and we hugged .
easy thing to say , she answered .
the one thing i had in my head was to keep flying erratically , unpredictably , or we were going to be hit .
i was going to ask you the same thing ?
hydra could n't say a thing .
samlazaz asked again , what was the last thing you heard from my father , again ?
i should have never let you talk me into adding the eid thing .
but let me make one thing perfectly clear .
you always know just the wrong thing to say at the wrong time , do n't you , sir ?
maybe i was talking to airi because i knew she would want to know every single thing i did , and what happened when we were away from each other .
which was , i realized , the last interesting thing bill ever said .
it was an awful feeling , the worst thing i can remember , diametrically opposed to the feeling of relief i was bringing this girl i carried in my mind .
he did nt know what she was playing at , but was reluctant to say the wrong thing .
the last thing she remembered was telling the village elders about the cylinder they found and the strange woman in the woods , but that did nt explain anything .
now , before i escort you to the transport , there is one last thing you should know .
well , i thought the same thing , but your father was so insistent i could nt really say no .
aeria sighed in exasperation , rolling her eyes as she replied , i do know a thing or two more than you do , young one .
aithos smiled again , i was beginning to think the same thing myself .
the one we discussed last night great minds , melrose , replied pierce , i was thinking the same thing .
i asked lord lodge the same thing when he proposed the idea to me , admitted tiberius calmly .
he began to nod with approval knowing they were thinking the same thing .
she knew one thing for certain , that she would not report it to lord cleaver .
its not the same thing .
that s a very strange thing to say , macduff remarked , looking to pierce .
funny you should say that , i was just thinking the same thing , jane agreed as she sat back down on her bed .
who would have written such a thing ?
however , lets get one thing clear here and now .
in the back of his mind all he kept thinking was one thing ; i m a dead man .
it was the most important thing he had ever been told and he had taken it to heart to shape the foundation of the man he became .
long story short , i did my own deductive digging and came up with only one thing .
i could ask you the same thing , dr . foxfire hissed icily .
sure thing , buddy - boy .
you say the same thing every time i go out on my own .
what s that thing you say ?
if i ve learnt one thing about statess military , its that they want everyone to be accounted for .
but i will tell you one thing for certainthey do not want to use the lux to provide people with electricity .
i ca nt think of a single thing to say so i watch the menagerie of colour and shape .
it is unknown what exactly happened to the olympiae , but one thing is certain and that is that men like those do not back down ; not even when they have what they set out to get .
her love for you is the first thing i remember knowing about her .
i want to know the same thing .
the only thing ill keep from her is my growing confusion about her .
i do nt know why , it just seems like the right thing to hand out to aliens .
there is no such thing as sexy in space , darling .
it did nt seem like aggressive sign , but if i knew one thing about aliens , they were never what they seemed .
for instance , you may think you re saying one thing but one of us might interpret it as another thing .
for instance , you may think you re saying one thing but one of us might interpret it as another thing .
that may have been an overdramatic thing to say seeing as the light torpedoes only damaged the shield i do nt care .
if that boy did not like one thing ; it was being picked up by a taller woman and then being dropped again .
to translate what tek said : seconder does not mean the same thing as it does on earth .
cameron said , and chorst , who was watching me as well , was thinking the same thing .
my father was thinking the same thing .
the last thing sven heard about his ex - husband was that geraldine had fled america .
i m sure she would have named the ship the same thing .
i have lived a lot of my life among people who would tremble on hearing such a thing , but surely she , knowing what i am , does not expect me to be one .
sophia , the penitentiary is a very different place to the rest of the city ; the vilest of our society get sentenced there , security is tight and well , lets just say that the things i ve already told about the place , are among many other inhumane actshannah began .
it was such a sweet thing to say - so incredibly illogical - and alex smiled broadly .
this was a very meaningful thing for isara to disclose .
he thought silently to himself , that was probably the dumbest sounding thing i ' ve ever said .
that other thing you said ? ''
` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` that is an act of treason and smells like one thing to me ? war . ''
one thing i have to say about simon , she said .
that s not fair , she said , and its not a nice thing to say about your friend .
i always seem to say the wrong thing , do nt i ?
it was the first thing fintan had heard her say .
back then , a facemask would nt cut it , and the lifespan was much shorter , explained imbria , the elders told me the same thing , said stowik .
i do nt know how to say this kind of thing in a tactful way , so ill just say it the only way i know how .
stowik knew that could only mean one thing .
but even if the hostile takeover thing is true , could kerry possibly be to blame ?
reminds me of a thing my daddy told me : there s nothing on this earth more dangerous than a damn fool with their damned fool ideas .
i could feel them decaying in my stomach , and i spat out the first thing i could think to stop it .
which is about the one thing i can say about this goddamn thing : this was nt americas fault .
the worst thing she could think of that might not be too offensive .
you better be careful with that thing he said .
maybe i was just hearing thing he said .
you forgot one thing i said .
she threw a smoke bomb and hid herself in the smoke one last thing agent sharma you have got some 15 min before you can escape this island , sounds like a video game to me , you like them do nt you ?
one thing i will say about luke , he was almost always right .
a catholic priest , one of the few christians aboard , offered the only thing he could .
too much hinged on the next thing out of his mouth .
i should be able to remember such a simple thing .
the thing that i can tell you is that they can bathe any spot within fifty feet with a signal that resonates with rna molecules so that they can get a return that allows for an rna signature to be formed and identified .
they actually live deeper in the jungle even than this camp , but they gave us permission and some help in setting up our tiny outpost here - in exchange for one thing . ''
` ` it looks so realistic , '' was the first thing i could say .
her body was saying one thing but her words another .
her father would nt have believed a thing i said .
joe was heartened at his friend 's courage , but this was the first thing danny had said he could not agree with , ` ` danny , if anything were to happen , i 'd ... '' ` ` there will be no more discussion of it joe .
chapter 16 meet the team one thing to be said about colonel walsh : he was n't in to wasting time .
one thing i have learned is they are the best funded private military in the world , and have hidden away vast amounts of tech almost unheard of in the history of modern warfare .
i ' ve been with the colonel for a year now fightin ' these assholes an ' i only know one thing about 'em for sure ... '' krieger raised his eyebrows , ` ` yeah ?
i kind of said the same thing to my mom earlier , i say .
no one on earth would ever believe such a thing .
its always been a fun thing to talk about , but now we find a book that says the same thing .
so we do that , and there s one more thing i m going to start learning , i say .
i was thinking the same thing years ago when i put that exact desire out to the universe .
its the same thing , sister .
i was just thinking the same thing .
he said that very same thing , michelle said .
i think its the craziest thing i ve ever heard , danni says .
the closest thing he could come up with was connection .
oh shit , stacey thought , as he was sure everyone else was thinking the same thing .
russell believed it to be the most beautiful and , if there was such a thing , magical place in the entire city .
but the only thing that came into his head was about kristen .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , replied dan .
another thing i got wrong , i guess .
may i ask you one more thing before i sleep ?
the only thing i could possibly think of , because it consumed every fibre of my being .
he had a weird feeling in the pit of his stomach and if he could put a name to it fear was the first thing that came to mind .
one thing i have always been fond of saying , if you want to find the real truth in this world , get to the heart of the matter , forget about the news , the media , politicians , or world leaders , and go ask a comedian .
the island in the middle of the kitchen had hidden it from her view , the thing which turned her world upside down .
rachel 's words said one thing , her tone and stiff body language another .
he blurted out the only thing that was in his head before he could stop himself .
it was the first thing that came into his head .
i did nt use the natural thing , i could just see it in on your face , i know we have nt known each other very long , but henry said .
i do nt , the only thing my father would ever say was that it was the hardest thing he had ever done .
the last thing your father said to your mother , and i was to make sure you were taken care of .
he thought carefully for a moment before speaking , the last thing he wanted to do was say the wrong thing , and make the situation worse .
henry knew who was behind everything , because every once in a while he would be at his locker , one of the only times he had to go near the walls , and someone would body check him , and whisper the same thing that had been said to him on that first day , paul says hello .
he was not sure if it meant the same thing here as it did on earth , but he was hopeful , he thought that if he could get moglie on his side then marito would follow eventually .
the one thing amica was certain of , because she had listened very carefully , was there was only the two of them .
henry realized that he was nt , that she had been talking , and he had not heard a thing she had said .
the only thing i could think about was the chasm of emptiness i was drowning in .
but i can say one thing .
i did nt hear a single thing .
why would she say such a thing ?
the song ends and the first thing that uriel says , if there s one thing i love about your species , its your music .
the only thing i think i feel like or that i can describe is , i m like a bullet .
everyone , run for cover , mario says as it seems that not so long ago he said the same thing .
i m sure that if my real grandmother were here , shed probably tell me the same thing .
its the surest thing i ve ever known , i respond .
i know one thing .
it was a stupid thing to say .
last thing he said was to keep an eye out for my jack .
sometimes i even doubted myself whether such a thing was true if you knew you could be cursed after that why did you marry husbands number four , five and six ?
his mouth was too dry to speak what is the last thing you remember ?
the only thing i ask is you see this day through to the end .
me neither , he stood in front of her now , hopelessly trying to find the right thing to say .
instead she was the perfect hostess , skilfully answering probing questions and parrying those too personal , always saying the right thing , before moving to offer another visitor more tea .
how could you possibly think such a thing ?
how could you think such a thing about us ?
` ` with our vid - comm still offline , i called this meeting so everyone would hear the same thing at the same time , '' the admiral said .
` ` i ' m wondering the same thing , '' nalena said .
i thought the same thing and said so .
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' i said .
the same thing we ve been saying all along ; that this mission has more layers than we were led to believe .
it seemed preposterous that shed openly tell him such a thing after all she did to get to the academy in the first place , but she could nt shake the feeling it was the right answer .
i m afraid mercy is the last thing you will receive .
sure thing , said shawn as he drew his scythe .
its the only thing that made sense .
that s the most backward thing i have ever heard , karg announced in his deep voice .
i knew what to write as the first thing on my list .
this was the one thing i 'd counted on bring out in cross - examination .
i 'll tell you the same thing i told him : it 's a mistake only if you let it stop you from moving on in a positive fashion . ''
she looked like she had been shot ; it was the hardest thing that she had ever had to say .
so i suggest you give up trying to escape , lie back , and listen to this little speech , because it 's the last thing you 'll ever hear .
` ` jimmy , i have one last thing to say .
but could you just tell me one thing real fast ? ''
i mean that s like , like the first thing they say , sarah , really how do people get around ?
yep , is the only thing you can say at the moment .
sure thing sugar , comin right up , she said with a lift .
that is one thing i can say about jhovahkan interrupted his sister one more time , i know why you left .
before i leave you for now , there is one more thing you will need to understand .
the last thing we heard was tamika had given the order to jettison the core .
that s the same thing you said the last time we met .
what i do , he replied as if it were the most obvious thing in the world .
sure thing mister , he offered as he released the bag to fall to the dirt .
the gaels believe the same thing .
funny thing was , he d written the damned thing on a dare , with no thought put into it whatsoever .
she thought it was a very clever thing to say , and very true .
losing eretia i could bear , but losing you four i could not , magist gave a weak chuckle , what a terrible thing for me to say , but i can not deny it .
it was a tacitly understood thing that nothing was said or done that might gratuitously upset the scholar , and not just because the man had an unnerving aura of power that all had come to respect .
` ` one thing i will say for your master , boy , is he knows how to dress you in clothes that make you look more beautiful by the day . ''
he said very little afterwards , but one thing he said brought warmth to the healer that touched every part of him .
the only thing you should ever fear , petal , is disgrace , failure and dishonour .
that is the most stupid thing i ve ever heard !
that s not a very nice thing to say .
it happened to be the third time he d told her such a thing , so she was nt too worried .
pausing just before the gates , she closed her eyes , focusing on the first thing that came to mind .
georgianna opened her mouth , but she could nt think of a single thing to say to him .
she looked at me as if i had just said the stupidest thing in the world .
yes that den - drilla thing .
marie understood the conflict , having seen numerous friends and family go through the same thing .
charles would tell them the same thing .
essentially , like the interrogations buckman had been through , the questions all became a version of the same thing .
buckman tried to describe what happened and realized he was repeating the same thing numerous times .
the closest thing i heard was a relationship with a low level supervisor .
again , all good to know , but this does nt prove or disprove a thing , morgan said .
its the same thing , do nt you get it ?
that s the most honest thing you ve said since i ve known you .
whether a thousand people die in one day or one a day for a thousand days , it adds up to the same thing .
how can he say such a thing ?
the first thing he tried to make clear was that the walking dead have not really been brought back to life .
it had two panels on top of it , and i remembered that thing about sustainable electricity in that report you put out , so we ran over and grabbed it .
and the fact that he had found her meant one thing ; john doe had been looking for alice .
jane grew up knowing one thing : she 's nothing but normal .
a glance up at the rear - view mirror revealed the familiar felt hat that could mean only one thing .
or whatever gangsta thing you want to be called .
if there was one thing she still believed , it was that god had put her here for a reason .
^i must cast you something , if this is truly the last thing that you will nest from me , and this message would only be cued if my death were confirmed , and its content is stored on a secret , secure server .
suld , sitting nearby , was thinking the same thing .
he glanced at wejholl , who nodded back , feeling the same thing .
there was nt any such thing !
the one thing i have been waiting for my whole life , to find other human beings , and you wait to tell me ?
if there is one thing to learn from the conglomerate , it is that wealth is powerthat all worlds are enslaved to economics .
another thing her crusade had cost her .
if shed only tried harder , if shed said the right thing , maybe jeremiah would have listened .
of course , some people probably ask the same thing about your world .
i thort that was a weird thing to say .
` ` sure thing , john , '' i replied .
then he replied with what i thought was a strange thing to say , at the time .
i 'll be right back , '' i told them , and i was outside before they could say a thing .
and a lot of worlds almost the same might be an easier thing to swallow than thinking that the cube changed the whole world except me !
` ` pa , one thing we figured out is that only the same person can trade places with himself , if you know what i mean .
she told me then the worst thing of all .
by the time that i started home , i found myself actually hoping that the whole thing was true .
it was exactly the same thing she said to him five years ago , jeff recalled .
i made the biggest breakthroughs in the history of science and that bastard would nt let me publish a damn thing .
kate wanted to talk more about first grade , and johnny , and that new tv show about cute puppies , but izzy was stubborn and kept repeating the same thing .
that sounds totally ridiculous , said marge , after i had relayed babys words to her , but then not very long ago i would have said the very same thing about wood sprites and dragons .
the needle - sharp voices of the children repeated a litany that came from a box that carried the voice of an unseen speaker : i swear an oath of fealty to the flag of the free city - state of haven i swear my loyalty to the republic of the founding fathers to never reveal our sanctuary to outsiders or sell our haven to demons they were the children of laborers , born in the northern laborers area of haven , and it was the closest thing to poetry that some of them had ever heard .
some idiot makes an arbitrary statement , or an arbitrary rule , and after a while everyone forgets that it was just an idiot like themselves who made the thing up .
a terrible thing to say to someone suffering from scoliosis , said didi .
wodan almost denied that he ever said such a thing , then he realized that he probably carried himself in a way that was insulting to anyone from a culture of domination and brute violence .
you know i think this is a bad idea , but i guess that s the last thing you want to hear .
barkus paused for a long time , then said , that s not the dumbest thing i ve heard all day , but it certainly comes close .
just listen to us , for a moment , said wodan , and agmar jerked in his seat , terrified that wodan would say the wrong thing .
such a wicked thing to say !
they had carefully photographed the seals before they had smashed the plaster off of the door , he had then translated the cuneiform writing in the seals , they had all said the same thing , here lie the quarters of the great and powerful semiramis , sealed for eternity .
the closest thing any of them had to this experience was in simulations , but nothing could compare to the real thing .
he looked at me as if i had said the stupidest thing .
there was only one thing left to ask .
i wondered if gilik had told him to say that sort of thing , just as he told nara to take me away when i first arrived in azureland because he thought me unstable .
leric nodded as though he was thinking the same thing .
i started knocking , i do nt know why ; it was just the first thing that came to my mind .
maybe the whole thing was a lie by the azurelanders .
i know one thing , our partnership 's going nowhere .
over and over i have thought the same thing .
like i said , some secrets need to remain hidden , but i will tell you one thing .
one thing you need to learn , rookie , if you 're gon na be a part of this , is that we follow orders .
if someone said the same thing in the opposite effect , that a second was actually shorter , who would doubt it as long as the clock proved it was just so ?
he had only heard one thing that was true and that was the captains belief of his talent and cleverness .
there was only one thing that filled his mind , only one idea , only one word .
once unfolded completely , he saw that it was not his own , like he could forget writing such a thing .
but his gut continued to say one thing .
he only expected some thing , but there was no some thing .
it was the closest thing to a maxim my mother ever had .
she said the same thing .
give him a reason to regret saying a single bad thing about his sahra .
` ` odd thing for children to say .
but a snitch could say the same thing .
the first thing she ever said to him was in reply to his ridiculous introduction .
you wo nt believe all the ways i can help my score , was the first thing out of his mouth to amber when he walked in the door .
one thing he d learned about amy : do nt argue with her .
two last things for your consideration thing # 1 : your input matters thank you so much for reading my book .
that was the one thing i could say because it filled me with so much anger that there was no way i 'd break down and cry .
i ' ve see the both of you ... that kind of muscle atrophy can only be a symptom of years and years in low gravity , and since you 're only a kid , that can really only mean one thing .
but then again , ship was a stupid thing to call it , too .
and he stood out in my mind for this , for being so perfect , and for the first thing he said to me .
maybe that 's the same thing between christophe and reginald .
ralph must have been thinking the same thing .
i kept reading until i got to the first thing mother added .
when i told both of them that they were basically saying the same thing , even the bradley bot scoffed at my ignorance .
at least he and i agreed on one thing .
but we ' ve got an hour long ride to washington , dc right now and i 'd like to be able to tell chris a thing or two about the day .
it was the first thing lynette said since dinner had started .
and christophe and reginald wanted to hear the same thing .
` ` so the same thing . ''
` ` that 's an awful thing to say , '' jas said after long , uncomfortable moments .
i felt like an idiot for repeating the same thing .
communication 74556 - c3 st command : re : reply reply buttrick : and one more thing ... for the record , chris agrees , if that makes any difference .
because i know the both of you pretty well and that 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
it was an awful thing to say .
thank you , fred , that s the nicest thing anyones ever said to me , jim said as he put his arm around fred .
everyone here is talking about the same thing we are .
its fine , whatever , whatever stupid thing you re going to say , jim joked .
taking into careful consideration its the last mountain that needs climbing , heath said coyly - knowing he could ruin ben if he said the wrong thing during the interview .
half the town came out said nice things and put flowers on the casket ( ben paid for the funeral .
he thought of a thing his father had said to him when they were still on speaking terms , its not the fear of death that defines us .
speed did nt know how all of this worked , but he was sure about one thing : they were scary .
sure thing , boss , jimmy said .
sure thing , star , iridium replied .
i m beginning to think that this humanity thing is over rated .
sure thing , pam said .
tell me one thing jerry , she said .
sure thing , liggett said .
sure thing , edgar .
tell your friends the same thing , rackenfauz said .
what the second thing ?
and you can tell kenneth the same thing .
the image in the mirror moved his lips and seemed to be saying the same thing , but i heard nothing .
it took a few moments for her breathing to steady , but when she looked up at him , he knew he said the right thing for once .
the directorate would look bad if they announced one thing about an unreconstructed find , and it turned out to be another .
neil said , zac , the one thing i can promise you is you 'll have your choice .
i thought the same thing .
besides , its not much different than the thing in the report you re writing .
you are saying the same thing in twenty thousand words .
i do nt have to tell you a damned thing !
that s the only thing that i ve been able to come up with .
that s the second truest thing i ve ever heard you say .
if the things you say about this place are true .
ill tell you one thing , she s strong .
well , there is one thing , i think .
but there is one thing i want to make absolutely clear as we sit in this dark cell together .
the closest thing i can compare her behavior to is autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorder , but i ' ve never seen it in an adult before .
the only thing i can think is that she is suffering from a strange compulsion .
she was n't so sure he was n't thinking the same thing she had been .
muffed sounds of her mother walking into the tv room and then kat could hear the same report she had heard a little earlier , withsuperfluous words cut out as the reporter had probably said the same thing over and over again , automatically streamlining the report .
maybe he had n't done anything to her directly , but the fact that she was suffering the same symptoms and pretty quick after seeing the initial news report could only mean one thing : her mind had been broken at the thought of her whole world being wrong .
but one of the things i have learned in my travels is that the worst thing they could do was tell me no .
but one of the things i have learned in my travels is that the worst thing they could do was tell me no .
later on down the road they ll be threatening the same thing about the tv evonne was right behind me as we entered the warm tavern .
russian , german pretty much the same thing , i told her , mainly just to get under her skin .
the last thing chloe said before her face melted away with mine into the fabrics of time and space was , what s cod ?
at least i know when i go to try and publish this thing that i can go ahead and count the animal rights people on my list of potential enemies right along with mark zuckerberg , good charlotte , barack obama and beyonce knowles .
i was going to ask you that , she told me , causing me to frown because chloe had said the exact same thing to me once .
then i turned away again before remembering one last thing , and remember this more than anything , watch out for the freakin exocoetidae book that ll be out in a few years because you might want to reserve a slot before that little jewel comes out .
i tried to say the same thing for about a minute of two and , after a lot of effort on my part , was finally able to get out a sort of gurgling sound .
its not like you re the same thing .
well , there s one thing you never told us .
michael rowland daffodil had only one thing to say .
that s the same thing .
i nodded , like this was nt the craziest thing i d ever heard .
the only answer , the only definitive thing that anyone would share , the only time anyone would look you directly in the eye was when you asked them if you had died .
everyone thinking the same thing , a bit profound for a seven - year - old ?
i was in the shower , i was washing my hair and the next thing i remember is falling .
i could nt think of a single thing i d learned .
everyone thinking the same thing : again ?
louis thought that to be a strange thing to say but did not further the conversation as he strained to see the intruder .
` ` good questions molly , but first one other thing that i forgot to tell you ... '' ` ` what 's that louis ? ''
i will have to face those things upon my arrival there , but i know for one thing none of you are going with me '' stated louis as a newfound look of determination crossed his face .
i think that if we are all to get out of here alive , that better be the first thing we correct about our behavior .
he was saying real personal thing about me , and about my friends .
` ` that 's the most grown - up thing i think i have ever heard you say in your life young man .
did nt you listen to a damn thing i said earlier ?
that would nt be helpful to the no laughing thing .
one thing had become perfectly clear since my escape : people tended to sympathize with tiny little me .
` ` it was the last thing that gilmat said to me . ''
although i ' m not sure how it 's possible to know such a thing .
hell , i ' m a believer , and even i have a hard time saying this kind of thing out loud with a straight face .
` ` it 's the first thing anybody says when they first see the sleeping sword .
finally , i had to admit that the only thing i was certain of , was the fact that my own mind was ablaze .
` ` that thing you said , '' i replied .
teria asked , as gaent opened his mouth to ask the same thing .
` ` and i would n't be surprised if petorous is thinking the same thing .
first thing kari had asked in a long time , thought shed never speak again .
i looked around and everyone else was also staring at the sky , probably wondering the same thing as me .
that was the first thing they taught us .
it looked like dr . dalla lana wanted to say something more aggressive like , if you think you re leaving then you can drop dead or something but that s not the kind of thing doctors are supposed to say .
when he 'd dropped mac off earlier , jace left without saying a thing .
i wondered the same thing but i ca nt trace the source .
mac kept lifting boards and other debris even though he thought the same thing .
tek said the same thing , but he was a mental patient .
he looked intently at the man in the middle and thought the same thing over and over .
mac moved closer to the wall and thought the same thing over and over .
to answer your question exactly , as probably in your hurry you have worded it , said mr . chillingworth , i can not take upon myself to say any such thing ; but this i can say , namely , that in this coffin there are no animal remains , and that it is quite impossible that any corpse enclosed here could , in any lapse of time , have so utterly and entirely disappeared .
she looked at the man standing before her ; amongst all the confusion she knew one thing .
i m wondering the same thing !
when chenko arrived at his table in the officers dining room , the first thing she said was , i heard they relieved you of command of the 344 !
one thing became clear very quickly , something that shiloh had nt expected .
friends sometimes said that kind of thing to each other in situations like this , but so would lovers .
that whole accident thing was a bit of a lie .
tell me one thing .
he d always been uneasy around women , never had the right thing to say , he did nt think he could pull this off and started to hope there was another way .
he s the closest thing you ever had to a brother , milk said sternly .
kind of an odd thing to say considering the situation , replied milk jingling the ice in his glass .
the rumour mill , they discovered , was going over time with many varied and fantastic - in - the - original - sense - of - the - word stories that all agreed on one thing .
it was the same thing everyone was saying .
with the first thing being said , you do nt always have to do the smart thing to win a fight .
i ve never heard such a thing !
said the wrong thing ?
it was the saddest thing i had ever heard .
i could take the pain away the only way i knew how , with the closest thing i had to intimacy .
her lip quivered again , and i knew i d said the wrong thing .
maybe i had said the wrong thing .
she was going to be angry with me for saying the wrong thing and then she would hate me .
i could nt say the wrong thing .
no , were all getting the same thing .
that is the most ludicrous thing i ve ever heard !
i glanced at fudge , worried and waiting for the same thing also .
and i feared only one thing .
that she was nt genuine was a crazy , stupid thing to say .
crystal did n't want to say the first thing that popped into her mind , because it could n't be .
to me it meant but one thing , and that was that hollis and short and the others had scaled the cliffs and made their way north to the galu country upon the opposite side of the island in time to save ajor and me from almost certain death .
they mostly said the same thing , rewording it as if they were bringing out some new point .
it was the prophecy , the whole thing , written out for her .
once we were all together i went over everything that happened in full detail starting with when i first saw historia to the last thing she said to me in the domer base .
i sure would like to teach them a thing or two after what they did to gilik .
the first thing he did was admit that the tiny country had many problems and that the diz city would be cleaned up .
that s a swell thing to say , but your turning up unannounced and being invisible were not what i expected , so how s about an answer to the question , please ?
a bloody long time , atreus interrupted as he sprang to his feet and pointed at their host , and whilst there are probably stacks of things i do nt know about you , there s one thing i do know for sure .
your rocky impersonation was not even close to the same thing as my driving this morning !
the only thing i have to say to you , freddie , atreus replied in a low tone that forced lord amherst to lean slightly forward to hear him over the thrashing elements outside , is whenever i get the chance , i m going to stuff that smirk of yours right up your ... a deafening crash of thunder drowned out atreus final words .
theo said the same thing .
shattered is perhaps a better description , but the point is , there s no way i could ve moved that slab on my own let alone break it with my bare hands , so that can mean only one thing , ca nt it , sherlock .
as for why its all the way out here , well , i can think of only one thing .
okay , lets start with the only two things we know for sure about the second key and they are that the temple altar was broken into and that the second keys no longer there , he said , which leaves us with two remaining possibilities .
just promise me one thing ?
that s one thing they ca nt take from youfrom kate borrowdale .
i was kinda thinking the same thing .
do nt leave me , i just need to see one thing that these people have written then i will come down with you get your stuff and well go .
the only thing jason was sure of was those beautiful almond shaped golden brown eyes looking at the exact spot that he was standing in .
we all say the same words , think the same thing , everywhere on the planet , and the godship picks up our thoughts and ... '' ` ` yeah , '' i said .
you may have thought that the whole world thought exactly the same thing , but that was not the case .
` ` i usually say the wrong thing , '' lucas said , ` ` and regret it afterward .
this ' sweetheart ' thing was new .
they continued to size each other up , hansum sure that she was trying to ascertain the same thing as he was : whether they would be on the same side in the upcoming game .
he added , trying to see if that was the right thing to say .
` ` sure thing , master .
then mark what i command of thee and do not alter one thing that is prescribed .
hansum realized that in all of his playing around the past few years , this was one thing he never considered , never uttered .
ugilino saw hansum and guilietta look at each other in a way that could only mean one thing .
like bes , she never spoke about the loss until she met other women who had been through the same thing .
that was amazing was the first thing denise said when she exited the water .
denise , too , had noticed and thought the same thing .
the one thing he was sure of is that it was nt something that should be present in the 17th century !
she knew one thing from the moment she met johnny goth ; there was plenty of physical attraction between them , at least on her side .
that could only mean one thing , others knew .
ok , you heard the talking bird thing that freed us .
if he does , you come to me and i 'll tell him a thing or two . ''
the prayer thing was a jest , luthis , now help me get this thing opened .
it was the best thing that lucius had heard in his life .
one thing you will learn , inspector -- no matter how outlandish the order , we must follow it .
nothing , nothing but a silence as unnatural for his house as well , as the thing she did not want to hold in her head .
that was what my dad said , anyway that last bit , not the scrawny and quiet thing .
i told her the same thing again and again throughout the day .
i ca nt think of a single thing to say that would make sense of any of this .
i m beginning to ask myself the same thing .
too many others believed the same thing to be true .
he thought back to the last thing maeve had said .
tark , man , one thing you may not want to hear , but you need to ; we might not have a lot of control over that anymore .
its the same thing everybody wants to say about me .
alright , but if i hear one fucking thing outta line from in there , were going in guns blazing , neptune said .
they do nt tell this type of thing to everybody in the comic books .
sure thing , honey .
during the luau they had a discussion about money which got a little heated and it was the closest thing they ever got to an argument .
rome 's explanation to rei was as follows : ` ` the nearest thing that we could figure out was that signola absorbed just enough alcohol to deaden his reasoning centers , his connection to the overmind and the only thing remaining was , let us call it his animal self and a naked female was lying next to him and that is what animals do . ''
the only thing you can say is that minimcom evolved .
in the original long - form version of rome 's revolution , rei and rome have this exchange while rome was training rei on how to fly a starship : there is one thing i have wanted to ask you , as well , rome said .
her touching reunion with fridone still tugs at my heart and i wrote the stupid thing .
the first thing he ordered was some soup and it was tasteless and he discovered the vuduri no longer used spoons .
so , if you simply want to say all stories where people use a form of sleep or cryo - stasis to travel to the future , then sleeper , rip van winkle , earth abides and even futurama are all the same thing .
there may be a semi - infinite number of alternate timelines where someone who looks very much like you still exists but the one thing that is guaranteed is that you will not exist .
what a nice thing to say mr .
brothers and sisters , i need to tell you this one last thing .
leaning forward , arms crossed on the table , sophia asked , and what horrible thing did he say ?
they all say pretty much the same thing .
first thing out of your mouth is an insult .
that s the only thing that makes sense .
then i m going to the shippers , and tell them a thing or two .
i did nt tell them a thing .
what is the last thing you remember ?
he d asked her what her favorite thing was from the childrens books after she agreed to say the words and earn herself a death sentence .
it was a reasonable thing to say but graham could see the frustration on her face and hear it in her voice .
without the hat and without having to hide a single thing from any of them , he relished the idea of speaking to people truthfully , face to face .
he was n't sure why but he was having so much trouble thinking of the right thing to say .
water , it was the only thing he could think of to say .
he always thought they were all just different variations on the same thing .
it was the first thing he had said since he had killed tomas , and this kind of startled alice and john , but they were glad to see that peter was talking again .
please do nt kill me , the first thing the man said came out as hardly a whisper .
peter asked , not really believing the thing about not having a gun , but there was nothing in sight .
alright , and you re sure about this resistance thing ?
same thing i guess , look we ca nt just stand around here talking , i got to run , the man said .
the last thing i remember from before i woke up is that he got out of bed really quickly , swearing to himself , and he must have turned me off here .
yeah , that was the last thing he said .
there s such a thing as too much love , though .
if we can jointly say one thing , its that this robot is a threat that s more trouble than its worth .
that s a funny thing to hear from a christian .
you mean , the first thing you thought when you got to the freakin moon was , okay , boring , ill look for another celestial body to live on ?
let me make one thing , if nothing else , exceptionally clear .
he s right about another thing this is nt a game of trust .
the first thing i should tell you is that we did nt meet by accident .
this is the most far - fetched thing i ve ever heard , callum said , as he started to laugh softly to himself .
but ill tell you one thing .
more importantly , i think that s the thing you fear most .
now , as i sit back in my booth , in this strange interstellar diner , staring intently across the table at my overwhelming companion , i can only hope for one thing ; that you are as excited about reading these next few hundred pages of text , as i am about writing them .
it was the traditional thing to say when in the presence of tyrrans highest leader , as the emperors house was looked upon as the sole representative of the strength of the tyrranese people .
what an ironic thing to say now , since i am the last of my kin and am forced to live out my remaining days in this decaying shell of filth .
but he knew that the sign could mean only one thing , and joy filled him .
they were silent for a moment as they were thinking the same thing .
they were quiet for a moment , but william knew that milton was thinking the same thing as he was : they were going to have to retreat .
the president says there s no such thing as too much .
they re the same thing , marty , and yeah , i can do that and a lot of other stuff that may surprise you .
but just tell me one thing .
a few months ago , marty , you asked me the same thing , how i know what leela is doing and where she is doing it .
love , lust , they all seem like the same thing sometimes , i said philosophically , pulling on my winter coat .
i read the whole thing in his mind .
i know one thing for sure : this woman is very dangerous .
same thing , miss appleton .
but those screams were nothing compared to the real thing ; i was sure that everyone in the metropolitan area had heard me .
i chimed in sarcastically after exhaling my cigarette smoke out of the back door , because over one hundred people described the same thing down to minute details ?
the same thing you saw ?
well , at least i know one thing for sure .
because of those things , i would put both him and myself in our respective places .
if you were even half as intelligent as i am , if you had even an iota of observational and inferential abilities , you would say the same thing .
wrong in the content of what she said , or wrong in saying such a potentially hurtful thing at all ?
i just want to be clear about one thing come on .
a small part of me is sorry for saying such a horrible thing .
i know that you believe the same thing i believe .
i found her impression to be amusing , but the fact that a woman had said such a cruel thing to penny made me angry .
just as i had begun to believe that i would nt be telling her a thing , i was letting it all flow out like toxic , volcanic ash .
when i was at the point right before i dropped off to sleep , i sometimes heard them , but that night , just before i shut out their transparent voices , i heard one last thing spoken by my father : before its too late .
somehow , i knew that was the right thing to say .
plus , there was that thing painted on the ceiling with the four arms .
james said something about you being so mature , but that was perhaps the most idealistic , youthful thing i ve ever heard , especially given what you ve witnessed .
that is a very sweet thing to say , though i am sure that you are exaggerating slightly .
i grasped his face even more firmly , that will accomplish nothing , and despite my disbelief that he would say such a thing and despite my anger , he is still my brother .
if there is one thing i can say with absolute certainty and with no shame , it is that i trust you , james .
and i know if i ask you , you ll say the same thing .
i asked one simple thing of you !
if there s one thing i ve learned over these many years , its that reaching the dead - end of the road is a harrowing and very sad thing .
my avoidance of saying such a terrible thing was for both pennys benefit and my own .
well , i 'll give you one thing : at least you 're not deceiving yourself the way the rest of these freaks are .
that is a dangerous thing to say , brynna .
and still , you wish to say such a thing ?
that is just about the most clichd thing to say , and i know that if you can hear me , you 're rolling your eyes and telling me to come up with something more original , we all laughed softly at that .
but i will tell you that there is one thing i know for sure , and you might not believe it : when i sat up , the weight of the pain had lifted .
` ` i told them both the same thing . ''
just have a sip and tell me its not the best thing you have had , he said as he mixed it .
mckcy was probably thinking the same thing .
i opened search the universe and the first thing which came up was a query box .
the same thing could be said about yourself , a little voice in the back of my mind said .
the special panel investigating hessian engineering wanted us to come down and tell them things they already knew , moss remarked sarcastically .
i will serve only the high prod and the emperor and do their bidding until death i will respect and follow the tenets of the truuknan i will take my own life before i submit to heresy and treachery i will never forget my place beneath superiors or my position above inferiors i , soldier of the empire , do swear these things .
pretty thing she was .
a very efficient desk clerk thought exactly the same thing and was quite disturbed that such an obviously important tribal delegation had shown up unannounced and unappointed .
it would be the first thing we would say and a constant refrain throughout any conversation .
saying things like the house next to the post office was acceptable , and the green house next to the railroad would mean something .
do nt you see that is a strange thing to say ?
that is a strange thing to say .
and now , if they said they had been lying about the brother thing , they would lose all credibility .
it usually was not a good thing to hear .
it was the first thing that came to her mind to excuse him from military service .
how did you explain the cousin thing ?
amy looked at him ; surprised he would ask such a thing in such a moment .
it was a silly thing to say while the man had a gun on peters face , but that had been the original plan , and keith was crazy anyway .
i seem to have a knack for saying the wrong thing .
i only think one thing .
i see many things in her emotions , but the one thing that sticks out to me is her excitement .
the only thing i ask is that you let me know if there is any reason you can not attend .
not the best thing to say , that was n't . ''
i do n't think it is , but i could be wrong , and this is the one thing we do n't dare get wrong .
if there was one thing he 'd finally learned , it was that there were people who let government down , and that fact alone meant that there would be mistakes made .
topside has found paper records rather inconvenient , you know , since they have a nasty habit of saying the same thing year after year .
` ` he liked it fine , but could you clunkheads tell me one thing ?
he froze , shocked that he 'd said such a thing to a superior .
` ` tell me the worst thing , renzo , '' anthony said .
it was the weirdest thing that he ever heard .
it was the last thing bates expected to hear .
it was not the right thing to say .
minutes later , his own washington office called to tell him the same thing .
the chief winnebago thing is the name the locals came up with for me when i moved here from the east .
it was certainly the last thing that barns expected to hear .
shortly thereafter , the general was contacted by peter lund , head of the newly established national police , who told him much the same thing .
but there were only a hand - full of us remaining and this base is a big place , so about the only thing we knew for sure was that both melberg and a ufo left .
` ` damnedest thing i ever saw !
he had better be careful to say just the right thing to her ; he did n't want to blow it again .
mel had finally said the thing that he could n't bring himself to say .
` ` baldor showed up here a week ago and pretty much told me the same thing .
an audible gasp was the next thing he heard .
i think that is the most honest thing you have said about anybody in a very long time , cousin .
never the same thing .
one thing more i want to tell you is this .
no one would ever lie about such a thing .
for many years , kiel had hated marshall zadmchov , the man who had been a thorn in the side of all those working on the firien project ... no , he had hated zadmchov far longer ... ` ` i only have one thing to say about all of this , alessia said quietly .
it does nt mean we owe them a thingin fact , we owe them their own autonomy and to leave here without changing a thing .
apparently all of the explorers were thinking the same thing .
please promise me one thing , allia said .
maybe it does nt , he shrugged , but you seem to think that evil or goodness is our natures ; whether or not we live in society , it makes no differenceyou might as well say evil exists in us from the moment were born and that society has nothing to do with itit would amount to the same thing as your argument , he threw out , irritated .
was there such a thing ?
was he this black hearted thing he had been ?
no , kiel admitted , in a manner that suggested he had been contemplating the same thing .
yes , i ve asked myself the same thing many times , she laughed .
that last thing he said scared me most of all .
pick another thing , and try not to embarrass me too much .
did you hear that thing about power to conquer ?
but that could only mean one thing !
the only thing i could think to say was , if abe , the leader , comes out .
let me explain one more thing if i may .
seeing that the whole navi are born thing is a lie , why not a man ?
i wonder how many of them thought the same thing , dryer grumbled , looking at the graveyard of spaceships outside .
her body language suggested she was thinking the same thing i was .
you said that same thing .
i m beginning to trust this thing you ve given me .
that was the difference in our relationship , we instantly knew what the other felt and though we talked it out sometimes , we really did nt have to say a thing .
he wo nt remember a thing .
he could nt think of a thing to say .
it was his last wish , that one thing i knew he needed to tell .
they could nt understand how we would know such a thing .
i know you do nt owe me anything , but i m asking for one thing .
one thing from my past that still lingered in my mind .
the thing that gave me some hope .
but , some of her girlfriends already knew , because their boyfriends were demanding the same thing from them .
griggs could understand why she would nt want people to recognize her , but the one thing could nt understand was why the princesses of the golden ring allowed the reporter anywhere near them , when they had to know who she was .
leeza stared detective griggs in the eyes and said , there is one thing i will tell you .
he would have loved to teach her a thing or two about putting her mouth to the microphone and using her lips .
the only thing left was a small bloody stump with white liquid dripping from what was left of his urethra .
i know a girl over in lawrence county whose papa lied to her , and told her the same thing , your papa told you .
the professor had told the naive girl many lies , but one thing he told her was true .
one more thing came into my head !
- we have nt tell you a very important thing about this woman .
nhwolf : that 's the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard .
jackson was the closest thing to a city for over a hundred miles .
she thought coraline was just one of those people that would find a bad thing to say about the weather on the day they won the lottery .
it was the first thing he said all night .
it was the first thing he said to her all morning .
there were excited whispers , and she knew she said the right thing .
they managed to get the meat to stick together enough to form meatballs , and though they did n't taste exactly right , and the texture was a bit weird , it was the closest thing any of them had to a meatball in months , and mother knew they 'd be a hit .
she always had to tell mother the same thing .
wolf knew it was probably the only truly honest thing he 'd ever heard come out of stealth 's mouth .
` ` same thing until i trust you . ''
` ` starting tomorrow you are to report to me first thing in the morning for some training . ''
one thing i ' m sure of -- -their transmission is being jammed deliberately .
` ` same thing they told you .
same thing , really . ''
was the whole thing in my head ?
how dare you say such a thing , when you are merely human ?
where i was from , such things were unheard of , and when they were heard very rarely , the people speaking with such prejudice were promptly put in their places .
maura 's voice , though i knew she would never have said such a thing about my father were she still alive .
do you know how many husbands , boyfriends , brothers , fathers , and uncles said the same thing ?
i was so confused by my inability to say such a simple thing .
he trailed off , and then added in a tone that conveyed how the thought of this pained him , he had always been my closest friend ... my eyes widened slightly ; i was shocked to hear such a thing .
i think no such thing .
my mother said the same thing so many times .
there is one more thing that i want to say .
i only heard one thing that james said : i ' m sorry .
that 's the thing that i need you to take from this : i love you so much , and during this year , you ' ve driven me absolutely nuts , like ... wanting - to - pull - my - hair - out - nuts .
that is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard .
he thought that we could n't hear him , but nick and i were smirking at each other , as though we both would n't say the exact same thing to violet or alice if they were irritated at us .
he had killed maura , and if there was one thing i had learned , brynna 's spite was not easily softened .
and the other thing is completely ludicrous .
obviously , my sister and i had different tastes in men , but i could say one thing : just because she liked them old does n't mean that she did n't like them attractive ... adam and james were attractive in two very different ways , but still , i could see why she was so enamored with both of them , though her entrancement with the former was new and unwelcome , i knew .
the only thing i can say for him was that he was good with my mom .
far off in some other place that i believed i had never even visited , i heard violet telling me that it was n't my fault , and i realized that i was saying the opposite aloud , over and over again , and in my tone , i could hear such regret and guilt that it could not have been me saying them ; surely no living creature could feel those things to such a degree of intensity .
he exclaimed , so shocked that she would say such a terrible thing that his eyes widened to their farthest reaches for a moment .
it is a nice thing that is said to someone .
the second thing is a reminder to you to please keep in mind that i am rarely motivated in my actions to please or displease you .
she said , betraying her great shock that i would think such a thing .
adam , that is a terrible thing to say !
how he lets you think such things he murmured somewhat angrily , his green eyes burning into mine .
that s not exactly the same thing , savannah .
that s the weirdest thing you ve said in a while , actually .
believe it or not , i say the very same thing when people ask me how i feel about you .
i remember it first time i saw you so debonair she laughed softly , and then cringed in pain but continued speaking , so handsome had such a crush on you so that thing that your parents tell you when you re young about the people who are being mean to you actually having a thing for you is true ?
i can not believe that you would keep such a thing from me .
she snapped breathlessly , shocked and horrified that i would say such a thing .
i said the same thing to her !
adam has no choice in the matter : if he objects , he will be killed , and if there is one thing i can say about him besides the fact that he is far more ruthless and sadistic than i ever have been or could be is that he will do anything to live another day .
he asked , and his eyes were agleam with both hope and fear : hope that i might tell him we would escape , find violet and the rest of our people , create a miraculous plan to counterstrike the old spirits , and win the war , freeing the rest of our people in the process and finally winning our place on pangaea , and fear that none of those things would be true , could ever possibly be true .
i know only one thing that will come to pass , and it is better that i know the depth of it alone .
it is selfish to say such a thing , but it is how i feel , even today .
same thing happened when we were in the jail cells and i felt something come over me .
my dad says the same thing .
those powers , i see you are the legendary holder and i thought you were just a myth , but then again i though the same thing about the sunstone says broad .
this is what they are after , says tina and the two thought the same thing looking at one another now .
yeah , last time we met i was saying the same thing long story .
if that was the rationale for the age thing .
she could hear a thousand voices in her head , all telling her the same thing .
but the only thing she could come up with was him telling her to figure it out herself .
` ` i could ask you the same thing , '' she said , curiously .
she laughed , as it if was the most ridiculous thing she had ever heard of .
they were chanting the same thing : she had been born evil , damaged .
` ` it 's the same thing that happened with sostas . ''
just answer me one thing .
he s not going to ask me just one thing .
why ever would i be grateful for such a thing ?
its the most beautiful thing you ll ever hear or feel .
funny , i was going to ask you the same thing .
the last thing in the world i d ever tell him was that his spying machine was actually a time machine .
i m no such thing .
the only thing that came to me was that the last changes the machine made remained .
then he said the worst thing i heard all day .
the new day to a new year meant one thing : another three hundred and fifty days of stress , and struggle , and strain .
i knew one thing i had no intention of killing it .
the only thing i was sure of was this : dylain had manipulated everything , and was using all the tricks of the trade to stir the crowd into a wild ruckus .
the look of sheer horror graven into his face at the sight of xakanic told me one thing : he had not met the zikalic leader in person , or perhaps the clandestine conference had been conducted in pitch darkness .
scotty , there is still one thing mum and i want to tell you , i say .
no point in calling the manager on this one , he would probably say the same thing , but a small additional piece of training for this incapable sod was called for , a piece of ' training by fear ' in fact .
and maybe she was thinking the same thing because she let go again before we went inside .
and if you do n't mind my saying so , jeremy , that is a good and calming thing for me to hear . ''
and it was a good and calming thing for me to hear .
` ` same thing , peter , '' he replied .
about the only thing they were agreed on was that there was no way they could take this alien thing seriously unless they were able to actually meet a few aliens ; a human being called jeremy parker did not count .
my mother always said that kind of thing , too .
i silently took back the traitor thing .
what s the third thing ?
it was the only thing that came to mind as i stood at the door leading into the chamber .
the next thing i said would most likely increase her blood pressure just a little bit more .
the one thing made sense , the other did not .
they huffed and puffed and called frederick and he told them the same thing or they would be replaced .
alexis got back the next day , and the first thing he asked me was if i was in love because he 'd never seen me looking so weird .
sometimes i say the same thing about you .
i knew that you had the potential to go off like a damn h - bomb , but the first thing that came to my mind was , he s nothing like his father .
and i certainly agree with your preemptive objectionthat it is not possible to directly accelerate up to or beyond c. but before proceeding to address this problem i should first call attention to the fact that the engineers who designed the time machine did so with technology and scientific wizardry that was limited only by that which was physically possible ( our technology was actually equal with our theory at this pointnot an unreasonable thing to believe given that , by this time , it had been over eighty trillion years since the invention of the wheel ) , and that the machine was powerful enough to propel me to one indivisible unit of speed shy of the speed of lighthaving no wave properties i was , quite uniquely , not subject to the uncertainty principle , and so the nave description above requires no refinement because we were fairly sure from empirical observations that a physical infinity could not exist in this universe .
but the only thing that came out was : ` ` bye . ''
walt did n't know that was a thing they said .
he looked at her again , acting like he had just thought of the funniest thing in the world .
but what qualified her most as a crazy person were the things coming out of her mouth , after she 'd taken them to a darker corner , behind a large tree and some bushes .
` ` that thing about old men coming to kill you ... '' she said .
about the high leather boots , the only thing that could be said was that they were n't more ridiculous than the rest of the ensemble .
` ` that was the last relevant thing i said . ''
the only thing she said before they reached the cafe was , ` ` look , '' while pointing toward the rivulet where a pair of otters , dressed in serious business suits , bobbed in the water , splashing each other like pups .
one thing she 'd known since the end of her kittenhood was that a dog could not make her pregnant .
but promise me one thing .
unfortunately , terosan has no intention of sharing this technological wonder and , well , we want it she had a feeling he was smirking but the next thing he was going to say was inevitable .
still , that did not stop me from creating problems for myself by saying the wrong thing at the wrong time .
she would tell me the same thing in a new and not so interesting way every time i started to get real work done .
` ` great , i 'll bet the next thing you 're going to tell me is that he was a physic monkey . ''
pauline was hesitant in her answer , which made me worried that i had somehow written the wrong thing .
back when i used to talk , i would say the wrong thing to the wrong person at the wrong time .
i was too worried that i had not written the right thing , that she would not interpret my meaning .
looks like you and i agree on one thing , at least .
` ` is no such thing .
the real thing can wound you terribly regardless of your mental state , but only if you have the ear to hear it in the first place .
even the two representatives of the university system , guardians of the traditional meters , would never have said such a thing out loud .
` ` the mindwebs could read a poem and analyze it , but it did n't mean the same thing to them that it did to the author , or indeed to any other reader in the empire .
their favorite quote from doesdion was this : poetry is found in the thing unsaid . '
the aesthetic theories of the school of heaven were based on doesdion , specifically on the thing unsaid and the thing said perfectly .
the aesthetic theories of the school of heaven were based on doesdion , specifically on the thing unsaid and the thing said perfectly .
and if i tell of darkness with the light , my captain , please remember , truth is one and undivided and i can not sing a portion of the truth ; there 's no such thing .
it was their dads final words that last day that were etched in jacks memory more than any other thing he could recall from all of his sixteen years .
` ` well that 's an odd thing to say . ''
aif , or aiff all mean the same thing .
and he heard morchads laugh , and ejarshh said one thing : i hear his dragons laugh too before arek heard it .
thought thetra , never daring to say such a thing .
shit that was a pretty selfish thing to say .
cutty looked up at fool as he realized the same thing and sighed heavily .
meh , same thing he d say , dext , its normal .
it was pretty much the dumbest thing she could say , and it offered absolutely nothing by way of a solution , but at least she said something .
entry 96 so , the first thing the stranger said to us is , everyone out !
one thing led to another , and she spilled it .
one more thing we turned around , looking like a fake - ass delta force , to face her and alyse as lillys little voice told us all , love you !
kylee made a motion to dismiss them , but hook appeared from the rear of the trailer just in time to say , one more thing .
i asked the first thing that came to mind .
i thought i was gon na fall asleep by the time you finished the damn thing .
i mustered up the only thing i could think of .
i tossed it to him and said the only thing i could think to say shouldah niggas .
same thing boyd said .
we asked him about his story , and he told us the same thing he told you .
don grumbled at the thought as he realized the same thing i did .
seth started by saying , i heard the whole thing .
the last thing he said to me before he drew his last breath was that he was going to try not to turn .
the nervous chatter ended as everyone else in the hall realized the same thing .
that s the stupidest thing i ever heard .
i had been thinking the same thing , but it just seemed so far out there .
at least the last thing he d known clearly .
no , no , that s the complete worst thing to say in this situation , is nt it ?
between the lines he was saying the same thing as always : shakespearean tragedy or british tea room drama is nt in the cards for you .
do you realize how many thousands of kids across this country could say the same thing ?
her last words as dorina took the first few steps to her car were somewhat unsettling : one thing i ve learned from the dalai lama is that not getting what you want can be an incredible stroke of good luck .
its the only thing that makes sense right now .
and besides , this star system is not the elders radar , they wo nt know a thing until it is too late .
if i can hear the voices now , it only means one thing ; i am so close to the ground now .
the next thing he d remembered was waking up in the service station confused .
` ` there is no such thing if the knowledge accrued from such time is learned and applied . ''
` ` yeah , that did cross my mind , but i ' m still having trouble absorbing this whole ' no conflict ' society thing .
if this whole ' stopping corruption ' thing does n't work then i ' m going to have to hide whether i want to or not .
when shane woke up , the only thing he could remember was the three digits that unlocked his phone .
he then wrote in neat letters , i saw the whole thing , folded it back up , and slipped it into the envelope .
one thing !
next thing you are going to say is that you need a diversion , too .
if you had done the math on this one , you would have discovered the same thing : that you would be destroying a perfectly good door and everything around it .
avon knew only one thing about iramy 's mother , her birth date .
` ` if i would n't get court - martialed , i tell you a thing or two about how i feel about it . ''
she was sure jeremy thought the same thing .
he backed off a little after shouting every profane thing he could think of to the shadow standing on the other side of the door .
wallachia may not be the most dangerous place on quoit but the one thing all of them will learn is that they are not too many safe places .
reciting the same thing , perhaps a prayer .
cambria was torn between both men , knowing only one thing .
rods mouth opened and closed , but he could nt think of a thing to say .
and hearing them repeating the same thing over and over is nt helping me manage my anxieties .
you have nt had one nice thing to say about him since we ve been down here and what do you know about it , huh ?
lilly must have been thinking the same thing , because she whimpered , i do nt like this .
i wanted to reassure her , but i could nt think of thing to say that was anywhere near the truth .
it was the first thing he d said since we left the church .
the gray clouds were probably spitting all kinds of nasty chemicals at us , but i hoped that at least one thing i said to lilly had nt been a lie .
the last thing i said to her was whatever .
i do nt know , sandy , dad sounded like he thought the whole thing was funny .
that may be the first thing we ve ever agreed on .
and the whole strength in numbers ' thing makes a lot of sense to me , i m not going to lie .
maybe the others were thinking the same thing , because for a long while no one said anything .
rod must have been thinking the same thing .
that was the last thing i remember thinking before the silence and the flickering fire and my own aching muscles over took me .
but i know one thing : nate may have been a kid , but he was nt a quitter .
i tried to think of anything my dad had said that would support her point , but the only thing i could remember was something he d said one cold november morning when i was about thirteen and we were sitting in a deer stand a little before dawn , waiting for something to happen that never did .
that was another thing that master miller was very clear on ever since we first started training .
i said , addressing the whole crowd who was no doubt wondering the same thing as him .
sir , thing ones voice crackles in his earpiece .
been playing with the whole rejecting authority thing butnah .
` ` there is no such thing , '' sarah responded .
one thing to be said in defense of the immortals is that they had stopped trying to aggravate the leader and only asked questions because they really wanted to know , not to amuse themselves .
` ` what if you said the same thing upon coming here , i might n't even have been born ! ''
she supposed no such thing .
it was bob marley , no two ways about it , but kev still asked the only thing it occurred to him to ask upon finding a strange man standing on his beige carpet .
that s a very strange thing for a scientist to say , i said .
21 a thoughtful woman i know said the single most insightful thing i have ever heard about the influence the dragons have had on human society .
of course , you have thought of everything , but when you are calculating all the forces of the universe there is one thing you must accept , and that is there are some things that are not known to us , there are some things we just ca nt know .
one thing had changed .
would be the last thing i ever said , '' grond responded .
if he says a single thing about a contract , tell him i m bringing grond with me . ''
you said you needed to ask me two things , what s the second thing ?
its funny you say that , i thought being with you would do the same thing and yet here we are .
and another thing , vanessa added .
i understand you are upset , believe me , i went through the same thing .
then senior ben said the one thing that could save his life .
i said the first thing that came to mind .
that was the only thing i could think of .
` ` sure thing marybear ! ''
i heard every little thing except my own fervent and perhaps foolhardy praying .
after over two hours of walking i 'd forgotten an important thing about what sworda told me because of pondering the fact that a race of aliens had crossed space to get to earth .
with all my thoughts whirling , trying to organize themselves into a real plan of action , i fell asleep and i dreamed of many things ; of dust and ash , of storm waves of sand , the faces of my wife and children .
one more thing i had to throw on the giant pile of i - don't - know - what - the - hell - is - going - on - but - i - need - to - find - out - later , ` ` .
and another thing .
i only knew one thing about her , and even though it seemed a brash topic , it was better than discussing the situation we were currently in .
this is the unspoken thing that has destroyed all the previous relationships ; the monster behind all the arguments and dissatisfactions .
there s a reason we ai nt called you humans you re the furthest thing from it .
the last thing i heard him mutter was , never should have taught him i had no idea what the true term meant especially coming from a man who owned a gun shop .
hours had passed since i d said the same thing ; yet , coming from her , i felt that she meant them in a far greater capacity than i could have realized .
she thinks you re here on vacation , and she trusts you because you lied to her the last thing shed ever expect is that you re one of those people who runs .
we all thought the same thing , looking at the empty spot .
it was a terrible thing to say , but i doubted small talk would have gotten her to wake up .
the first thing daniel said to me was something so plain , so unimportant , that i could never hope to remember it .
that was the last thing he said before the roof caved in on both of us .
a long time ago , there was no such thing .
worried about saying the wrong thing , lani simply gave a brief nod .
maz glanced at him , his expression saying he was thinking the same thing .
riley was aware this was a very personal thing to ask , but she was curious that all these gemengs who were not related lived together .
and the thing he did nt say , she knew , was that he did nt want to do anything else .
that s that s a very odd thing to say .
riley- would nt you have said the same thing about the gemengs ?
was the first thing aerlid said .
now that , she said , the corners of her mouth curling up , is a very human thing to say .
hah , i do nt think there s any such thing !
in blues experience , when things got strange , the next thing they did was turn to shit .
it was the first thing the driver said that made blue think he had any personality at all .
oh , and heres one other very important thing to remember .
could it be right , the thing this person was saying ?
his mouth was moving and i believed he was saying the same thing , but i was nt sure .
now we are all in trouble , and after snowstorm , i do nt believe a thing that he or she says .
that is the last thing i ever said to him .
i was about to say one more thing , but then the elevator doors opened .
i was thinking the same thing , nais said as it looked all around our surroundings .
with gold stripes zooming down the sides , curved arches that came off the base pointing forward , and a cockpit fit for one person , i could tell one thing .
there is one last thing i must tell you two .
about the only thing you can be sure of .
if the wrong thing was said to the wrong person , caleb could be turned in , taken to the guardians barracks , or reassigned .
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' caleb said .
caleb had been wondering the same thing during the long walk out to this spot .
this pocket dimension orients us so up and down still mean the same thing when were in the air .
i turn to look at calgonnel with a grin , and i can see were thinking the same thing .
that s the sexiest thing i think i ve ever heard you say , pincushion .
one thing ya said is botherin me .
kesn wrote us a small thing to say when we got here , so things are legal and there can be no question as to our intentions .
do you know what the scariest thing is ?
why joel , i think that s the nicest thing you ve ever said to me .
she glanced at gray , noting by his uncomfortable expression that he was thinking the same thing that she was .
` ` wanton , you always know the right thing to say . ''
it was the most sensible thing anyone had heard yakkety say .
was the first thing arthur said upon seeing kenjis room , pointing out the item in question .
marcella answered with the only thing she could offerthe truth .
she did n't know the first thing about piloting .
he 'd thought the same thing , but he 'd not given voice to the theory .
lucian had said the very same thing to her shortly after karaine 's kidnapping , but in a much different context .
it had seemed such a curious thing to say at the time .
nisha and priya scrolled through hundreds of tweets all saying the same thing .
soon after , others think the same thing too and the delusion spreads like a meme on the internet . ''
she watched for the replies and sure enough , many people experienced the same thing .
they all said the same thing .
` ` there 's no such thing ! ''
the first thing i want to say is we need to throw away all preconceived notions regarding how to deal with those who are different from us .
i recorded the whole thing , '' nisha whispered .
` ` how can you think such a thing ? ''
he said the same thing that everyone would say if we told them about us .
` ` even if that 's true it does n't prove a thing .
he stood stiff as i made myself continue with more small talk , blurting out the only thing i could think of .
` ` i ca n't tell a thing .
just let that stupid monster pick it up and i 'll teach it a thing or two . ''
why do you think you can believe a thing they say ? ''
` ` i 'll send the whole thing to you .
what we say and what we do are not always the same thing . ''
i was wondering the same thing , i reply .
he is nt looking at me however , and the next thing out of his mouth reminds me that he has more on his mind than my plans to try to save the space shuttle .
that s a big thing to ask , benjamin .
can we come back to this thing about your friend writing a paper about me in school ?
his dissertation on the nature of temporal gravity is pretty much the first thing you read when you get into the academy .
the universe wo nt collapse if you fail to say exactly the right thing at the right time .
its the only thing that makes any sense , i say .
the last thing i said to him .
does that one say the same thing ?
ill tell you one thing , benji says .
if there s one thing i ve learned , its that wondering what if can be the worst of it .
it seems like there were a whole lot of things that we probably should have known , that we somehow did nt get told , especially the universe being fractal thing .
but i stood there wide eyed , caught in the moment not saying a thing .
this time shy was precise with what she wanted , i had to make sure i got every single thing she wrote , down , if only she told me what size and type of tampons she wanted , as i stared at one of the pink boxes it was complete gibberish to me .
i did not want to take my chance going into any building as i remembered what smith said about the reapers , one thing their primitive brains did tell them was to take refuge from the elements indoors and in this cold it was likely i d stumble upon quite a few .so i opted for the unhygienic yet safer option .
but this is not the case , he is you and you are him , there is no demon or embedded entity within you , no mr goodridge what s happening to you is evolution , and sure it will take time to come to terms with what is happening but one thing i can promise you is he is you , you just need to control the overwhelming feeling of your transformed state and not let your mind slip down the schizophrenic path which makes you believe your transformed state has its own personality and agendas .
i reminisced about what the professor had explained to me , he may have been limited in his full understanding of the depth about our new changes , but one thing he had made me understand is he too had gone through what i was going , and now was in total control and at peace with his new self .
its funny because that s the last thing i wrote , and two days later its like an answer to prayer .
the first thing in my head was , the wolves got me !
funny , mike replied , i was thinking the same thing .
kate said the same thing .
those bricks look untouched , he said it softly like such a thing could not possibly be true .
did you guys think the same thing ?
there is nothing she does nt know about me , and i m pretty sure i can say the same thing about her .
of course : the external particulars imply such a thing .
when she turned back to the two men , she noticed that mike had been looking towards the building and probably realized the same thing she had .
it 's the only thing that seems to fit , to me anyway , and the only common denominator seems to be the non - belief , or the no belief , part of the whole thing .
the other thing that jasper said bothers me too . ''
that had been the last thing the older man had said before ira had walked away .
this thing about frank is true , and what i said about knowing things about you is true also .
got into a lot of boring shit , and used a lot of fancy words , but the gist of the whole thing was that he felt the thing was getting ready to go at any time .
it still boils down to the same thing .
hubert does n't take kindly to that sort of thing i hear .
it was the same thing she 'd heard when two travellers had walked under her the other day that there had been a swift trial and the criminal and his dog had been hanged in fenshirk .
perhaps i can show you a thing or two about how sinosi live , yes ?
i said no such thing .
i m not sure if i believe in their words , or their destinies , but if i believe in just one thing it is life .
i am sure she s no such thing .
the one thing i never allowed myself to do was run .
chances are ill say the first thing that comes into my head and it ll be really dumb .
i m tiptoeing around them , policing my words so i do nt say the wrong thing .
its my fault marrin died , my fault tias muteif this is what i m meant to do in recompense for that , its a small thing to ask .
that s the first thing you ask ?
if today has taught me one thing , it is that there is absolutely no hope .
i m allowing myself to be impulsive for this one thing .
i do nt know why that s the first thing i could think to say .
this is the last thing i ve kept from you .
that s the one and only thing ill promise anyone , ever .
he realized that he had said the wrong thing .
she was only hearing one thing , and it was the voice that spoke through her commanding her to hunt jeremy .
you have my word and all of us promise to never say anything , jeremy wheeled around until everyone in the group had audibly said the same thing .
if the same name in two different worlds mean roughly the same thing , then we have to act like it is for real and work accordingly .
i have hope for mankind , that they will do what is right , but such a thing must be learned through the ages , the great one warned .
he was glad to see teagues out here , but his presence was the last thing he had been expecting .
when i found him a lot went through my mind , the closest thing to an emotional breakdown i had up until that point .
i was interested but wanted to hear the whole thing .
what a squawker , she said laughing like it was the funniest thing she had ever heard .
besides , they have heard me say that same thing a hundred times .
i ve stated such to my advisers a hundred times over , but they keep going back to the same thing .
harden salton had one final thing to say before his departure for an important meeting .
no , maybe one thing scarier .
the only thing that was clear , was that damoclus hoped for a peaceful solution , and yet he no more wanted to surrender seatus to the esstons than any other commander or seaton .
it had seemed like the kind of thing janessa might agree with , for a moment .
unless they can accept those first two points i mentioned a moment ago , they wo nt be much use now what i m going to say could nt possibly convince them , and its for council i ve gathered you , not to make you believe some particular thing ... magen sat down again , supping a mouthful of coffee .
surely that could only mean one thing ... magen , saarha tapped his shoulder , causing him to start from his reverie .
this sounded almost like he was saying the same thing .
magen thought now of the last thing the high marshal had said to him after the skirmish .
yes but ... oh do nt worry about me , i m not as fragile as i look , and i even know a thing or two ... the high marshal assured .
he looked slightly offended , i do nt expect you to believe any such thing !
that 's a horrible thing to say annabel says lucy , her patience has always been thinnest , whereas raj has always absorbed the oddities of my behaviour with a smile and a shrug ; but , sometimes i needle her , i know this .
still , suella ached to know at least one thing : how often do you get together , like this .
now , tomorrow , you re going to tell them you do nt know a goddammed thing .
we aim to please , he said , smiling , as though the whole thing had been scripted in a big budget hollywood movie .
before he would go off to yet another interview , he would always tell suella the same thing : we did nt even win the series .
i think if you asked her , shed probably tell you the same thing .
yes , he told us the same thing .
her younger brother had gone through the same thing as a late teen .
suella breathed a sigh of relief , first that natalie was pronounced healthy ( would they say the same thing if they d seen her the morning before ) and second that the upcoming visits would take place in west l.a . that was a lot easier to get to than the low desert .
mom , i just want to know one thing , she said .
suella was waiting for her to tell her what the one thing was , but she sat there silently , with a look of anticipation in her eyes .
darling , every single boy out there today could say the same thing .
i shrug and say , i could ask you the same thing .
she adds one more thing before leading me out .
soon i m carrying another reeflin along with the same can of water and for a second , i feel like i m repeating the same thing as yesterday .
it ll be an interesting thing to tell him .
if rob had asked him the same thing he s asking me , i m sure he d remember it , right ?
i guess there is no such thing as an open field .
i m reminded of the time when welds asked me the same thing .
i m telling her the same thing .
he pauses as if deciding if he should say the next thing .
i could say the same thing to her .
can you tell us the things you knew about this place ? - the androids processor ran quickly .
how his mind had arrived at this one thing , he could nt say .
it seemed contagious as l'armin had picked up on the same thing , despite the joke having evaded nates best attempt to recall it .
one more thing cameron .
and if i know one thing for sure its that he does nt stand failure .
the only thing he was sure of was that she had nt pulled the trigger .
one thing he could be certain of was that he trusted l'armin and was just thankful an explanation existed at alleven if he did n't entirely understand it .
he became angry with himself for ever thinking such a thing .
that does mean one thing , though .
from the beginning they had agreed upon one thing that was never to be changed .
the first thing that entered his mind was that he 'd somehow stumbled into cameron .
it was the first thing that came to mind , and yet the last thing he thought he would say .
it was the first thing that came to mind , and yet the last thing he thought he would say .
i did learn one thing , tethys said .
` ` i bet padme thought the same thing . ''
though people profess to believe one thing , they often act in another way entirely .
he felt his blush deepen at having formulated the thing out loud to himself and to this nameless girl .
and i told her the first thing that came to my mind .
the first thing he bought me was a large suitcase , and as we looked at clothes , he explained all the new inventions of the twentieth century - cars , radios , dirigibles , and the like .
he stopped for a second , and i suddenly realised what a rude thing i had said .
what a horrible thing to say .
castor says she 's okay and there 's nothing wrong with her , that 's the main thing .
before we start our fight , would you care to inform me one thing , master , a juvenile anthony kindly asked a grown - up and vigorous looking roderick .
love him or hate him , but there is one sure thing that i do know about mantis : he does n't suffer any fools or bullshit .
ok acorn , first thing in the morning .
let 's get one thing straight , master ravene .
the last thing shed said to him .
but one thing kept coming up , a name , over and over again .
in the twelve months of operation castle , every operator knew only one thing .
another thing i did nt understand .
my father , one eye on me sitting in a far armchair to which i have been banished , pretending to read , straining my ears , is whispering the thing to my mother .
that was the last thing to have said in such circumstances .
i thought it was a lovely thing to say about me , real laudative understatement .
i feel almost tempted to say impossible things about josie , the sort of thing harvey used to pay to hear .
i feel almost tempted to say impossible things about josie , the sort of thing harvey used to pay to hear .
the thing that had stuck with her , stuck in her throat , i felt , was nt so much my criticism of the majority of the poems as it was the original invention .
oh my god , was the first thing she said when she stepped inside .
towards the end it all ebbs back from the primitive area of intervention into the museum of the brain and the best you can hope for is a woman saying things like that .
i must have recited the bmt thing twenty times .
you look awful , was the first thing she said from the threshold when she got back hours later and stared at me lying on the cot in the newly painted room .
all of the other sheets said the same thing except one that said : where the hell is jerry ?
its a thing she should nt have said .
but why does he have a feeling of relief on hearing her say that definitive thing ?
the last thing she says is that she ca nt talk at three in the morning .
meledrin asked something as well , probably the same thing .
` ` well , we wo n't get close enough to anyone to say a damn thing .
the look on kim 's face suggested that she was thinking the same thing .
tuki had been told no such thing .
kim seemed to suddenly think the same thing , for she went over and encouraged tuki to play and experiment .
` ` one thing i do n't understand , '' keeble said from across the other side of the room .
the same thing can be said about every other life form on the planet , dr . stone responded .
going back would only invade her privacy , and expose the very thing she obviously did not want to share at that moment .
i 'll tell you one thing , hughes said as the mayor and claire walked away .
that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard , eli remarked .
i throw women your way , but you do n't know the first thing about knocking the boots .
i can promise you one thing .
honestly , the only thing i ' m sure of is that he 's popular enough .
when is the last time jacento voted on such a thing ?
my first thought is a non - verbal oh - shit - im - dead kind of thing .
the one thing i can say is that i did find lectric in the ruins of my grandfathers store .
when i try to think of something else , cabal is the only thing that comes to mind .
after i mention my conclusion to echo , trudging along the road near sundown , she looks at me like i just told her the most obvious thing in the world .
the only thing i m fairly certain of is that hell come north along big road , and if he does have a horse he s going to catch us in a big damn hurry .
she s staring at me , fearful and astonished , when i say the first thing that comes to mind .
i ve had a lot of practice avoiding things these past few years , so i m fine with the whole silence thing .
that blue liquid means could mean only one thing .
in response , he insisted there was no such thing .
had becca said the right thing ?
done - for is the only thing that pops in her head , surfacing through the sea of fear and the waves of helplessness .
maybe she s just overthinking the whole chosen thing .
one thing was certain about neuralists ; they knew more about you than you did about them .
confronted with someone elses questions , and thus compelled to relate things out loud , the whole thing suddenly seemed absurd .
last night as everything was happening around me the only thing that i knew was the truth was that i loved you and that i would never give up on you .
i did n't want to stand in front of the world and have nothing to say , or even worse , to say the wrong thing .
i was just thinking the same thing about yours .
promise me one thing , maisie said .
antone liked to believe , as he was about to ask them to put their lives on the line once again , that each had come to conclude the same thing he had about stalling .
i can say one thing for certain , if you should ever decide to ' get out there ' , the rest of us will be reduced to your seconds . ''
yes , i was think the same thing the ship agreed , i have already created a space for them in one of the storage areas .
you know one thing i have learned from you humans is that love is a funny thing , david loves you but not in the same way that you love him .
this is the craziest thing i ve ever heard , doctor , critias told him honestly .
i m not going to tell you a damn thing !
the first thing it told him made his blood run colder ; all of carmens hard - wired directives were off - line for a software error and after that , it reported she operated at optimal performance aside from her electrocells being low on charge .
he hesitated to answer because he was unsure if penny asked if they were in a committed relationship and he was unsure how carmen would react since saying the wrong thing risked an unpleasant reaction from her if she did nt agree .
what a tragic thing for any android to say , kevin sighed .
his mind had been taken over by an overwhelming , instinctual sensation , and he knew only one thing at that very moment , which he said out loud .
i ... do not know what that means for us , that we are thinking the same thing .
thinking the same thing , the same way , with repetition .
well , that was a bold thing to say for a civilian , responded dastou , raising an eyebrow to let her know he was joking .
she asked , referring back to the last thing the saint said .
just alright , may as well just say the damn thing .
i could tell one thing : he was incapable of being dishonest for the sake of it .
its the same thing he already said .
it just felt like the right thing to say .
if he knew one thing , he knew he was not going to bring andromeda .
the quick eye contact was enough to tell erik that what lysander was about to say was the same thing mark had already told him .
he was smart enough to know lysander was just being generous with his compliments , but it was still a nice thing to hear .
if he knew one thing ; he knew he was not insane .
i have to thank lysander for one thing , erik thought as he looked down at short sword .
she cackled as if that was the most ridiculous thing she had ever heard .
` ` not exactly the same thing . ''
he squeals as palmer pulls the tape off his belly , poor thing .
the next thing i say sounds even sillier coming out of my mouth than it does in my head : ` ` i ca n't just ... leave the ... planet without telling my husband where i ' m going . ''
if there was one thing to say about schliemann , it was that he had n't changed much in the fifteen or so years since palmer had last seen him .
schliemann looks stunned , like he has n't a clue about a thing i ' ve said .
the last thing he said before passing out was , kill me .
as i look around the room , it 's clear that my classmates are thinking the same thing .
when jada wakes up in a hospital , the last thing she thinks is that her life has completely changed forever .
i hate to keep saying the same thing over and over angela , but i wish you would act more like a young girl instead of some foul - mouthed pioneer or something . ''
when ayanna got home , phil told her the same thing .
` ` i will tell you one last thing .
that was the first thing i found out when i awoke from death .
that s an awfully rude thing to say , for a tool who s gotten himself into a bind like you have , said the other guy .
hang on , i told them , knowing how redundant a thing it was to say .
is nt that the same thing ?
they re the same thing .
the one thing she knew would have hurt him most of all .
then he died , and the last thing he told her was that everything would be ok if she just trusted god .
the way those boys screamed was the most awful thing i ' ve ever heard and it was n't the pain in it that went through you .
same thing was true for the kidneys .
the last thing i heard him scream before the tunnel collapsed was rhol .
the only thing he could think of saying was , i m deke , deke brolin .
how could they possibly know such a thing !
whether she has betrayed us or will betray us is the same thing , deo said .
i know one thing , solharn .
she was repeating the same thing over and over again trying to bring him back .
it was the first thing he 'd said that came naturally .
` ` remember this thing ? ''
more likely , the succession of odd facial expressions and accidental threats with the baton threw them off guard enough to say the wrong thing .
` ` that 's a stupid thing to say , now you 're just being antagonistic . ''
` ` just promise me one thing julian . ''
now , i m not sure why you re in the area but i do know one thing .
comes down to the same thing .
but if years of training alongside some of the hardest men in the world had taught nathaniel hogan one thing , it was never say die .
because of my experiences with computers , or rather with people calling me for help because something is not working or the computer is locked up , the first thing i always tell them is to reboot .
i wonder if the other base , at escobar , figured out the same thing .
the last thing i have to say is that women do not think like men and if you learn to understand the world from their perspective , it helps you go get along .
i do not remember ever noting such a thing , rome said .
but even before that , as rome and rei walked down the cargo ramp , the first thing that trabunel asked them was ( and pardon the vuduri ) : nei he nanhume croence equo .
why would rome say such an odd thing right at that point in time ?
the same thing is true in the ` ` real '' life of the characters within rome 's revolution .
there is only one thing you must know .
mark said the same thing every week .
could we imagine such a thing ?
` ` right now it 's the only thing that makes sense .
it was nt the easiest thing to hear .
probably the only thing lionel could say that would make her stop .
jeff was intrigued by her connection to the sign they d discovered when they came back from 1849 , the one thing shed said they did nt already know .
and while he did nt know much about women , if there was one thing he did know it was that , when they said they did nt want to see you , they meant it .
jeff had said pretty much the same thing , but she was not going to admit to him that they were in agreement .
which made a big assumption that he wanted her in his life , while also insinuating that this was a hard thing for her to say .
she was stirring her soup , clearly thinking about the next thing she would say , which tipped him off that it was going to be deep .
though there was plenty he wanted to say , most of which was related to pleading with her not to go , he knew that there was really only one thing he could say that could get her to stay .
if there s one thing i ve learned its that i am unable to stop you from doing anything , he said .
out of nowhere , the horrified guy behind the vision camera is rushing in , panting ( amazing how in all the galaxies , the same thing stays true : the guys in charge of preventing stuff always show up when the stuff they are supposed to prevent already happened ) ` ` see what you did ?
the hologram fat bunny turns around to hologram bob who said the same thing as the real bob .
crime scene , not the kind of thing you want to say about your own back yardor side yard , for that matter .
squire hibbard was thinking much the same thing but said , no .
okay , in hindsight , it was nt the most appropriate thing to say in a mausoleum , but i had nt felt a rush of adrenalin like that since my last mission , the one that gave me the purple heart and sent my buddies to arlington .
i remember reading frederick douglasss autobiography , and he said the same thing about slaves .
they all said the same thing ; only this letter said that they had suspended her license to drive .
` ` you have a big imagination , '' julia replied even as she was thinking the very same thing he had said .
she said , ` ` they told me the same thing when i went to them for help .
she was sure they were all thinking the same thing .
have you experienced the same thing ?
the same thing you are .
evander met derigors eyes across the table , and knew both of them were thinking the same thing : that finding and capturing a bunch of harmless stray mystics in the inner spectrum had been the biggest concern for them until something far deadlier swooped in to take its place .
we were all wondering the very same thing , sir .
for the people now understood that nothing was certain anymore : if the mystics had lied about one thing , they could have lied about more : they could have lied about ten bombs , when in reality , there were a hundred feeling strangely nauseatic , wargo trotted over and sunk to a chair placed in the middle of the large balcony .
but it was the single most terrifying thing he knew he would ever hear his entire life .
lowering his gaze to the floor between them , he softly said , he would tell me the very same thing you are to look past my hatred .
i said the very same thing two years back .
the same thing it tells you , he answered .
you could say the same thing about the old spirits , strangely enough .
you know , if you were being serious right now , that might have been the most terrifying and erotic thing you have ever said to me .
now that you mention it , i remember thinking the same thing .
i hate that i always think about the bigger meaning of these things , when i just want to look at this as the worst thing that has ever happened , and that its unique to us , but its not .
you want to know the best thing about being here ?
i said softly , though it broke my heart to say such a thing .
you ve said that a million times , and i ve always said the same thing : you have nothing to be sorry for .
my mom and dad had always said the same thing .
and you re thinking the same thing , so do nt be a hypocrite .
i do nt ask what s possible anymore , because if there is one thing i have learned from this , its that anything is possible .
i said , if he heard you say such a thing against him he would , as you say , engage in a physical altercation with me , and believe me , baby , i have been waiting for it .
if we were to kill every old spirit , we would miss at least one or two , and then those one or two would swear vengeance , they would believe every terrible thing they had ever heard about us savages , and then , somehow , someway , they would gather one or two more dissenters , and then , the whole conflict would begin anew .
now , we have work to do , and your husband is lurking in this building , and if there is one thing that we can say about paul , he is shrewd enough to decipher all secrets being kept , so you know that if he saw us together , he would know what we have done .
if anyone else had said such a thing to me , i would cut her throat .
if there s one thing we can say , baby , our sex life has always been on point , even when our relationship has gone completely to hell .
over the years , he had learned that there was but one thing he had to say to bring me fully out of that dream world .
just let me say one thing .
so i told alice all about this moment in this show , and granted , i took forever to tell her the whole thing , because i basically had to recap the entire first season , and talk about the intricacies of don drapers character .
i m sorry that you think that makes me a psychopath , but if i can tell you one thing , its that i d rather be a psychopath than a coward , quinn !
the thing i always say to her !
is that not the most fucked up thing you ve ever heard ?
definitely not the most fucked up thing i ve ever heard .
he sank slowly to the floor , his mouth working as though he had one last thing to say , but he said nothing .
` ` i ' ve thought of that , '' mike said , ` ` i guess probably it was the first thing that jumped into my head this morning .
its funny because that s the last thing i wrote in this journal , and two days later its like an answer to prayer .
funny , conner replied , i was thinking the same thing .
katie said the same thing .
i do nt want to hear a thing he has to say , especially not today .
there s no inflection in her voice to tell me what she s thinking , or why she would say such a thing .
i nod , once , the only thing she s going to get out of me on the subject .
jenica and i exchange a glance as the gunfire continues and i know she s realized the same thing i havewe are going to have to make a run for it .
she ordered no such thing , but i know its better this way .
i know if she finds outlearns the one last thing i am withholdingit will change everything and she will hate me .
she continues flipping through them and i clear my throat as she stops on the last one , which is actually the first thing i drew when i picked up the pencils .
seems like the kind of thing shed have learned from me , anyway .
tom hurried to keep up with cody , at least i learned one thing at the orphanage .
i only have one thing to say to you two , you had better watch out , he said .
the only thing that was known for certain was that the order to take the weapon off safety must have been given from within .
both thought the same thing ; whoever stood on the opposite side of the door probably knew they were there .
glancing back , i saw julianna had her hand to her face well , her helmet but it comes to the same thing .
i can tell you a thing or two about that area in 1972 , said paul .
well , the main thing we got from our early morning communication with paul is that los angeles has undergone some type of nuclear blast .
it was the only thing i could think to ask in my shock .
i have seen a lot of horrible and gruesome things during my long time in the army , and the one thing that comes back to haunt me every time i see people fighting for survival .
` ` but because maeve had a human with her , no one said a thing . ''
it sounded like the kind of thing tiberius would say .
a moment later , duaal realized that just checking which side the thumbprint was on would have told him the same thing , but he was still glowing at his clever discoveries and brilliant deductions .
it was the most beautiful thing he had ever heard .
i 'd like to think it might have taught him a thing or two about loyalty .
tiberius ' had said the same thing to him when coldhand escaped their ship before .
loyaltys one thing .
a look that told him they were both thinking the same thing .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , '' jackson said , ` ` if i get an opportunity to make use of it , i ' m gon na give 'em a surprise . ''
` ` i 'll agree with that , but for the short of things , we were put back into place to combat the european alliance .
the first thing i want to tell you is the same reason that caused the marsh tribe to flood to this particular spot in their territory will cause them to be twice as aggressive as usual . ''
the second thing i need to tell you is the only place the scroll could be in this particular location is at the bottom of a lake . ''
this was the best thing he d heard all year .
he d busted a gut to save her , and the second thing shed said was she was waiting for him to turn back into a monster again .
the same thing happened with poseidon and it freaked him out then , too .
` ` sign the thing and let 's go .
this was a sad beast inside a sadder zoo , but if there was one thing in this world that finley mudbottom understood it was that everyone needed help at some point in their life .
there was one thing he wanted to hear since he arrived and one thing only .
that is just not a nice thing to say .
i wo nt say a thing .
now he knew that others had experienced the same thing , when reality stopped , and then started again .
he was rewarded with the sweetest thing he had ever tasted in his life .
everybody who has been up the elevator shaft , walked out the tunnel , and looked outside can tell you the same thing .
the pout changed into a seductive smile , that s not a nice thing to say to a woman .
` ` sure thing , but first i need some food .
if i am to believe anything that you just said , i need to know one thing first .
the one thing they were sure of was that they heard the sound of footsteps , running away at high speed .
this made access to socrates slower than usual , but still enabled mages to engage the intelligence network in near real-time.another thing they learned about the bots is that not all were the same .
and did that young minor - mage in the normals ' village not proclaim the same thing ? ''
` ` yeah gunnarsson , i ' ve been wondering the same thing .
` ` socrates , do n't say a thing .
in all of them , one thing was certain .
there was only one thing that made sense amongst all the madness .
in other words , ariel thought , this man not only would nt mind a sure thing , he would prefer one .
it was the first thing that popped out .
as the threesome made their way around the shrubbery , he whispered softly to ariel , the last thing i was trying to say was that we ve all got your back at this blue lagoon spa thing coming up in in iceland .
he supposed that ariel could be making the whole thing up , driven by some childhood sense of competition with her brother that would not loosen its hold on her adult brain .
ariel jumped in with the first thing that popped into her mind .
that was probably the wrong thing to say , the copilot muttered quietly .
i thought you d gone home , ariel said , thinking it was a dumb thing to say even as she said it .
but first i must tell your mother one more thing .
before she could say another bad thing about afua , one of the swamp sparrows swooped down from a tree and literally attacked her hairdo .
in fact , i sought you out this morning to tell you that very thing .
however , badru did need to know one more thing .
afua , was the first thing to come to xanders mind as he sprung to his feet .
there is also no such thing as divorce .
no one can say a thing ?
do nt you think this is the wrong time to be asking such a thing ?
tell you one thing , said bill .
okay , back to being constanze : have you finished writing that thing yet , wolfie ?
ill tell you one thing for sure , carol .
that s a really amazing thing he told us , said mathew .
i guess he s finished writing this thing , said mathew .
he could see the whole thing surging through his mind .
that was the silliest thing i ever heard , he said , but you were completely wonderful , constanze .
i ve been thinking the same thing , says the commander .
now that is a rude thing to say .
it was just a silly little thing a silly little kid said , and we all said a lot of silly stuff when we were kids .
you do nt give a damn about a single thing i say , do you ?
anyway , the one thing i can say for sure right now is that its safe to be up there , and that whatever hit us was not a nuke .
and is nt that an incredibly sad thing to say , roger ?
but they re thinking the exact same thing , mr . president : that their religion is the one true religion , and everyone else got it wrong .
i know its a weird thing to say on a first date , but i think you should meet my mom .
one thing he could say for servants , at least you always had someone to share news with .
the first wise thing i ve heard in my entire time here .
the last thing jerry said to them all was ` ` bring my things later on - bring my new jacket with the beads on the back . ''
` ` there is one thing i would like to say , '' barris said .
one tells you one thing , the other another . ''
it was the first thing bob arctor had managed to say ; each word came with retching difficulty .
like with comics on tv who said the same tag - line thing again and again each week .
` ` what an odd thing to say , '' betty jo said .
but it 's still a strange thing to say . ''
` ` and then he said a strange thing , '' morley said .
actually , he had never heard of general treaton before , but it seemed to him a good thing to say , in order to try to cheer her up .
but it can only print one thing ; it does it over and over again , grinding out a flood that seems endless . ''
we 'd do the same thing ; white men , back in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , told the natives of north and south america exactly the same thing . ''
` ` it does n't tell us a damn thing , '' ignatz thugg said .
how strange ; it 's the same thing i have tattooed on my arm , and in the same place . ''
` ` yes , i am , but - ` ` ` ` well you better get one thing straight , right now .
said the same thing . ''
bill benson was one of the old norton hands ; he had handled media relations since the days when the company lived on military contracts and did n't tell the press a damned thing .
` ` the most important thing to remember with reardon is that you know more than he does .
there 's only one more thing i can tell you , katherine .
that 's the only thing we can call it .
beenay repeated the whole thing word for word , as though he had memorized it hours before .
` ` sometimes things get said between friends , off the record- but you know , beenay , there 's no such thing as ' off the record ' when you 're talking to someone like theremon .
` ` sometimes things get said between friends , off the record- but you know , beenay , there 's no such thing as ' off the record ' when you 're talking to someone like theremon .
` ` the apostle folimun 66 said more or less the same thing to me over a year ago , only it was his sanctuary he was inviting me into , not yours .
he was always saying the unexpected thing .
` ` i said the same thing at first , '' beenay put in .
` ` we said the same thing , '' raissta replied .
his intelligence and experience told him one thing , his naturally resilient personality told him another .
but this '' -- he jerked a contemptuous thumb at the yellow - bearded cultist -- ` ` this is the sort of thing my nurse used to tell me .
` ` could you - could you answer me one thing ? ''
` ` that 's not the same thing , '' i said .
i had said the same thing .
` ` dashed unpleasant thing to be saying about the enemy , stuart .
so just get one thing through your skull .
` ` why do you say such a preposterous thing ? ''
one thing he had to say for crankenshaft : the man was brilliant .
shaman 's farm many things were written of which i was unaware then , but where i now live , folks know everything .
the mel bellow personality thing is just static , a tv ghost .
do n't say a thing , great abbadabba . ''
` ` no such thing , either .
` ` and let me tell you one thing , if you 're so smart . ''
in a much milder voice , norby said , ` ` the one thing i want to tell you is that i think we should walk to your solstice place , jeff , before the sun comes up on us and it 's too late . ''
` ` well , '' said norby , ` ` that 's the one little thing i do n't know . ''
no gentleman would say such a thing !
i have one thing more to say , chief . ''
` ` no such thing , gruber .
` ` that is a heartless thing to say . ''
` ` the most important thing to remember is this : do n't come down after me for any reason .
there must be billions of earth people who ' ve never even seen a spaceship ; do n't know the first thing about it . ''
listen , if i had to worry about every thing some damned grounder said , i 'd never get any sleep .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , mario rioz .
the world was strange and glamorous , and slim said , ` ` sure thing , red .
we ca n't sit and spout every thing we know .
wellby accepted a position and because he was always at the right spot at the right time and always said the right thing to the right man , he was quickly promoted to a position of great authority .
tony approached a little and said , ` ` you must be unhappy to say such a thing .
` ` and all the kids learned the same thing ? ''
it 's the best thing you ever heard , i bet .
when you 're with your best girl and your mind 's in a whirl and you do n't hear a thing that she 's saying ; or at symphony hall you are gone past recall and you ca n't tell a note that they 're playing ; or you 're driving a car and have not gone too far when you find that you ' ve sped through a red light , and on top of that , lord !
brand shrugged , ' no such thing .
i went to blak just about the first thing , and he 's consultant mathematician to united robots .
i have nothing on my side so far but logical necessity , which is the last thing most archaeologists will accept .
i wanted him , if possible , to think of the same thing i was thinking , so that i would n't have to tell him - because i hated to have to tell him - because it was nuts , for one thing .
dr . mclntyre asked me the same thing yesterday when he heard timmie speaking .
so long as we can keep timmie healthy and happy , and maybe get him to speak a few words of english-'hello , everybody out there , this is timmie from the stone age'- '' ` ` or some such thing , '' miss fellowes said drily .
some such thing .
but one thing all the experts agreed on was that they had vanished from the earth late in the period of the ice ages .
much of that had quickly become hazy to her ; but , reminded of it now , miss fellowes saw one thing with terrible clarity , a conclusion to which she had given no serious thought when she had brushed against it earlier .
i think he was implying that we were playing for time so we 'd be able to cover up all of the bruises timmie has from the whippings we give him , or some such crazy thing .
` ` what a thing to say ! ''
she had told timmie the same thing just a little while before .
he wo n't remember a thing . ''
it 's a nasty thing to say and you must n't do it . ''
united states robots and mechanical men was not only a scientifically adept organization , it knew a thing or two about the importance of maintaining its profitability , too .
then the judge said , peering at andrew with intense interest , ` ` tell me one thing , andrew , if you will .
and when i phoned the library the librarian said you had n't been there , that she had n't heard a thing from you .
do you know what will happen to my candidacy if the main thing that people know about me is that i was the lawyer who forced the legislature to pass robot - rights laws ? ''
that 's not quite the same thing as what you told us before , that it would be impossible to manufacture an android body for andrew . ''
in his earlier days andrew would never have admitted such a thing , even to himself ; but he was different now .
it 's not the same thing .
to sit there with a straight face and tell me a crazy thing like that ?
how terribly naive of me to say a thing like that . ''
odeen said the first thing that came into his mind .
it had been a silly thing to say for dua had often moved through the outer surface of the rock and liked it .
since tritt did n't know she was in the vicinity , she wanted to make sure of only one thing - that he continued not to know .
and one thing i ' ve learned is what we really are , odeen ; you and i and tritt and all the other triads on this planet ; what we really are and always were . ''
he could not conceive of such a thing .
denison said , ` ` you ask a hard thing .
that might be because they are much more intelligent or much more technologically advanced than we are - ` ` ` ` not necessarily me same thing , '' muttered denison .
` ` no , natasha , i am being honest - which is sometimes the same thing .
` ` i ca n't possibly know such a thing , since i only have your word for it and i do n't believe you represent your nation any more than i represent mine .
life is one thing - we all lose it sooner or later .
morrison said , ` ` julius caesar said the same thing . ''
- i did n't sense any such thing .
dezhnev contributed only one thing : ` ` i sense a feeling of hunger , but it may be my own . ''
` ` not a large thing , but a lie .
` ` i 'll say no such thing .
there was much he desperately wanted to know , but there was one thing in particular , one thing that the store did not tell him , one thing that he most wanted to know : why did n't it tell him more ?
there was much he desperately wanted to know , but there was one thing in particular , one thing that the store did not tell him , one thing that he most wanted to know : why did n't it tell him more ?
i would expect that every single person who knows about this affair has wondered the same thing .
` ` oh , dear , i appear to have said the wrong thing , '' said shelabas quellam .
` ` one thing i do know .
` ` and they told you a thing or two you 're not quite ready to tell me , '' kresh said .
so far , about the one thing we can say for sure about the ringleader is that it was n't bissal . ''
` ` if i were you , i would n't say one thing more . ''
` ` what a tactful thing to say to the governor of the planet , '' said kresh , his tone of voice as sour as his words .
during that time , the key thing we have learned is that the universe of humans and three - law robots is not the most welcoming of places for those of our kind .
` ` an attempt to say the most frightening thing possible , in order to draw you here . ''
and that was a remarkable thing for a human to ask of a robot .
now they would be able to talk without fear of saying the wrong thing in front of the robot and accidentally setting up a damn fool first law crisis .
it is essential that she believe the same thing about you . ''
` ` it would do no good for me to tell her any such thing , '' he said .
no sense saying any such thing out loud .
` ` one thing i can tell you your evacuation experts might not have told you , '' said fredda .
even with his thoughts in a whirl , he was thinking the same thing .
the only thing to tell them is to accept the available universe and the bad situation they are in , and make the best of it .
it was the thing dee thought she knew .
even dimmed by the weather , the city was a tremendous thing to see .
dr . fastolfe has never said anything to me - never , partner elijah - that would sound as though such a thing were in his mind .
` ` i suspected - ` ` ` ` not the same thing .
baley told himself , at this point , that the one thing everyone agreed on was that it only snowed when it was very cold .
amadiro said , ` ` i still have one thing to say , however .
there 's no such thing .
oh , elijah , it was the most wonderful thing you could have said to me . ''
` ` why do you say such a foolish thing ?
i do n't remember - wait , you did say one thing in a very low voice .
i told the emperor that psychohistory could not be turned into a practical technique and i am forced to tell you the same thing . ''
it seemed such a normal thing to say .
there is such a thing as overall galactic social pressure too . ''
all this talk of sex makes one thing clear to me .
dors frowned , then said , ` ` hari , let me tell you one thing .
if there 's one thing i can tell , it is just how i impress others .
in the process , one thing became plain .
dors says the same thing and explains it in terms of the three laws or four of - of- '' ` ` robotics , '' put in demerzel .
seldon had one more thing to tell daneel - the most important thing of all .
seldon had one more thing to tell daneel - the most important thing of all .
i told cleon the science was n't up to it nearly thirty years ago and i kept telling him that all through my tenure as first minister - and now i 'll have to tell general tennar the same thing . ''
` ` i never heard anyone say such a thing about hari . ''
` ` no one could possibly believe such a thing was in my mind . ''
but there is one thing i do know and that is that your father can take care of himself .
` ` no , of course i do n't mean any such thing .
he said , ` ` i listened to the whole thing , mayor .
compor said , ` ` there is one thing more to say .
my mother called me ' nobby , ' if you can imagine such a thing . ''
` ` guess you know a thing or two , huh . ''
` ` what a terrible thing to say ! ''
hell , it was practically the first thing she said about him .
` ` oh , there 's one other thing i want . ''
` ` that 's a hell of a thing to say . ''
the best thing i could say was nothing .
i just thought of the worst thing i could possibly do to him .
dess swallowed , suddenly remembering one more thing about the universe .
everyone who abuses power says exactly the same thing : ' we only do nasty , secret things to keep everyone safe .
` ` the last thing ernesto told me is that there was something coming up , something that had been planned for a long time .
` ` here 's the main thing you need to know , '' rex said .
but you should just remember one thing . ''
they flowed into him , along with the thing she had n't said aloud .
i brought forth my left hand , holding it out palm forth in a gesture of command and denial , a universal pose meaning one thing : stop !
people make a big thing about shotguns hitting absolutely everything you point them at , but it ai n't so .
` ` it 's the only thing that would explain it .
that was more the kind of thing esteban and esmerelda would come up with .
mister is the closest thing to a mountain lion for a few hundred miles .
that was the first thing he said . ''
his surface reactions could be read but not the mysterious thing beneath his unexpected behavior .
` ` i will tell you a thing , '' the rabbi said .
` ` this thing they tell you about the mother superior odrade - that she often damns her own archivists and the archives with them .
i am curious why you would say such a thing ? ''
silence is often the best thing to say , some bene gesserit humorist had scrawled on a washroom mirror .
one thing a mother superior could be sure of - her sisters listened to her with great care , with an intensity that would have gratified someone more ego - bound than a reverend mother .
for no reason he could explain , idaho thought of another thing odrade had said : ` ` we have no attic storerooms .
his voice was the funniest thing she had ever heard .
what an extraordinary thing to say about a reverend mother .
our household god is this thing we carry forward generation after generation : our message for humankind if it matures .
her hand was in mine when she died and the attending doctor , tears in his eyes , said the thing i and many others had said of her .
he knew that completely now with this new thing which he would have to tell ghanima .
i say this thing out of selfishness .
muad'dib had said another thing , stilgar reminded himself : ` ` just as individuals are born , mature , breed , and die , so do societies and civilizations and governments . ''
` ` it 's the thing which the sisterhood hides most deeply , the thing they most fear .
he asked , saying the first thing that came into his mind .
` ` dis ... how can you say such a thing ?
it is that inner outrage which must have its say because muad'dib taught us one thing above all others : that humans can endure only in a fraternity of social justice .
i will only ask this one thing : is the typhoon struggle necessary ? ''
what do i have to do to convince you of - '' ` ` a difficult thing to prove , '' stilgar said .
it was really a dreadful thing to say ; i ca n't imagine why i said it .
you know i say every kind of thing - i have no control over my tongue . ''
from what fay had said , apparently charley had been ambivalent toward her , sometimes loving her with hopeless devotion , sometimes feeling so trapped , so victimized and degraded , so turned into a thing , that he had bounced one thing after another off her head .
anybody who 'd write a thing like that about his sister is a psycho ; let 's face it .
` ` this is the worst thing i ever heard .
but he had said the wrong thing , and he could not get it back .
looking back on it i saw that i should have been able to march up to her and simply demand that thing , not threaten or yell but just hold out my hand , say nothing at all .
after some silence , fay said suddenly , ` ` well , i 'll tell you one thing ; i wo n't live in this house with this asshole around .
i said , ` ` the only thing is that i want to stay here . ''
munro said the first thing that came to mind : ` ` we 'll take the ragora north .
` ` i was wondering the same thing , '' i whisper .
aside from ruining my birthday , it meant that black magic was going to be brought into play sometime soon , and at this time of year that could mean only one thing .
some would say that it is bound up with a wizard 's faith , and it would mean practically the same thing .
` ` grevane said the very same thing . ''
he listened , taking it all in , and the first thing he said was , ` ` you have a date ? ''
one thing i was pretty sure of - she was here to talk .
but she was telling the truth about one thing , for sure : she could make me stronger .
the merlin will think the same thing . ''
accepting the same thing from a stranger , knight of the cross or not , grated on my conscience .
` ` but odds are that anna valmont and the buyer are both thinking the same thing . ''
i snarled , ` ` buddy , you just said the wrong thing . ''
` ` i was just going to ask you the same thing , '' marcone said .
` ` back to square one : you will recall that omc / myrtle said : ' i have no incarnation : that may have been the only accurate thing in her jabbering .
it does n't mean a thing . ''
the inconsequential thing had been transmitted millions of miles to no effect other than to inform them hempstead had been troubled by a bit of phlegm .
pete sands said , ` ` tell me the most important thing that , under any circumstance , could be told .
` ` no such thing , '' the great c said .
` ` say the first thing that comes to mind . ''
susan knew the only thing she 'd typed in the last twenty minutes washer privacy code when she 'd stepped out to talk to the commander .
it was the first thing she had said in a long time .
he wondered what the two men would do if he told them the thing pchak had undoubtedly known -- that the robot could take no overt action against a human , that his words had been a lie .
` ` tell you one thing , '' the pn said .
listen- '' ` ` i have just one thing to say to you , '' lewyn said , interrupting .
he was especially bothered by one thing that lewyn had said : that he was allowing himself to be pushed around by garvin - that he was being too passive , too understanding .
these guys have worked over at texas instruments or someplace , and i 'll give 'em one thing : they know what they 're talking about .
` ` but i 'll tell you one thing : this is a good sign . ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight , just between you and me .
` ` frankly , it 's the first thing that has made any sense to me all day .
i do n't know who could have told you such a thing or why you would say it now . ''
a strange thing to say , she thought to herself .
the thought came to him now with enormous force : _ could it have been this ? _ could she have been having a love affair with him and he started to tell her husband or some danm thing ?
mr . tree stood up in the foresters ' hall last night and said those dumb religious things about repenting , and so if bill acts funny and does n't know what to do or say , _ nobody will pay any attention _ .
she moved quickly away from him , flushing at having said such a thing .
that was a thing his mother might ' ve said , paul thought .
` ` ... dare much more ... ` ` that was a thing duncan idaho might have said .
she had not said the thing he waited to hear .
` ` i promise you a thing , beloved , '' he said .
` ` that is a thing we ' ve heard said by the fremen of the deep desert , '' hayt said .
yet i have discovered that if all those around you believe some particular thing , you will soon be tempted to share in that belief , and so it was with me .
now , here is the manner of his descent , which i found remarkable , but the northmen account it no particular thing .
the splotches could mean only one thing .
korathi , derethi , jesker - they all say the same thing .
` ` i ' ve heard things , you understand - as i have about fjorden where they say it gets so cold in the winter that trees sometimes freeze and explode .
` ` he says the same thing about you , my lady . ''
oh , and here 's the last thing . ''
` ` i do n't know how you did this , priest , but i know one thing with absolute certainty .
it 's the sort of thing she can missive to the spcai lawyer to make his day .
darling had said the same thing to himself , but never to leoa .
that was a stupid thing to say , he realized , that about the phone lines .
he thought to himself , i remember one more thing about you , ruth rae .
it was the first thing either of them had said since boarding the quibble .
to buckman , herb said , ` ` i want to explain one thing i said .
one thing she was sure of : she had suddenly become important , and not because she was a clever member of the black market community .
sufferance makes this true , sufferance and one thing more : i hold the threads !
this is the one thing i can not know .
` ` one thing , though , does not change .
moneo sat back , thinking of a thing the god emperor had once said : ` ` no matter how much we ask after the truth , self - awareness is often unpleasant .
` ` with the lord leto that 's the only thing you can say for sure , '' luyseyal said .
time enough for that later , but now the god emperor had said a disturbing thing .
` ` one thing you can say about the atreides , '' she said .
in a flat voice , idaho said : ` ` that is the most cynical thing i have ever heard an atreides say . ''
` ` that 's the kind of thing he means , '' she said .
` ` commander , there is a thing i have not ventured to tell you . ''
` ` do n't patronize me , thing .
compelled by something outside him , roland said , ` ` you have one more thing to say , do n't you ? ''
sheeana did not think of the approaching monster as shai - hulud , god of the sands , a thing the priests chanted each morning in obeisance to the pearl of leto ii 's awareness that lay encapsulated in each of the multi - ridged rulers of the desert .
it can be one thing .
it had needed only sheeana 's words and presence to make the thing clear .
he wanted teg to say a particular thing .
it was the closest thing to voice lucilla had ever heard from a man .
it was a thing spoken frequently in the wrangling session they had concluded earlier .
teg heard the other thing in this muzzafar 's voice now : caution bordering on fear .
i never thought i 'd ever see such a thing . ''
` ` there but for the grace of god ... '' every sister who came through the spice agony ( as chenoeh had not ) said or thought that same thing , but what did it really mean ?
dak had just been about to ask the same thing .
gloria turned an eye on sera and said the strangest thing .
it was the nicest thing she 'd heard him say .
grant was wondering the same thing .
the same thing seemed to be true of dinosaurs .
grant was thinking the same thing .
he had no idea why she appealed to him , but in the end , he knew one thing .
she heard a faint voice saying the most shocking thing she 'd ever heard in her life .
` ` well , i 'll say one thing .
mine have their problems , but the worst thing i can say about my sisters is they 're self destructive ... or in kasen 's and tess 's case , fatally stupid .
` ` another thing i picked up from my sisters .
that was the absolute last thing she 'd expected to hear from him .
the same thing caillen had thought , but now ...
caillen gaped at the last thing he 'd expected to hear .
that had to be the most screwed - up thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` is that the only thing you 're going to hold me to ? ''
another thing he owed mari .
every vicious thing they 'd said to him while they 'd carved him up - the laughter and joy they 'd taken in their cruelty rang in his ears until he was deaf from it .
licking her lips , she kept coming back to the one thing she could n't deny no matter how hard she tried .
but at least that emotional explosion had taught her one thing .
she could n't believe his family had thought such a thing .
but that was a long time ago and the one thing his harsh life had taught him was when it was too late to try .
there was only one thing in the envelope .
` ` that there , that thing i said , '' j.c . continued , ` ` that was a metaphor . ''
if there 's one thing i ' m sure of it 's that .
it seemed such a childlike thing to say , and for some reason it brought memories of madison slamming to the forefront of mark 's thoughts .
but once the majority of the rumors are saying the same thing , you better perk up and pay attention .
` ` because there were too many people from too many places describing the same thing before i got away from the masses .
` ` to the world above , '' alec replies , the last thing mark expected to hear .
trina says the word like it 's the evilest thing to ever come out of her mouth .
mark did n't know the first thing about what they should do in the morning .
he lightly slapped mark 's shoulder and was about to walk away when deedee said one last thing .
why would i lie about such a thing ?
` ` i was just going to say the same thing about you , '' mark replied .
` ` what kind of a person even needs to be told such a thing ?
and could n't he say the same thing about himself ?
it hurt to even have to say such a thing .
` ` what ... why ... '' mark stammered for the right thing to say .
as lifeless a thing as had ever come out of his mouth .
` ` that 's the lamest shuck - faced thing you ' ve ever barked , '' minho said .
no one said a thing , and soon they were all walking forward again .
any of that mean a thing to you ? ''
once they met up in the spot where they 'd first spoken , the distant town almost seeming to float between them , the woman said one last thing .
they all sat or lay as lifeless as thomas , probably pondering the same thing he waswhat kind of messed - up world could create a storm like that ?
he did n't mention teresa , howevershe was the only thing he left out .
something had changedslightlyin the crank 's face at that last thing he 'd said , and thomas knew he had won .
all of them say the same thing .
it was the only thing he could think of to say .
i wan na hear the whole thing .
before he drifted off he did hear one last thing , from the first woman .
it was actually the first thing she 'd said in quite some time that did n't make thomas want to punch her .
it seemed like a stupid thing to say , but he was grasping for anything .
` ` i can only promise one thing .
then i just have one thing left to say to you .
he did n't know why the stench of his own body was the thing that scared him the most .
` ` i have n't lied about a thing .
they did n't respond , but their eyes revealed that they 'd been thinking the same thing .
it made him sick to pacify the rat man , but it was the only thing he could think to say to buy himself time .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
he realized he needed to know one last thing .
bryson and sarah gave him a puzzled look , but he knew very well that they were thinking the same thing .
` ` what 's happened , what have you learned , what are your plans , that sort of thing . ''
and judging by the look on sarah 's face , she thought the same thing .
` ` it was such a strange thing to say .
they both got up and hurried after their host , and michael was sure his friend was thinking the same thing he was : being left alone with all those circus animals seemed like a really bad idea .
` ` i was calling to ask you the same thing . ''
` ` i do n't know how you could think such a thing . ''
the first thing that came into her mind .
maybe you 're lucky or smart , some such thing . '
one more thing , and then i promise no more horrific biology ( for a few pages ) .
as a guy with something to hide , there 's one thing i ' ve learned : people only worry about the uncanny for about a week ; that 's the end of their attention span .
i have to live with that thing on the wall . ''
it was one thing sitting across a table from lace in a crowded restaurant , but i could n't be alone with her , not in small spaces .
` ` and one more thing , kid . ''
if lace said the wrong thing in front of sarah , the watch might figure out that she knew too much .
but the old guys do know one thing : when the ground starts to tremble , the old strain will rise up .
we all thought the same thing , that something terrible had happened .
we were all thinking about the same thing : in another half a minute we would reach the door , and safety .
then i said , ` ` just tell me one thing , julia .
one other thing , '' he said , and passed me an envelope .
the whole hormone thing .
the one i wanted for the hotel was the same thing , but i did n't have to bother with setting it up as a long - term construct .
then i took a deep breath and said , ` ` one thing more .
` ` charity , the only thing i am sure about is that if molly does n't come out , and if one of the other egotistical , power - mongering tyrants finds her , they 're going to automatically declare her a warlock and execute her .
hell , i was used to feeling the same thing about morgan in reply .
` ` first thing , '' i said , looking around at the dozen or so wardens present , plus a few other noncombatant council members who had been in the area or who were on the senior council 's staff .
` ` next thing you need to know , '' i said .
that 's the one thing i ' m sure of , these gunnars , they 're not going to kill me , whatever they do to the rest of this motley bunch .
dumb - ass thing to say - of course he 's serious , and suddenly i do feel ignorant .
deep down , i know i ' m going to hear a tale of conquest and subjugation , and that it 's another thing i can feel guilty for , although it 's racial , not personal .
the folly listing like this can mean only one thing , and we take another hit as the four of us intersect in the hub .
that 's the first sensible thing i ' ve heard .
this prick does n't know the first thing about me , other than what he 's read or seen on the vids .
then again , i suspect i do n't get the whole guy thing , because surge cracks up again .
i do n't owe chancellor tarn a damn thing .
i hate thinking like that , but it 's the only thing that makes sense .
that may be the stupidest thing i ' ve ever said .
not my business , really- '' ` ` but you 're presuming to advise me about het - sex relationships , even though you do n't know the first thing about them ? ''
a draft can mean only one thing .
the one good thing you can say about the thermud caked all over me , it covers my scars .
i learned one thing from kai , one unshakeable truth .
that 's the last thing i expect to hear .
that 's the last thing i want to hear .
it 's damn near the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
the primary thing i learned from kai was the importance of free will outweighing hollow promises .
unless i want the same thing to happen with march , i have to find some way to bring him back .
his heat is the best thing i ' ve ever felt in my life , but it gets better .
he keeps poking at his handheld , checking and rechecking the device he built , based on constance 's schematics , but it keeps telling us the same thing .
i ' m afraid i need to ask one more thing of you , doc . ''
it 's the most terrifying thing i ' ve ever heard .
i ' ve been grilled for the last two hours , and my testimony may be the one thing nola ca n't defend .
it can mean only one thing .
it is a pledge between us of continuity and companionship - in a universe where chaos consumes all it touches , this one thing shall never change .
` ` to my mind , one thing does not lessen another .
over the turns , i ' ve asked myself the same thing . ''
but this is- '' ` ` the same thing , '' the kid says implacably .
` ` i fear no such thing , '' he replies .
by loras 's thoughtful expression , he thinks the same thing .
which is precisely why the cells run as they do , independently , so the only thing members can betray is the location of the base .
that 's the nicest thing sasha has ever said about my relationship with march .
` ` there is no such thing as coincidence , my dear jax .
` ` that 's a hell of a thing to say to a man , captain .
murphy rolled her eyes over the whole thing .
honest incorrectness is n't the same thing as lying , but it amounts to the same thing when you 're talking about witnesses to a specific event .
` ` i offer no such thing , '' nicodemus said without looking away from me .
` ` here 's the same thing . ''
norman was thinking the same thing , and he did n't like the implications .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , i 'll be glad to see the last of this suit .
this man 's arrival at the habitat could mean only one thing - the surface ships must be back !
the only thing i can think is that somehow george 's check was mistakenly deposited in the wrong account .
` ` he did say one funny thing . ''
` ` herb had his door closed while he was talking , but i , uh , i heard a few things . ''
` ` maybe we 're all going to get killed here by these juvenile delinquent creeps , but i want you to know , if it 's the last f**king thing i say in my life , that you are a major and unrelenting ass - hole , kenner .
that 's what he said to me , the last thing he told me just before we began the treaty - signing celebration . ''
it was the wrong thing to say , and kal knew it immediately .
it seemed the right thing to say .
a man joins a new team of soldiers , and the first thing he 'll do is talk about how wonderful his old team was .
` ` is no such thing . ''
` ` this thing is true , '' rock said , stretching and glancing upward as syl zipped over in front of him .
` ` well , it was the first thing that came to mind .
you often seem to say the first passably clever thing that enters your mind . ''
that might just be the wittiest thing i ' ve heard you say . ''
` ` then why do all the stories say the same thing ? ''
it was n't a brilliant thought , but it was a way out , and it was the only thing that occurred to her .
` ` many a thing , and only some of them polite .
though there was one thing he clung to .
` ` i ask myself this same thing .
` ` the last thing you said before the vision ended .
that is the last thing you said before coming out of your trance .
can you imagine such a thing ? ''
` ` you said this thing before , '' rock said .
` ` then tell me one thing .
he said that exact thing last time , dalinar realized , feeling a chill .
` ` that 's a pretty thing to say , '' john remarked .
` ` the last thing he sent - i think he said it out loud , although i ' m not sure - it was ... '' jake considered it .
the only thing he was sure his heart believed was that there were no teleports left in algul siento .
images that all said the same thing .
he could say the wrong thing in a state like that .
the last thing he said was , ' tell roland we did our best . '
she looked at him , surprised , then used her memory to replay the last thing she had said .
there was at least one thing she did know , from her time in calla bryn sturgis .
` ` if you 'd live to make all the pictures ka has stored away in your future , ask me not a single question nor ask me to repeat a single thing . ''
there is no such thing as a happy ending .
my parents did n't know the first thing about that myth .
the reasonable thing .
it 's the perfect thing to say at the perfect moment , and what he 's been trying to get out of me suddenly explodes .
of course , he could say the same thing about me .
it was the perfectly wrong thing to say at the perfectly wrong time .
` ` well , people used to say the same thing about aliens . ''
that 's the other thing it took me a while to understand : they not only do n't care what i think - they do n't want me to think .
he 's expecting an answer , and for some stupid reason i blurt out the first thing that pops into my head .
but it 's the first thing that pops into my head .
ringer must be wondering the same thing , because she glances over at me and whispers , ` ` zombie ?
i ' m out of anything that passes for a cogent argument , so i come back with the first thing that pops into my head .
kind of obvious thing to say , but it feels like i ' m talking to a stranger .
he shakes his head and says simply , as if it 's the most obvious thing in the world , ` ` when i woke up in you , cassie .
i blurt out the first thing that pops into my head .
okay , so you 're going to go all noble and sacrifice yourself to save us , but then do n't say things like i 'll find you , which implies there 'll be an i to find me after you unleash the green fireball from hell .
and i think that 's a mighty peculiar thing , for him to be saying .
because a person with acidosis like willis or jackson was one thing .
` ` i did an e - sweep when we left the harbor , thinking the same thing .
you know one thing about me if you know nothing else : i kill for something , not for nothing .
nevi knew one thing for sure , he was getting out of reach of the kelp .
it was the funniest thing i 'd ever heard .
and apparently his own wife was one of them , because she was in the house when gertrude and jimmy were there , and she had never said a thing to reg about jimmy .
` ` one thing 's sure : it was n't just an angry gesture . ''
the historical abuses of new data occurred between the time that a few people learned the important thing and the time when that important thing became general knowledge .
the historical abuses of new data occurred between the time that a few people learned the important thing and the time when that important thing became general knowledge .
the feeling was heightened by the realization that bahrank had said the same thing to him several times .
his words implied many things : that there was conspiracy in high places , that the situation had achieved dangerous momentum without being detected , that all of the inertial forces could not now be anticipated .
maybe that 's the best thing to believe .
but you forgot one thing : suspicion is contagious . ''
he sensed that was an unnecessary thing to say ; he sensed that roland was readier to move and act in his deepest sleep than eddie would ever be in his most wide - awake moment .
all of this felt so true as to be unquestionable ... and so did one other thing .
he was related to enrico balazar by marriage ... a niece , a cousin , some fucking thing .
balazar made a little gesture that was at the same time comic , sad , and untrustworthy : you hurt me , eddie , it said , you hurt me when you say a thing like that .
what other thing that never changed ?
you only left out one thing . ''
although his voice is down to that husky murmur again and he knows he should n't be talking at all , the gunslinger has to know one thing .
some things you would die before saying ... unless you were called upon to testify to them before the throne of god the father almighty , where , she supposed , even the truths that caused the hellish thunderstorms in that strange gray jelly between your ears ( the scientists said that gray jelly was nerveless , and if that was n't a hoot and a half she did n't know what was ) must be admitted .
i tell you one thing , you sumbitch honky !
` ` well , i 'll tell you one thing , dorothy , '' eddie said .
as the gunslinger was about to reiterate his warning for eddie to be on guard and announce ( loud enough for the lady to hear , if she was only shamming ) that he was going to turn in , eddie said the thing which lighted roland 's mind in a single sudden glare , the thing which made him understand at least part of what he needed so badly to know .
` ` doan mean a thing , '' detta said sulkily .
` ` i think i said the only thing that matters . ''
frava might have been able to deliver such a thing , but she would n't .
it struck igan as a pointless display , lacking danger or drama ... which ha decided were two words for the same thing .
agar , whose face was the very picture of gloom , must have been thinking the same thing .
finally she said , ` ` i know a thing or two . ''
why , do you know that 's the very thing we 're all wanting to hear -- - and hear it we have , from every blasted muck - snipe , smatter - hauler , and bug - picker who comes our way .
` ` that 's the craziest thing i ever heard ! ''
they 'll believe this because it 's the easiest thing to believe .
and she wondered : was that the right thing to say then ?
what a boorish , outrageous thing for her to say !
` ` how dare you say such a thing to a chem ? ''
it was the wrong thing to say and thurlow knew it the moment the words were out of his mouth .
kelexel glared at him , remembering that fraffin had said this same thing .
i hope it 's the chicken - and - rice thing i watched him cooking for dinner .
he must have realized the same thing i had , because he turned his face to my ear and whispered back softer than before .
we both must have been thinking the same thing : convenient , since wanda wo n't be around .
` ` i just want one more thing .
` ` just give me one thing , just one ! ''
and one more thing - '' ` ` yes ? ''
that was the kind of thing a raja thomas would say .
the only thing to believe was that the ship was not a god .
the anxiety rose in her like some thing , like a bastard child got by rape .
` ` or all of us together - it 's the same thing . ''
that was , of course , the sort of thing anyone said about his job from time to time , particularly at the end of a bad shift , and brian knew damned well he was n't too old for the job - at forty - three , he was just entering prime time for airline pilots .
john or james deegan looked around , as if for support , but there was only a single flight attendant standing by the hatch , wishing the deplaning passengers a pleasant evening in los angeles and glancing anxiously toward the cockpit every now and then , probably worried about the same thing that had crossed brian 's mind - that the crew was for some reason to be blamed for the slow leak which had made the last few hours of the flight such a nightmare .
` ` does n't mean a thing , '' nick said .
she struggled and managed to say one thing more .
he had proved at least one thing : he had an awesomely hard head .
` ` one more thing : i think i saw angels . ''
the same thing that had been obvious all day .
i wanted to ask , but that also did n't sound like a very ` ` it '' thing to say .
` ` soon is good , '' pearl said , which was probably the smart thing to say , but a wave of panic was rolling through me .
` ` do you guys not get the plural thing ? ''
have n't you heard a thing i ' ve said ? ''
` ` one thing you can say for that hen squawk : she 'll never ask a surgeon to make her normal ! ''
` ` why would you make such a thing ? ''
it was the first thing he had said in some time , and he sounded queer .
some were yelling one guy 's name , and some were yelling the other guy 's , but the only thing that really came through was this go ... go ... go chant .
` ` yeah , maybe , '' mcvries said , ` ` but there 's one thing you ought to know , ray , so it wo n't all be so pointless . ''
it was a voice , it was many voices , and it was repeating the same thing over and over : garraty !
` ` why do you want to say a thing like that ? ''
she knew one thing - dr . levine did n't care much about this class he was reaching .
` ` you know , there is such a thing as accurate and inaccurate .
but of course their forebears had believed exactly the same thing in the past , too .
` ` one thing i do n't understand . ''
everyone will think the same thing at the same time .
he knew only one thing with certainty .
the first thing page said was : ` ` you 're out of your mind .
she only knew one thing for sure , and that was how drug addicts felt , and she would never put them down again in her life .
tell you one thing - i ' ve gained a new respect for herb wyler in the last couple of weeks .
professional help was what he was thinking about , he supposed , er guys in green suits who said things like ` ` ten cc 's of epi , stat '' .
i thought he might make me hurt myself again , but then herb stepped in front of me and told , him the same thing , to go away and calm down and then come back and maybe we could help him fix whatever was wrong .
saying such an awful thing to jan was apt to expel her from this place of safety as surely as adam and eve had been expelled from the garden of eden for eating the wrong apple , but that did n't change how she felt .
and then she had said what might have been the most important thing of all .
over twenty million dollars in royalties had been generated by her casual memory of the story he had once made up to get his rotten nephew to go to sleep , and gazillions of books chronicling pat 's silly adventures had been sold around the world , but the next thing out of her mouth had seemed more important than all the bucks and all the books .
frightens me to write such a thing , but sometimes it 's better to have it out on the page .
i think the slb can find things out from herb that he ca n't from me , amp ; herb looks so tired .
after all , the worst thing the creature could do to him was kill him , and dying would at least stop the feeling that an earthquake was going on inside his mind .
father looked around at the rest of his clan , and all of them said the same thing , knock on the door , knock on the door , go on and knock on the door !
i told her to tell her son and husband the same thing , but of course garin did n't listen .
but if i gave him a nickel , i 'd have two hundred pickaninnies in here by nightfall claiming the same thing .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , though . ''
` ` so , jessica , do you want to know a really weird thing about bixby ? ''
` ` thing number two that darklings are afraid of is ...
` ` i think you should know one thing , '' she said .
he saw her answering smile and thought she might be remembering the same thing .
` ` for every thing i do know , there are a hundred things i do n't .
` ` when guessing 's the only thing left , sometimes he does .
as he wrestled susannah 's chair through the tangle of junk - alders , cursing the branches that whipped at his face and tried to poke his eyes out , eddie found himself able to admit at least some of these things , and the admission cooled his blood a little .
the idea was actually sort of cool - the kind of thing they were always printing in the weird supermarket newspapers greta shaw liked to read when she was sure jake 's mother was n't around - papers like the national enquirer and inside view .
but for now , i do n't have a thing to say . ''
of one thing he was quite sure : it was the best carving he had ever done .
this was utter desperation , but it was the only thing he could think to ask .
24 as soon as jake saw the place , he understood two things : first , that he had seen it before , in dreams so terrible his conscious mind would not let him remember them ; second , that it was a place of death and murder and madness .
` ` why did you never say you heard such a thing ? ''
` ` the answer i always heard was a wenberry , but i ' m sure both answers mean the same thing . ''
joy , sadness , love ... same thing .
would jake think the same thing ?
he said the first thing he thought might turn the trick .
he shifted his gaze back to the tick - tock man , understanding one thing clearly : he was n't going to get any water .
the voice fell silent for a moment , and then the voice of little blaine , almost buried by the steady , pulsing whoop of the alarm , came to them : ` ` ... / was afraid of something like this ... you must hurry ... '' eddie ignored little blaine , who was n't telling him a damned thing he did n't already know .
' let me say one thing further , ' said lightner , ' and then i must catch my plane .
this highly charged intimacy , if that was the proper thing to call it , alienated him to the core .
father , i 'll tell you a terrible secret thing .
he had said the wrong thing , made the wrong judgment !
' she said the same thing to my mother fifty years ago when she paid her for doing the washing , that 's right , the washing - my mother did the washing in a lot of them big houses , and she was never ashamed of it neither , and miss mary beth always paid her in them coins . '
and dr simmons , the chief resident , who told her now and then in a heated whisper that she was the finest doctor he 'd ever seen in surgery and that the nurses said the same thing , and dr larkin , the beloved chief of neuro - surgery , known to his proteges as lark , who had forced her over and over again today to elaborate - ' explain , rowan , explain in detail .
no such thing had ever happened to her .
is there any place in the family history for such a thing ?
but one thing she could say for him , he had n't criticized her for it .
' yes , and that was a terrible thing , to hear daddy tell it .
' well , that 's the damnedest thing i ever heard , ' rita mae whispered .
just one thing after another falling into place .
' now , honey , why would you say a thing like that ? '
when she 'd been describing the rescue to him in more detail , she had said a strange thing .
i do n't know the first thing about them .
she smiled , a warm sweet smile full of gratitude and quiet acceptance , but she did not trust the things he 'd said .
it was a simple thing she 'd said , but how it jarred him .
and to think , in all these years , this was the first time he had let such a thing slip by .
and rowan said the strangest thing . '
and rowan said another thing that really threw me .
but dr mayfair , there 's one thing more .
except perhaps that those in marseille do not believe so much in witchcraft and ascribe the madness of the persecution to the superstition of the mountain people , though what is that superstition without the famous witch judge to goad it on7 it is most easy for me to inquire about these two for no one here knows that i have been in the mountains , and it seems that those whom i invite to join me in a cup of wine do love to speak of charlotte and antome fontenay as the townspeople of montcleve loved to speak of the entire family a great stir was caused here by charlotte and young fontenay , for apparently they live with much extravagance and generosity to everyone , handing out coins as if they were nothing , and they appeared at the church here for mass with a retinue of negroes as they did in montcleve , which drew all eyes it is said also that they paid very well every doctor here whom they did consult with regard to antome 's affliction and there is much talk about the cause of this illness , as to whether it springs from the intense heat of the west indies , or is an old malady of which many europeans have suffered in ages past there is no doubt among these people as to the wealth of the fontenays , and they did have agents in this city for trade until very recently , but taking their departure here in great haste , before the arrest of deborah had become common knowledge , they broke their ties with the local agents , and no one knows where they have gone now , i have more to tell you maintaining myself at great expense as the rich dutch merchant , i managed to discover the name of a very gracious and beautiful young woman , of fine family , who was a friend to charlotte fontenay , a name mentioned in connection with that of charlotte whenever the name charlotte is mentioned in a conversation of any length saying only that i had known and loved deborah de montcleve in her youth in amsterdam , i managed to secure this lady 's trust , and learned more from her lips her name being jeanne angehque de roulet , she was at court during which time charlotte was at court , and they were presented to his majesty together jeanne de roulet , fearing nothing of the superstition in the mountains , avers that charlotte is of a beguiling and sweet disposition and could never be a witch she too lays it down to the ignorance of the mountamfolk that anyone could believe such a thing she has offered a mass for the repose of the soul of the unfortunate com ' sse as for antome , the lady 's impression of him is that he bears his illness with great fortitude , and indeed loves his wife and is not , all things taken into account , a poor companion to his wife however , the cause of their long journey home to deborah was that the young man may not now father any more children , so great is his weakness , and the one boy child now living , though very strong and healthy , may inherit the malady no one knows it was further stated that the father of antome , the master of the plantation , was in favor of the journey , so eager is he for male children through antome and so disapproving of his other sons , who are most dissolute and cohabit with their negro mistresses , rarely bothering to enter their father 's house this young woman by the way maintains a great devotion to charlotte and laments that charlotte did not take leave of her before sailing from marseille however , on account of the horrors in the cevennes , all is forgiven when asked why no one came to the defense of deborah in these recent proceedings , the woman had to confess that the comte de montcleve had himself never been to court , and neither had his mother , and that they had been huguenots at one time in their history , and that no one in paris knew the comtesse , that charlotte herself had been there only briefly , and that when the tale went round that deborah de montcleve was in fact the fatherless daughter of a scottish witch , a mere peasant by all accounts , outrage over her predicament turned to pity and finally to nothing at all ' ah , ' says the young woman , ' those mountains and those towns ' she herself is eager to return to paris , for what is there outside paris7 and who can hope to obtain favor or advancement if he or she is not in attendance upon the king7 that is all that i have time to write we sail within the hour stefan , must i make it more plain to you71 must see the girl , i must warn her against the spirit , and where , for the love of heaven , do you imagine , that this child , born eight months after deborah took leave of me in amsterdam , got her fair skin and her flaxen hair ?
she danced in front of me , with her hair blowing in the breeze , a lithesome figure against the dark glittering sea ah , such beauty more beautiful even than my deborah i looked down and saw the glass was in my left hand , most strange , and she was filling it once more , and i was so thirsty for it that i drank it down as if it were ale taking my arm once more , she pointed the way down a steep path , which led perilously close to the edge , but i could see a roof beyond and light and what seemed a whitewashed wall ' do you think i am ungrateful for what you ' ve told me7 ' she said in my ear ' i am grateful we must talk more of your father , the physician , and of the ways of those men ' ' i can tell you many things , but not so that you use them to do evil ' i looked about me , stumbling still , and trying to see the slaves who played the drums and the horn , for surely they were very near the music seemed to echo off the rocks and off the trunks of the trees ' ah , and so you do believe in evil1 ' she laughed ' you are a man of angels and devils , and you would be an angel , like the angel michael who drove the devils into hell ' she placed her arm about me so that i did not fall , her breasts crushed up against me , and her soft cheek touching my shoulder ' i do not like that music , ' i said ' why must they play it ? '
but my mother could not imagine such a thing .
i 'll tell you a very private thing about him .
but she loved judge mcintyre , she really did , and i 'll tell you another thing .
i tell you , richard , if you ever get ready to sell your soul , do n't bother to sell it to another human being it 's bad business to even consider such a thing ' ' juhen said so many strange things .
then he said a most curious thing , which 1 wrote down as soon as i returned to my hotel room .
and i do remember one thing he said .
' now do n't you tell me that story , now , gloria mayfair , you know i wo n't believe such a thing and shame on you for telling it ' and poor nancy with all she has on her mind , why , she 's a living saint and you know she is , if ever there was one ! '
' you know what she was up to7 i 'll tell you every sister in that convent felt that stella was her special little friend she led you to believe that she told you little secrets about herself , just as if she 'd never told them to another soul and she knew all about you , she did she knew things you 'd never told anyone , and she 'd talk to you about your secrets and your fears and the things you always wanted to tell someone , and she 'd make you feel better about it and later , hours later , or maybe even days later , you 'd think about it , think about what it had been like to be sitting there in the garden whispering with her , and you 'd know she was a witch ' she was from the devil and she was up to no good .
' i 'll tell you one thing she loved to do , and she never tired of it , and that was to tell stories to the other girls they 'd gather around her at big recess , and she 'd keep them hanging on her every word until the bell rang and such stories they were that she told them ghost stories of old plantation houses full of horrible secrets , and people foully murdered , and of voodoo in the islands long years ago she knew stories of pirates , oh , they were the worst , the things she would tell about the pirates it was positively shocking and all this had the ring of truth to it , to hear her tell it but you knew she had to be making it up what did she know of the thoughts and feelings of some group of poor souls on a captured galleon in the hours before a brute of a pirate made them walk the plank ?
' but the girls had nightmares from the things she told them and would n't you know it , the parents were coming and asking us , ' now , sister , where did my little girl ever hear such a thing ! '
' but the girls had nightmares from the things she told them and would n't you know it , the parents were coming and asking us , ' now , sister , where did my little girl ever hear such a thing ! '
' look , i do n't know what happened to him1 ' she said , and again began to cry ' i liked him i really did he was such a strange man we went to bed , you know ' langtry could n't think of a thing to say to such a frank admission even her disembodied voice proved somewhat charming and he was convinced that her tears were real .
he goes in there regularly to cut the grass , you know , and he said the weirdest thing when 1 called him he said , ' oh , he never bothers me .
not only did i not know this , i had never heard the faintest whisper of such a thing .
whatever they say about women being too emotional to be brain surgeons , no one would ever say such a thing about rowan .
i ' m so glad you 're here , you ca n't know how glad i am that you 're here , that you 're here with me in this house , and you understand all this , that you 're ... oh , it 's a terrible thing to say , but i ' m glad i ' m not in it alone .
could anyone now have explained such a thing ?
' god , how could you think of such a thing ? '
' what a strange thing to say . '
tell her the whole thing . '
' oh , that 's a dreadful thing to say , ' said magdalene angrily .
same thing . '
i think i said the wrong thing .
but it would be awful to say such a thing to him .
same thing earlier .
would you make such a thing as that ?
' i keep telling myself the same thing . '
and now you climb down my ladder and tell me the same thing .
` ` what was the last thing the dog said ? ''
` ` tell me , elias , '' herb said quietly , ` ` the most beautiful thing you know about god . ''
` ` mr . asher , '' the customs agent said , ` ` let me ask you some- thing .
` ` you know some- thing ? ''
first you say one thing and then you say another .
i 'll tell you one thing that might help .
leo appeared to be thinking rapidly , appraising the situation with what he enjoyed calling his next - stage - in - the - homo - sapiens - type - evolved - knowledge powers , or some such thing .
like shakespeare says , some damn thing about sticking a mere pin in through the armor , and goodbye king .
` ` what you said earlier about palmer eldritchc '' barney said , ` ` i only wanted to tell you one thing .
all this meant one thing : midnight had a shape , with ripples and rough spots .
but there was one thing everyone agreed on : there had been exactly twelve knives in the door .
the sentence had stuck with her , partly because it was about the stupidest thing she 'd ever read .
the last thing she needed was the same thing from rex .
she took every mean thing she 'd ever thought about melissa back because right here , right now , she was sitting and having tea with the biggest queen bitch of all time .
even the base - sixty thing did n't give her a headache anymore , as long as she did n't think too hard about it .
` ` if you do n't make her stop , i 'll tell melissa the thing i ' m not supposed to think about ! ''
but ... '' jonathan chewed his lip , which meant he did n't want to say the wrong thing .
jessica flinched , not wanting to imagine any such thing .
my instincts had been tracking this thing well , so far , so i trusted them when they told me one more thing - that cry was a statement .
` ` maybe you ca n't prove a damned thing . ''
the one guy we ' ve managed to grab wo n't tell us a damned thing .
i just know that my instincts screamed at me that it was the right thing to say , my voice infused with my will .
i could n't have told you a darn thing about what was going on behind that mask .
morgan dead at the hands of white council justice is one thing .
ebenezar felt the same thing i did .
` ` i think the same thing you do , '' ebenezar said .
there ca n't be any such thing . ''
if he does revive at the moratorium , he thought , that 'll be the first thing he says .
he knew it was the wrong thing to say - it horrified him to hear himself prattle out such an inanity .
pat conley said , ` ` the last thing you said to us , joe chip , back in new york , before you went off with hammond- '' ` ` i know what i said , '' joe said .
first you say one thing , then you say another .
' sorry , joe , ' he said ; that was the last thing he said to me and then he cut contact , stopped communicating , just canceled himself out .
of one thing i was absolutely positive : he 'd made a mistake .
but that was n't a thing you could say about yourself , especially not to a couple of bozos like these .
right then it was the only thing i did know .
` ` what gave you that ide ... '' then he said the thing i 'd been dreading , and put out the last tiny flicker of hope at the same time .
he had just enough time to remember the last thing brenda had said - take care of your pacemaker - and then it exploded in his chest with enough force to blow open his wildcats sweatshirt , which he 'd donned that morning in honor of this afternoon 's game .
rusty understood little of it , but he was clear on one thing : he was going to be working long past four o'clock .
she 'd gotten something else from him as well , a thing that should more properly have gone to the police .
' 1 wo n't tell you to keep quiet about any of this , ' he said , ' but i think you should hold one thing back . '
as dome day became day two , all the blogs were suggesting the same thing : the pony in this case was not terrorists , invaders from space , or great cthulhu , but the good old military - industrial complex .
at that moment , the only thing in the world he wanted was to get out of town .
rusty had thought the same thing about ed carty , who was suffering from end - stage stomach cancer , a week ago , and the man was still hanging in .
' that is the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard !
is n't that about the craziest thing you ' ve ever heard ? '
she had spoken at his funeral service nine years later , saying my father told me the most important thing i ' ve ever heard .
' i ' m sure the enemies of hitler said ppetty much the same thing .
' i 'll say one thing for you , you 're handy with the bullsh - ' barbie intercepted her three yards from where cox was standing and took her by the arms .
it was n't junior 's one more thing , but junior did not tell sam this any more than chief randolph had told wettington and morrison , who had ordered them to stay on station .
' my mom says the exact same thing . '
' one thing .
there were many things he was n't sure of just now - he felt like a man swimming in a sea of perplexity - but he felt sure of one thing : his wife thought somebody might be listening .
he laughed hard , as if this non sequitur was the wittiest thing to ever come out of his mouth .
' in my confabulation , brenda comes to see me and tells me that same thing .
the only thing he was sure of was that under no circumstances could big jim rennie learn of the generator .
and the one thing i always try to remember is that when you pray for what you want , god turns a deaf ear .
i know that sounds like sentimental slop - ' barbie said , ' millions of people all over the world believe that very thing .
' the one thing i ' m sure of is that there are other worlds than the ones we can see with our puny telescopes here on earth .
but sometimes in my dreams i still hear her saying that one thing : wear it home , it 'll look like a dress .
' ill take the hat but i wo n't tell her any such thing , ' pamela says quietly .
barbie could n't think of a thing to say .
` ` the thing that scares bluefingers so much .
you know the worst thing that can happen to a bodyguard ?
` ` not exactly the most pleasant thing to inform a newlywed wife , storyteller , '' lightsong noted .
the only thing lightsong could suppose , then , was that she was worried about what might happen to her if her husband killed himself .
i guess this is the first thing i 'd like to get across to you - that biochroma is complicated , and we really do n't understand most of it . ''
` ` i know one thing that you said is true , '' she said quietly .
lightsong had seen the same thing in the queen 's eyes .
` ` what was that first thing you taught me about awakening ? ''
i want to know , and i ' m not stopping at any gas station or lunch counter ; i ' ve got the distinct intuition that you really do intend to do me in or some such thing .
obviously i had said the wrong thing .
it was the first thing that popped into my mind ; it was inane .
` ` did i say the wrong thing ? ''
sniffling , she said , ` ` what an awful thing to say . ''
now i ' m telling you the same thing .
to the booth thing i said , ` ` say something out of shakespeare . ''
barrows was saying almost the same thing , muttering at pris in a dazed monotone .
` ` i believe you 're right in one thing , '' furuneo said .
` ` they mean the same thing ; i see . ''
right afterward you said you 'd been tangled with fanny mae , and you said a very odd thing . ''
it was probably the worst thing she could have said .
` ` better give me the whole thing . ''
that was a sobering sort of thing to hear , even for me .
` ` that 's what i said , '' priscilla said , her voice even more bitter , if such a thing was possible .
he was half convinced it would be gone , or that it would say something else ( mid - world toll road , perhaps , or beware of demons ) , but it was still there and still said the same thing .
one thing he felt quite sure of was that jake had been right on at least two counts - it was some kind of building , and it sprawled across all four lanes of the highway .
no such thing , she thought right back at him .
it was n't the worst thing she could think of , but bad enough .
i 'll share you one thing , though : there are too many horses in these parts , even for a barony renowned for its horseflesh .
that was the one thing he did know , and he knew it as well as he knew the face of his father : he wanted her .
we 'll know better when we see em , but i tell you one thing : we ca n't just put guns to the backs of their heads and drop them like broke - leg bosses if they see the wrong thing .
` ` he does n't interest me much ... but one thing he said does .
again and again he heard the last thing he had said to her , speaking in the stilted , priggish voice of a boy preacher .
she had agreed , and no matter how horrified pat delgado might have been at the fix she had gotten herself into , he would have seen one thing clear - she had made a promise , and promises must be kept .
but if aunt cord had been the sort of person to whom she could have said such a thing , susan would likely never have been impaled on this stick to begin with .
neither of them had ever said such a thing to roland in their lives , and once it was out , he 'd waited uneasily for whatever explosion might follow .
i expect walter told you the same thing . ''
` ` but i 'll tell you one thing , al : they 'll know we were here . ''
` ` only one thing i 'll say to ye on my own hook .
` ` tell you one thing , '' eddie said , ` ` this gives a whole new meaning to ' get it off your chest . '
` ` there 's a bad one , though , that means the same thing .
half the symbols and squiggles did n't make sense , but the fact they were there told her one thing .
you sure you did n't scare her with the ' big , bad , killer cyborg ' thing ? ''
what a male thing to say ! ''
the reference to farms could only mean one thing .
but of any loose dragons not a thing have i heard .
so that is a very stupid thing to say .
if he were a little dull and mulish when he was in drink and angry for his country 's humiliation , that was not the worst thing that could be said of a man .
if humpty dumpty 's death was an accident and so was dr . foster 's , tell me just one thing .
i do n't ever get accused of having too much imagination , but there 's one thing i 'd swear to .
then i erased the whole thing and wrote joseph .
it was true , and it was the kind of thing we all needed to hear .
maybe the whole ptsd thing was n't just an excuse .
i know it was the most terrifying thing i ' ve ever felt .
` ` only you have to promise me one thing . ''
` ` i wonder the very same thing , '' she answered .
` ` how dare you say such a thing ?
how was i to know such a thing ?
` ` funny thing to say , then . ''
it was n't the sort of thing a responsible engineer said .
there 's one thing you can say for air pollution , you get utterly amazing sunrises .
it was the first thing she had said in hours .
it seemed such a stupid thing to say .
the most important thing to know about the first two years of their marriage was this : they were pretty happy .
` ` whoever wrote this horrid thing . ''
` ` that the thing on that paper is the real portrait of our marriage at present , and what we ' ve got now is just a pretty picture .
it 's the only thing i ' ve ever written that has disturbed me .
the thing the narrator had said was this : that the infant children manson had fathered on the women of the family were sent to a variety of children 's homes for adoption , with court - given surnames that were certainly not manson .
` ` what about the other thing you said ? ''
while of the smaller brother it was murmured poor thing !
i ' m kinda busy right now- '' the thing that our thor had been holding at bay finally escaped his grasp .
and i ask one other thing .
i have one more thing to say .
he thought maybe the best thing he would ever write .
that u.s . constitution thing : the right to confront your accusers .
well , there have been moments over the years when i ' ve begun wondering that very thing : am i mad ?
` ` leonard wrote this frigging thing ! ''
` ` you can say any f**king thing you want and people will believe it .
kaneko said quietly , ` ` a thing can not be at once true and fiction : and this , i think , must be considered true , when it is the foundation of an alliance of two great nations . ''
` ` i should not like to think he or this general fela had any cause to believe such a thing , '' laurence added , ` ` -that we should be offering aid to these rebels ; much less any proof . ''
` ` i can not see why you would say such a thing , when you have not the least interest in doing anything , or even learning english : it seems to me you would do very well to stay here and help the crown prince , if he means to make better friends with your country . ''
and then , the dance done , he announced it was his turn again , and , because if there was one thing you could say about fat charlie 's father it was that he was secure in his heterosexuality , he sang ` ` i am what i am '' to the room , but particularly to the blondest tourist on the table just below him .
you should hear the things that come out of your mouth , '' said daisy , cheerfully .
which was an odd thing to say , and then he said , ` ` of course i do .
for he was n't the least bit fat - put his arm around her and said , ` ` now , you 're coming back to my place , '' in a voice so deep and real it made her abdomen vibrate ; and she said nothing about working the next day , nothing about there 'd be time enough for that kind of thing when they were married , nothing at all , in fact , while all the time she thought about how much she did n't want the evening to end , and how very very much she wished - no , she needed - to kiss this man on the lips , and to hold him .
` ` sure , tell me the strangest thing .
there had been arguments in the press about whether or not she was the real thing , many of them pointing to things she wrote that could only have been known to an actual member of the british royal family , or to someone who read the glossy gossip magazines .
i ' m happy to pay for it , all the money i ' m saving on the wedding after all- '' that may have been the wrong thing to say .
now he thought about it , it seemed an odd sort of thing to say .
the thing they do n't tell you about coffins in the literature , because frankly it 's not much of a selling point to the people who are buying them , is just how comfortable they are .
of course , my mom was the first thing that popped into my head .
not that either of us would ever admit to such a thing .
` ` they wo n't listen to a damn thing you say . ''
i said the same thing , '' tarea said .
for the last thirty minutes , the screen had said the same thing : searching ...
the only thing we know for sure is that it was a change in brain wiring , possibly a change in how we used language and communicated .
` ` i said the same thing when your father gave me the same speech . ''
it all added up to the same thing : failed research , no viable therapy for immunity to the bell , and no time left on the clock .
` ` the only thing we know for sure is this : that thing is some form of man .
a chamber of curiosities : there 's one final thing i wish to tell you .
she said the only thing she could .
the mutation 's origins are a mystery , but one thing is certain : the bone marrow transplant with ccr5 - delta 32 cured both brown 's leukemia and hiv .
` ` have n't you read that thing two dozen times ?
he was the closest thing she 'd had to a father .
` ` and one more thing : i will follow your orders . ''
i know what the whole thing means .
` ` there 's one last thing i have n't told you all .
` ` sure thing , mom .
the most important thing i learned is who i truly am .
before you transfer that money , you better make sure you ask yourself the same thing .
one thing you can say about trump tower , like most high - rises , the security is not lax .
and there 's one more thing i 'd tell them .
and every day my stella said the same strange thing , paused there at the door .
the other thing he figured out was something no one else had thought of .
at some point , grace , we 're really saying the same thing .
` ` one thing i know .
he 'd heard the infuriating thing a thousand times during the trek here .
he had been frightened for her , his heart squeezed into a tight ball , but he had been unable to voice such a thing aloud .
regardless of the answer , she knew one thing for sure .
` ` only one thing ... it 's part of the reason i called you .
but i can tell you one thing that makes all the hassles of modern civilized life worth it . ''
after four years of not knowing , nate had learned one thing .
though he had no way of knowing , nate knew one thing for certain .
he knew only one thing for certain .
that was a stupid thing to say . ''
she knew only one thing for certain .
that could only mean one thing ... ` ` we have the woman and your teammate .
to have an hourglass show up here can only mean one thing . ''
she was certain of only one thing .
perhaps he had said the wrong thing .
` ` one thing you ' ve yet to make clear .
` ` then that only means one thing . ''
for the moment , he knew only one thing for certain .
gray knew only one thing for certain .
she would n't even turn , only asked one last thing of him , spoken softly , a lifeline thrown back toward him .
but her project also offered one thing more .
he offered the only thing he could with his last breath .
perhaps pyotr thought the same thing .
maybe he would never know her name , not truly , but monk knew one thing with all his heart : if she 'd let him , he would spend the rest of his life learning who she was all over again .
either way , i know only one thing for sure . ''
waldorf must have realized the same thing .
amanda shook her head , aghast at such a thing .
maybe those were two ways of saying the same thing .
there was a response , the right thing to say .
` ` the weapons panel is sayin ' the same thing , cap , '' alex said .
it was the first thing he 'd said since the firefight ended , and he repeated it five or six more times in quick succession .
holden knew they were all thinking the same thing .
every now and then , all through his career , some daydreamed witness would say something , use some phrase , laugh at the wrong thing , and he 'd know that the back of his mind had a new angle on the case .
i ' ve been through a lot of hearings about one damn thing and another .
it was the kind of thing detective miller would have said .
what i said was the kind of thing you say when you 're not in a hurry to wave your gun around . ''
in any new assignment , bobbie had always had the unsettling feeling that she was in over her head , that she would n't know how to do any of the things they would ask her to do , that she would dress wrong or say the wrong thing , or that everyone would hate her .
going down in a fight 's one thing .
i mean , the thing you have to understand about ganymede ... '' once he started on the subject , it was hard for him to stop .
not the message she 'd sent him tonight , but the last thing she said the night the tube broke down .
` ` the thing people have to remember is that the ring is n't magical , '' the martian woman said .
you ' ve been doing your random appearing act for almost a year now , and you ' ve never said even one thing that made sense .
ashford was n't one thing or another .
she said , and nami laughed as though this was the funniest thing ever spoken .
privately , bull thought the same thing , but with a different inflection .
the smile he aimed at monica was indistinguishable from the real thing .
sometimes she would know some simple thing that all of them had known once , and only she had n't forgotten .
the kind of thing her father would have said .
ashford had said the same thing , word for word .
saying the thing out loud and then acknowledging it drained the tension out of the air .
the whole thing spilled into anna 's mind feeling very much like relief .
makes this whole thing about how it was n't you that blew the shit out of the seung un that much easier for people to believe . ''
the best thing bull could say after reading sam 's report and consulting with the doctors and his own remaining security forces was that the behemoth had weathered the storm better than some of the other ships .
` ` well , it was n't the worst thing i ' ve ever heard , '' tilly said once the service was over .
` ` it 's just the sort of thing the enemy would say to trick us . ''
` ` the first thing you have to accept in the intelligence business is that you never have the complete picture .
she knew only one thing for sure .
used to be the job was one thing .
` ` needed someone to help her , picked a wrong crew , said a wrong thing , and instead of keeping her secrets for free , gentleman sold 'em . ''
han could see from her eyes that she was thinking the same thing .
` ` same thing as always .
` ` mediator , '' holden said , his tone letting murtry know that as far as he was concerned , it meant the same thing .
one thing he 'd said was once is never .
` ` the one thing that is not going to happen here , doctor ?
` ` same thing prax 's daughter had .
` ` pretty much the shittiest thing we have to offer for someone we all love , but it 's what we got left . ''
` ` your brother wanted to know the same thing .
` ` i came to ask the same thing , '' elvi said .
especially since the closest thing he had to a full staff was down on the planet with murtry .
the one thing that all of them were thinking .
and the one thing murtry told me that made me really think is that we 're beyond the borders of civilization right now .
` ` last thing he said to me was , ' i 'll call you tonight from the hotel , sweetheart , ' and i tried to tell him good - bye and that i loved him , but the call dropped . ''
` ` tell me one thing , '' he said .
same thing had happened to him in iraq - a heightened level of sensory intake always seemed to hit him in the ramp - up to missions that ultimately went to shit .
it was n't the kind of thing he could say to theresa ( with people listening ) , but he 'd often thought that out of all the terrible hardships attendant to their life in pines - no privacy , no freedom , the ever - present threat of death - this daily milk from the dairy in the southeast corner of the valley had to be the one bright spot .
` ` first honest thing you ' ve said to me .
he 'd been told that very thing over and over during his integration .
` ` i want to say one last thing about how we 're going to move .
they were out of time , and despite being married to a secret service agent , she did n't know the first thing about firearms .
i could tell you the same damn thing . ''
that 's the only thing you really have to fear . ''
` ` i was about to say the same thing , '' seth complained .
here 's the thing -- -if we succeed , we do n't just save the world .
` ` i ' ve wondered the same thing , '' grandma said .
` ` one thing i 'll say - that stone shines almost as brightly as you do . ''
i know a thing or two , muriel continued , tapping her temple .
` ` i ... can not ... remember ... '' ` ` what is the first thing you do remember ? ''
the things she 'd said to her friends ... an armorer set out his boots , and adolin stepped into them , feeling them click into place .
you 're getting the whole ' important lighteyes ' thing down .
` ` same thing you are , '' kaladin said .
that was , of course , the exact thing dalinar had asked when she 'd shown him the concepts .
it was the wrong thing to say , and she knew it the moment it came out of her mouth .
i will say no more of this thing . ''
this thing is true .
but as the tears began again , she forced out the first thing that came to mind .
knowing what i do of uncle sebarial , i doubt that such a thing is particularly surprising from him .
` ` but i 'll tell you one thing .
from you , my friend , i want one thing .
adolin nodded , as if that had been the wisest thing a man had ever said , before riding back to check on shallan in her palanquin .
his father had said the same thing time and time again .
` ` sure thing , sugar , '' she said .
` ` that ... is the weirdest thing anyone has ever told me . ''
everyone was thinking the same thing , regardless of whether or not they would say it .
i figured it was mostly the fever speaking , but even still , i have this habit of saying things without really thinking about them , and with you being new to this whole socializing thing ... '' he trailed off , his arm tightening around her waist .
the silence was unbearable , but kai could n't think of a single thing to say .
she shrugged , as if this were a perfectly normal thing to say .
then , realizing that was a stupid thing to say , she attempted to stand straighter .
that was n't the sort of thing i could say here .
riley laughed like that was the funniest thing he 'd ever heard and pulled me into another hug .
` ` that 's a terrible thing to say .
` ` i thought the concubine thing was just an insult because you spoke on behalf of the troika . ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing we 're not doing tomorrow .
seeing that huge pile of journals , this was another thing i thought of : that he had been wrong for the eleventh expedition because of this quality .
she had written things on them , personal things that spoke to remembrance , until i realized that the maps must show places she had visited or lived .
to await the next thing .
the kind of thing his father used to say .
knew wyte was thinking the same thing .
a folded up note from sintra , the first and almost only thing she 'd ever written to him .
knew they were thinking the same thing .
` ` that 's the craziest thing i have ever heard in my life .
the first thing sybel said to me was , ` ` you need me .
` ` there 's a difference , '' bonmot said , although i ' ve wondered ever since how he could know such a thing , without having seen what i ' ve seen , down there .
` ` so can a tree , sybel , '' i said , which was probably the wrong thing to say . }
` ` that 's a rough thing to say . ''
i said the only thing i could say : ` ` we ' ve always done good work for you .
` ` that is the first thing that you have to say ? ''
that was a deflating sort of thing to say - true , probably , but deflating all the same .
what an asinine thing that was to say .
' there is n't any such thing , ' belzedar scoffed .
it was a spiteful thing to say , i 'll grant you , but her calm indifference to the death of over half my species offended me .
i 'll tell you one thing , though . '
it was a polite thing to say , but i do n't think my master had been any fonder of the previous gorim than i 'd been .
' that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard in my life . '
' i ' ve regretted many things in me long , long life , do n't y ' know , but i 'll be after tellin ' y ' one thing , darlin ' .
it was a silly thing to say , but i had to say something .
- somehow he always knew what the most insulting thing he could say would be .
everybody who saw her said exactly the same thing .
' well , yes , i know , but time does n't mean the same thing to you people as it does to us .
' it means the same thing .
is n't that the most ridiculous thing you ever heard of ?
it was the easy thing to say , but it was n't true .
i know it 's an unnatural thing to suggest , but in this particular situation , ctuchik might turn out to be our most valuable ally . '
' drunken little weasel ' was probably the kindest thing i heard said of him .
' i never said no such thing . '
that 's about the only thing we ' ve got to offer him right now .
the one thing i did n't tell him had to do with the fact that dust keeps right on settling and web - spinning spiders are the busiest creatures in the world .
' well , he stole it from the master , but it amounts to the same thing , i guess .
it was in 4051 when the grave sensibility greying hair seems to bestow upon even the silliest of men brought geran and me to the closest thing i think we ever had to an argument .
about the best thing you can say about the life of a nomad is the fact that he does n't stay in one place long enough for his garbage pile to overwhelm him .
this is n't the sort of thing a physician really wants to hear .
he says the same thing about old twister .
but i 'll tell y ' one thing fer certain sure . '
' your father used to say almost exactly the same thing , ' berit recalled .
' that 's a spiteful thing to say , sephrenia , ' aphrael accused .
' that 's a hateful thing to say . '
' what a nice thing to say . '
' we are pack - mates , and you said a thing to me that was not so . '
it makes me not - glad that you said the thing that was not so to me , u - lat . '
' i said a thing which i did not know .
' what a lovely thing to say . '
' we ' ve received any number of reports , ' foreign minister oscagne said , ' but they were all couched in generalities - ` ` the war 's over , and we won '' - that sort of thing .
' what a thing to say , your excellency , ' ehlana protested mildly in nearly perfect tamul .
' do you remember every single thing you ' ve ever read - word for word ? '
i 'll tell you one thing , though .
' well , your majesty , ' she said , blushing even harder , ' as i understand what milord stragen just said , those people wanted to hide things that were written down , so they wrote new papers and put them in place of the ones they did n't want us to see . '
' it means the same thing , does n't it ? '
that 's the most shocking thing i ' ve ever heard in my whole life ! '
' you can stop doing that , for one thing , ' kalten told her , gently separating her hands .
if he says the wrong thing , it could all fall apart again . '
' that 's a contemptible thing to say . '
it was a ridiculous thing to say , but sparhawk was badly shaken .
' ambassador oscagne said more or less the same thing .
' he 's saying one thing to the nobles and another to the serfs . '
' did that important thing you mentioned get said ? '
' i have a friend who says the same thing about our eosian church , ' sparhawk said cautiously .
` ` lazy '' is about the kindest thing he says about them .
' i ' ve heard any number of enlightened people say exactly the same thing .
she said it in almost the same tone of voice sephrenia had always used when saying exactly the same thing .
' i ' ve said much the same thing to my fellow - novices , lord vanion , ' khalad said politely .
' probably the same thing that happens to ugly children in our society , ' stragen shrugged .
she 's ensured one thing , let me tell you . '
' that 's a hateful thing to say , sparhawk , ' she flared .
' that 's a spiteful thing to say , father . '
' since it means the same thing , why quibble over terminology ? '
garion and ce'nedra exchanged a quick look , both of them remembering how often each of them had said approximately the same thing in the same tone early in their marriage .
i can tell you one thing , though . '
' aunt pol said exactly the same thing .
' that may just be the most irrational thing i ' ve ever heard anyone say , garion .
' i ' ve been thinking sort of the same thing , ' garion admitted .
' that 's a spiteful thing to say , garion , ' durnik reproved .
' ` ` it seems to me that i ' ve heard kheldar say the same thing . ''
` ` is n't it remarkable that kasvor just happened to remember the one thing you really had to know ?
` ` because if i tell you certain things , the other spirit will be free to tell other things to zandramas - like the location of the place which is no more , for instance . ''
that 's the thing we really have to know . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as positive , '' beldin replied , automatically , it seemed .
` ` a fellow we ran into was saying exactly the same thing , '' garion told him .
about the last thing she told the crowds before she left was that she was going to be the bride of this new god she 's been talking about .
` ` because there 's no such thing as an empty place , uncle .
` ` i was thinking the same thing myself . ''
` ` agachak -the hierarch of rak urga- believes the same thing , '' garion told him .
` ` i ' ve said the exact same thing about commerce , '' he said .
it means the same thing , does n't it ? ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , though , '' he added .
` ` it means the same thing , does n't it ? ''
` ` there are two prophecies - two sides of the same thing .
` ` you 'd be amazed at how many people have told me the same thing today , '' garion murmured .
` ` what a nice thing for you to say .
distance does n't seem to mean the same thing there as it does here .
` ` that 's a very naughty thing to say , zith , '' sadi gently reproved her .
` ` agachak and i agree on one thing , though .
` ` why , belgarath , '' silk said mildly , ` ` what a thing to say . ''
i can tell you one thing , though .
` ` in some ways it was always was the closest thing i had to a permanent home -at least until now . ''
it 's in different places on each of us , but it means the same thing . ''
about the last thing belar said to the alorns before the gods departed was that they should lead the kingdoms of the west against the people of torak .
` ` lt 's not the kind of thing you can put into words . ''
` ` is it possible that they are using the two words to mean the same thing ? ''
` ` i ' m told that many people prefer not to believe that kind of thing about their parents , but it does happen now and again .
it seemed like such an inadequate thing to say .
` ` why , polgara , '' he said mockingly , ` ` what a thing to say . ''
` ` anheg said the same thing just before jarviksholm , '' barak noted .
i can tell you one thing about him , though .
garion clearly heard and felt the rushing surge that could only mean one thing .
about the only thing i did n't tell you was that i found another way as well .
get one thing very clear , annias .
' why , sarathi , ' she protested , ' what a thing to say . '
that 's the closest thing to adoration i ' ve ever seen on his face .
a thousand things suddenly clicked into place in sparhawk 's mind , things that had never really been explained before .
` ` aslade says the same thing . ''
` ` we were saying the same thing just a few minutes ago , '' tynian agreed , also sitting .
' princess arissa said almost the same thing . '
in styricum , that can only mean one thing .
the pure lamb , obviously , symbolized the blessed eshand himself , and the fact that the lamb was horned could only mean one thing - that eshand had been chosen to chastise the church for her iniquity ' ' how mysterious are the ways of god , ' sparhawk marvelled .
` ` that means the same thing , does n't it ? ''
one thing you should always remember .
` ` that was the last thing i expected from her .
` ` that 's the saddest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' skell declared .
all right , it was a silly thing to say , but it was just too good an opportunity to let slip by .
` ` that 's a nasty sort of thing to say . ''
` ` lady zelana 's brother 's going to tell us some things about his part of this country , '' he said , ` ` and the cap'n wants you two to sit in .
` ` it 's a nicer word than ' thieves , ' i guess , but it means the same thing when you get right down to the bottom of it .
` ` there 's one thing i ' ve been meaning to ask you , though .
i ' m sure that aracia 's temple - town is the closest thing to a city in the entire land of dhrall .
' the main thing i ' ve learned about longbow is never to try to beat him - at anything . '
' it looks to me like there 's one thing they did n't learn , ' danal observed .
` ` why , bunny , '' eleria said in mock chagrin , ` ` what a thing to say .
` ` that was a silly thing to say , you know , '' had been her first words to him .
` ` dahlaine said the same thing , but yaltar definitely said ' balacenia ' when he spoke of her .
` ` there 's no such thing as coincidence , friend longbow .
` ` that 's a rotten thing to say , longbow , '' red - beard flared .
` ` he was honest about one thing though .
aunt pol was standing as if locked in place , her eyes wide as she stared in stunned disbelief at the still form of durnik the smith , who lay crumpled on the floor , and whose face had that deadly pale cast to it that could only mean one thing .
` ` that 's a rotten thing to say , '' garion accused the little man .
his eyes told her one thing , but his mouth said something else .
` ` the one thing you all must remember is to pay close attention to anything porenn tells you .
` ` you may think that i ' m just here to make some pretty little speech , but what i ' ve come to say to you is the most important thing you 'll ever hear .
do n't say one thing and mean another .
` ` we met a tolnedran a few leagues west of here who said the same sort of thing , '' silk said seriously .
` ` i want one thing clearly understood right here and now , '' silk announced , planting his feet firmly .
` ` there 's no such thing , polgara .
several things clicked into place in garion 's mind simultaneously as wolf turned on him coldly .
that was the one thing garion had feared .
` ` i ' ve told him the same thing myself , '' torasin declared with scathing contempt , ` ` but there 's no reasoning with him .
` ` an easy thing to say , chamdar . ''
it was probably the closest thing he 'd ever get to an apology from her .
that was the one thing i was afraid of .
` ` that 's exactly the sort of thing i meant , '' wolf replied blandly .
he was convinced , however , that a part of the whole thing at least was true .
` ` that 's a cheery thing to say , '' silk observed dryly from nearby .
` ` that 's an unseemly thing to say . ''
i ' ve had dozens of them tell me the same thing .
and of course , the moment i was out of his presence , i thought of all sorts of cool , smart things i could have said to put him in his place .
` ` i did n't promise any such thing , '' i told him .
in fact , she urged us to wait until first thing the next morning to call on miss ashton , when we would more likely find her at home .
` ` i admit no such thing .
miss stoker wherein our heroines crash a party ` ` what a nonsensical thing for a spirit to say , '' mina remarked dryly as we drove away . ` `
i did n't even look at grayling , for had n't he said the same dratted thing ?
that was the one thing that niggled at me , the one thing i could n't accept .
but i could n't think of anything else to say other than one last thing .
i 'd probably made the whole thing up in my mind just to move past the pain that was tearing me up inside , but a piece of me felt like kowi was in good hands now , on his way to heaven or wherever it was that my dad was waiting for me .
but do n't say one thing and do another .
and the whole thing is offensive too , now that i think about it .
` ` kirsten , bodo had some interesting things to say to me about his stay at your place .
i saw their faces and knew that being with celia was the best thing we could offer them right now .
` ` i can promise you one thing .
an uncomfortable silence fell over us , so i said the first thing that came to mind , trying to change the subject .
i hated that coli had caused me to question every single thing i did or said near a guy now .
for some reason she instantly made me feel a little less scared about the whole thing , calling me baby .
` ` one thing i can say about you , bryn ... is life is never boring with you in it . ''
you 'll probably hate me in a second anyway when i say one last thing . ''
i had n't thought of it before , even though fohi 'd said that stupid thing about me being a chiefesse .
` ` let 's get one thing straight : i ' m not getting kicked out of this place .
it sounded too personal to mean anything but the most awful thing i could imagine .
i looked at kiersten , trying to gauge her reaction to the whole thing .
kiersten said one last thing before walking away and leaving us to sober bodo up .
and the most positive thing anyone can think to consider is which would be a better way to die - by the hands of another kid or a killer virus that wiped out most of the human population .
` ` let 's figure out one thing at a time , '' said kowi .
i said the first thing that jumped into my head .
a part of me was thinking that i should sit here and listen to every awful thing that celia had to say , as a way of making things better for her .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , bodo .
i just wanted to feel more of him , and he was apparently thinking the same thing .
` ` what was that thing i heard you say when you got up ? ''
trying to trick me into saying da wrong thing . ''
practitioners of krav maga know one thing : you do what you need to do to win .
that was the last thing i remember saying before drifting off into an uncomfortable sleep , tiny pieces of gravel digging into the skin of my arm .
togetherness was one thing - but certain stuff was better kept private , and this was one thing i knew i never needed to share .
the first thing that came to mind was the fact that bodo was really going to slow us down until we found him a bike .
it was the last thing i had expected her to ask me for .
i was thinking the exact same thing .
` ` if you 're here to plead your case , i 'll tell you the same thing i told kowi . ''
` ` i was n't there , but peter told me the whole thing .
as my teacher , socrates , said before , ' i am the wisest man alive , for i know one thing , and that is that i know nothing . '
after all , for a split second , dak had actually thought the same thing .
` ` and that 's the sweetest thing anyone has ever said , '' riq added .
all dak could do was look up at the soldiers and say the first thing that popped into his head .
one look at sera and the light in her eyes showed she was thinking the same thing .
it seemed like an odd thing to say , but sera felt a little disoriented herself .
` ` that 's the single coolest thing i ' ve ever read in my entire life .
reading that letter had made him absolutely certain of one thing : there was just no way he could pretend to be another person .
he cringed - what a stupid thing to say .
no matter how bad things got , there was one thing in the universe as certain as the sun rising in the east and people kicking the bucket when they got old : bryson would keep gaming .
` ` dumb thing to say when your ... '' he did n't need to finish .
i just assumed you heard the same thing i did . ''
it seemed an odd thing to say .
` ` they 're eating her , '' bryson whispered , and michael realized it was the creepiest thing he 'd ever said .
for her to say such a thing made him wonder if she could possibly understand what was at stake .
a small , stupid thing , but it made michael hate him just a little bit more .
` ` you ca n't tell me she gave us that lance thing and lifted out of the sleep , and then suddenly other people took over .
but because it was the single most frightening thing he 'd ever heard .
generations of capering fools in motley have won me the right to dress badly and say any damn thing that comes into my head . ''
` ` the very thing i asked myself . ''
it was the one thing she could never forgive him .
sansa sucked in her breath , shocked that even arya would say such a thing , but her sister prattled on , heedless .
he says one thing , she says another . ''
it was not a thing that was ever said of arya .
do you know the first thing about sword fighting ? ''
` ` one thing , '' ned told him .
that was the saddest thing , the thing that tore at her afterward ... the way he smiled .
` ` at the least , they will say ... this last thing ... this i did right .
i wish father was here ... ` ` that was the one thing they could agree on , bran and rickon and robb the lord ; they all wished father was here .
` ` the children of the forest could tell you a thing or two about dreaming . ''
` ` i heard the same thing from my cousin , and she 's not the sort to lie , '' an old woman said .
he 'd meant to sound encouraging , but it was the wrong thing to say .
` ` it is a hard thing to tell a man , my lord .
she talked , but she only said one thing .
` ` pretty thing , and such a bad liar .
that was usually a good thing to say .
one thing only may be asked , but whatever is named may not be denied . ''
` ` one thing , '' she repeated .
you would need to be as mad as patchface to believe such a thing . ''
tyrion lannister had said much the same thing as they rode through the mountains of the moon , catelyn remembered .
that was always the best thing to say .
` ` what 's that ugly thing on your chest ? ''
` ` that is true , '' said jojen , ` ` and a wise thing to say , if the days were still growing longer ... but they are n't .
i never knew there was such agony in the world , was the last thing he remembered thinking .
catelyn doubted very much that lord walder had said any such thing , or that he had ever lost his heart to beauty .
wildlings fought like heroes or demons , depending on who you talked to , but it came down to the same thing in the end .
` ` maela , '' some called her while others cried ` ` aelalla '' or ` ` qathei '' or ` ` tato , '' but whatever the tongue it all meant the same thing .
that was the thing i feared most .
why must they misunderstand every bloody thing he did ?
they broke their fast in silence , until sandor said , ` ` this thing about your mother ... ` ` ` ` it does n't matter , '' arya said in a dull voice .
varys confirmed tyrion 's midnight visit to grand maester pycelle 's chambers and the theft of his poisons and potions , confirmed the threat he 'd made to cersei the night of their supper , confirmed every bloody thing but the poisoning itself .
` ` i would have told him the same thing for half a cup . ''
must i spell every little thing out for you ?
that was the worst thing you could have said , sweetling .
` ` that other one , the pimply boy , he said the same thing . ''
a stupid thing to say .
josmyn peckleton was saying the same thing .
it may have been the only true thing that she ever said to me .
he had said the same thing to lanna , cat had heard , and to one of the whores at the cattery , and even to the nightingale the night he played at the house of seven lamps .
` ` and the third thing ? ''
that was the best thing she had heard since the high sparrow had said no .
his uncle gerion thought that was the funniest thing he had ever heard , but his uncle tygett said , ` ` the last dragon died a century ago , lad . ''
he might have flayed his face off for some of the things reek had said , before he 'd learned his true name and proper place .
just saying a thing does not make it true .
the red city was the closest thing to hell he ever hoped to know .
` ` this thing is true , your grace , '' the eunuch confirmed .
` ` ser jorah dreams of rescuing his dragon queen and basking in her gratitude , but i know a thing or two about the gratitude of kings , and i 'd sooner have a palace in valyria . ''
come - into - my - castle was a game for highborn children , one meant to teach them courtesy , heraldry , and a thing or two about their lord father 's friends and foes .
` ` one thing i am certain of .
the fifth was a little thing , with straight black hair and golden skin .
later the squinter said the same thing , of someone else .
` ` i ... am sorry , '' she stammered , thinking it might be an appropriate thing to say .
instead , the only thing i manage is , ` ` fine .
i look into his eyes and say the first thing that comes to mind .
i know she 's thinking the same thing i am .
i could hear it in the elector 's voice , and then you said that weird thing to me the other day , about how you were afraid the republic 's soldiers would come knocking on our door ... why would they do that all of a sudden ?
i try to think of the right thing to say to her to fill this awkward silence , but instead i question the others .
i decide to try out the first thing that pops into my head .
they shout out the same thing .
i ' m not sure if it 's true , but it seems like the best thing to say .
she sounds impatient about it , like she 's spent the entire day convincing everyone else of the same thing .
what a stupid , stupid thing for me to say .
still , i wonder if he would ' ve said the same thing a few weeks ago , before everything that had happened to his family .
i say the only thing i can think of that he probably wo n't question .
yeah , i definitely said the wrong thing .
i feel a sudden compulsion to chase her , to make sure she 's safe - and then i remember the last thing she said to me .
` ` there 's one last thing i 'd like to tell you in private , '' the doctor goes on .
because they were true and because someone else said practically the same thing to me : you 're not the only one who 's lost everything .
he could n't kill a ... a ... '' i tried to think of the proper thing he had the strength to kill , but the only thing my hungry , sleep - deprived brain could come up with was mayfly , which would have been a really , really bad choice of words .
ben and i were thinking the same thing : twenty minutes after our hearing the chopper , li'l miss megan appeared on our doorstep .
' my throat hurts ' is a very weird thing for a freezing , malnourished kid to say the minute she shows up . ''
` ` her showing up out of the blue like this could mean a lot of things , but none of those things could be a good thing .
not the thing to say .
` ` why would they suspect such a thing ? ''
i shouted in his ear , ` ` just tell me one thing , and for once in your ten - thousand - year - old life be honest .
if he was trying to secretly communicate with me and vosch figured it out , i ' m sure vosch 's response would be one thing and only one thing .
it 's the only thing that makes sense .
` ` you ' ve said the same thing , madame , '' he said .
they would deprive you of everything they could , dear madame , marie - josephe thought , but she could not say such an irreverent thing out loud .
though she had said - feared - the same thing , marie - josephe thought it politic to change the subject .
he will refuse me , marie - josephe thought , and once again i ' ve said the wrong thing .
` ` i 'd never think such a thing . ''
` ` i never believed any such thing , sire , '' marie - josephe exclaimed , horrified .
the truth does n't matter - '' ` ` yves , how can you say such a thing ? ''
it explains all the dust , is the first thing seth really thinks .
` ` gayest thing you ' ve ever said , mate . ''
she and tomasz are trying to get him standing again , but the thing , the important thing , it 's right on the tip of his tongue , it 's - ` ` valentine , '' he says .
he grips on to the one thing that feels absolutely sure .
` ` and how was i supposed to tell you a thing like that ?
` ` this is very nice thing for him to say . ''
` ` this is not an amusing thing to say , mr . seth , '' tomasz says .
` ` or mine , '' h says , offering the same thing .
` ` i swear to god , if you say one more philosophical thing to me - '' ` ` it saved my life . ''
there 's just no such thing as silence .
so the thing to remember , the thing that 's most important of all that i might say in this here telling of things is that noise ai n't truth , noise is what men want to be true , and there 's a difference twixt those two things so big that it could ruddy well kill you if you do n't watch out .
so the thing to remember , the thing that 's most important of all that i might say in this here telling of things is that noise ai n't truth , noise is what men want to be true , and there 's a difference twixt those two things so big that it could ruddy well kill you if you do n't watch out .
it 's what 's true and what 's believed and what 's imagined and what 's fantasized and it says one thing and a completely opposite thing at the same time and even tho the truth is definitely in there , how can you tell what 's true and what 's not when yer getting everything ?
it 's what 's true and what 's believed and what 's imagined and what 's fantasized and it says one thing and a completely opposite thing at the same time and even tho the truth is definitely in there , how can you tell what 's true and what 's not when yer getting everything ?
one month 's time is the first thing it says- and here comes my birthday- the day i 'll become a man- and- and- and there it all is- what happens- what the other boys did who became men- all alone- all by themselves- how every last bit of boyhood is killed off- and- and- and what actually happened to the people who- holy crap- and i do n't want to say no more about it .
goes the loudest thing i ever heard in prentisstown , like something 's blowing right up , right on up to the sky .
yet another thing i only ever saw in a vid or noise .
which is the stupidest thing to say of all cuz she can hear my noise , ca n't she ?
of everything coming back to one thing .
the words sound different in her accent but they mean the same damn thing and my noise can only say probably but i make it so my mouth says , ` ` i do n't know . ''
` ` and if that 's where yer from- '' then the girl speaks up and says that thing that suddenly makes me think of her as viola and not the girl any more .
i hear every stupid thing you think , all right ?
which is the wrong thing to say .
and was what he showed me in his noise right there at the end a true thing ?
it 's weird , noise , but almost wordless , cresting the hill in front of us and rolling down , single - minded but talking in legions , like a thousand voices singing the same thing .
the only truth i got is what comes outta her mouth and so for a second back there , when she said she was hildy and i was ben and we were from farbranch and she spoke just like wilf ( even tho he ai n't from farbranch ) it was like all those things became true , just for an instant the world changed , just for a second it became made of viola 's voice and it was n't describing a thing , it was making a thing , it was making us different just by saying it .
the only truth i got is what comes outta her mouth and so for a second back there , when she said she was hildy and i was ben and we were from farbranch and she spoke just like wilf ( even tho he ai n't from farbranch ) it was like all those things became true , just for an instant the world changed , just for a second it became made of viola 's voice and it was n't describing a thing , it was making a thing , it was making us different just by saying it .
the only truth i got is what comes outta her mouth and so for a second back there , when she said she was hildy and i was ben and we were from farbranch and she spoke just like wilf ( even tho he ai n't from farbranch ) it was like all those things became true , just for an instant the world changed , just for a second it became made of viola 's voice and it was n't describing a thing , it was making a thing , it was making us different just by saying it .
` ` i 'll kill you , '' i say , the wind stealing my words but i know he can hear me cuz i can hear every last thing he 's saying .
but guessing a thing ai n't knowing a thing .
cuz the thing ben showed me back when i left our farm , the way that a boy in prentisstown becomes a man , the reason that boys who ' ve become men do n't talk to boys who are still boys , the reason that boys who ' ve become men are complicit in the crimes of prentisstown is- it's- and i make myself say it- it 's by killing another man .
` ` first thing we need to do is get dry , okay ? ''
and then i remember- i remember ben- i remember ben saying the same thing to me- ben who i lost- and my noise hardens , right there .
but not one of 'em says a thing back .
` ` todd , '' i say and i ' m crying and the only thing i can say is his name .
maddy 's father 's weeping noise is the saddest thing i think i ' ve ever heard .
he do n't finish his sentence cuz it 's the same thing we 're all thinking , the thing that 's in everyone 's noise .
he do n't finish his sentence cuz it 's the same thing we 're all thinking , the thing that 's in everyone 's noise .
which is exactly the kinda thing i ' ve learned to ignore from davy .
one indefinable , snuffling , snoring roar , almost quiet , if such a thing could be .
and i ' m thinking , i really do n't know- unless the thing she told me about the east road- ` ` i ' m waiting , viola . ''
i hear- i look down- davy 's looking up at me- his noise swirling- swirling with askings and confuzhun and fear- and todd ? - todd ? - i ' m sorry- i ' m sorry- ` ` davy , don't- '' i start to say- but his noise is still swirling- and i see- i see- i see the truth- here at the last- he 's showing me the truth- the thing he 's been hiding from me- about ben- all in a messy rush- pictures of ben racing up the road towards davy- pictures of davy 's horse rearing- pictures of davy firing his gun as he falls- pictures of the bullet hitting ben in the chest- pictures of ben staggering out into the bushes- davy too scared to go after him- davy too scared to tell me the truth after- after i became his only friend- i did n't mean it , his noise is saying- ` ` davy- '' i say- i ' m sorry , he thinks- and that 's the truth all over- he is sorry- for everything- for prentisstown- for viola- for ben- for every failure and every wrong- for letting his pa down- and he 's looking up at me- and he 's begging me- he 's begging me- like i ' m the only one who can forgive him- like it 's only me who 's got the power- todd ? - please- and all i can say is ` ` davy- '' and the fright and the terror in his noise is too much- it 's too much- and then it stops .
` ` that sounds exactly like the kind of stupid thing she 'd say .
` ` he says he knows , '' viola says , ` ` and that- '' and then we hear it , the words coming thru , and it 's our language , in a voice that sounds kinda like us but like it 's made of a million voices saying the exact same thing .
` ` that 's the first thing we can agree on .
i close my eyes and remember him saying the exact same thing to me what seems like for ever ago .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , '' mistress coyle says .
` ` well , that 's exactly the kind of thing he would say . ''
ben 's the only father i ever had- '' which , as soon as it 's outta my mouth , i know is the wrong thing to say cuz the mayor 's eyes go darker than i ever seen 'em , and when he speaks , it 's like the black beyond coming down from above and outta his mouth .
last thing he said before he left the third time was , ' third time 's charmed . '
one thing you can say about mars : it 's really cold .
it was first thing he 'd said in hours .
` ` it said , ' welcome to florida , ' and then it said a lot of other things about beaches and oranges . ''
` ` i thought this thing , yes . ''
i imagined he and i were thinking the same thing : well , so much for the revolution .
the important thing- '' ` ` the important thing is you heard it from a boov .
the closest thing the boov would ever have to a family was the work unit they were assigned to as adults .
it was such a useless thing to say .
` ` that is the grossest thing ever ! ''
` ` that 's a weird thing to say . ''
` ` that 's an awfully grim thing to say for such a young girl . ''
i swallowed hard took her hands in mine and said the only thing i could two chapter 3 ( ramonas pov ) i managed to lose him but now i would be stuck in the desert during the day with little to no cover .
it turns out joel 's rejection was n't the only thing ena had learned on the phone .
you look at a boy that s the funniest thing i ve ever heard .
jack , my friend barbarossa said only thing i can say to console you is : once in service , you may soon get an opportunity to lay your hand on your parchment from devils safekeeping and throw it in some wooden firejust as you had planned .
velondra looked at josh and he had an odd look that made her think that he was thinking the same thing she was .
the voice repeated the same thing for almost ten minutes .
how could she and josh hear the voice and triston could nt , she asked the voice inside her head , but it kept saying the same thing ?
you thought it would be so simple to sneak up on me now did you of course i thought no such thing , he tried to move but could nt .
the best thing she could come up with was rain .
then the one thing he said that rang clear in her mind was , eric needs you .
besides , she took a sip of her coffee , i heard the same thing before from another source .
her examination of conscience this time consisted of repeating , i imagined the whole thing .
the one thing she was pretty sure of was that her parents and the other adults she knew did nt have it .
george always said the same thing : for all the things i prayed for last night and ( here he added anything new ) .
stacys mom always said the same thing , too : i bind my children to the sacred heart of jesus through the immaculate heart of mary .
promise me one thing .
ever since one of the reporters said they had n't ruled you out as a suspect , it 's the only thing they believe .
` ` that 's pretty much the most obvious thing you could point out .
corva laughed easily and haven had a hard time not smiling as soon as she realized it was a stupid thing to say .
` ` the thing you would n't tell me in the meeting .
the same thing i said to my mother when she advanced the theory that i could be taking after her .
max sounds like that s the most interesting thing he s heard all day .
its probably not the smartest thing to say , considering the street remains dark and empty of life , but i wo nt continue playing this game with him .
she acts like the eye - soul thing is an accepted truth .
i could say the same thing about you .
she told us the same thing sunday right before julian went in .
its the first thing i ve said since we got here .
its the only thing that makes sense .
who would say such a thing ?
i m not telling you a damn thing , either .
no more telling me one thing and doing another .
i can almost hear my aunt letty telling me the exact same thing .
she 's not the friend i thought she was if she 's asking such a thing of me .
chapter 28 ` ` mom , '' suzy says nervously , ` ` maybe i wrote a little thing or two about her on facebook but that 's all . ''
the last thing i had said to him was fuck you .
that s a shitty thing to say .
one thing i knew for certain i d rather die than to ever become what they are .
it would be the last thing he crack .
that s the smartest thing you ve said all day .
one thing she had learned about living creatures is that most of them do nt take anything seriously until there has been a death .
why do you say such a thing ?
it was lavish praise , coming from xelindthe closest thing to a compliment tir had ever received from him .
i silently lift the zipper vertically from the cold concrete flooring then shoot horizontally my ship out the great big portal hole flying free like an outer space eagle ( no such thing , y all ) into the cold black outer space of minus 1000 degrees .
sure thing , sweetheart !
boya promised to write the entire thing with faithful , fallen .
myra tells me the same thing .
mom staccatos with emphasize on the death thing .
kidnapping thing ?
there s no such thing as a five - star movie .
according to agent ward , i made the entire thing up to get attention .
that s the smartest thing you ve said all day , replied simon , who was already running away .
they ll tell you the exact same thing .
i m sorry about the glue thing , honest .
tony said the same thing .
he d been thinking the same thing for several days now .
you ve said the same thing .
wow , tom said behind him , and matt turned to him and chuckled , thinking exactly the same thing .
i wondered what stupid thing trina had been saying to him .
so tell us , marsha , what fascinating thing were you about to tell rigel ? ''
as it happened , i knew that particular book almost by hearti guess the whole orphan - raised - by - an - aunt - who - didnt - want - her thing resonated with me .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about them and neither do my aunt and uncle .
a minute or two later we turned onto my street , the ride over before i 'd thought of a single interesting thing to say .
` ` you mean the ' marsha the martian ' thing ? ''
i wondered if he 'd experienced the same thing i had at school , only in reverseif his social status had suffered the same way mine had soared .
i tried to imagine what he 'd gone through , finding out such a thing when he was just ten years old .
for the next two hours i lay awake , thinking over every single thing the stuarts had told me that dayand all the things they had n't .
for the next two hours i lay awake , thinking over every single thing the stuarts had told me that dayand all the things they had n't .
` ` because i felt the exact same thing the first time i heard your voice , in homeroom .
separation thing ?
` ` one thing i only guessed , but now i knowbeing apart hurts us both .
i made it a vow , the truest thing i 'd ever said .
since i d known her there had probably been a million moments i d have said the same thing .
but you have to promise me one thing .
sure thing , pa , i said .
before i get a change to tell him that hope is the very thing that helps you survive out here , rick falls into step with olivia and i hear him whisper comforting things to her .
for a moment , she does nt say a thing and i almost regret saying it but then she bursts into laughter as a few tears fall from her face .
asks olivia , glancing around , surveying the bombshell that was once out kitchen , nobody else says a thing .
i thought st . elmo was a ghost town , i said , wondering the same thing .
katie and zack must have realized the same thing .
two letters and some arrows ; the same thing zack sees , i repeated .
what thing , bro ?
that s the stupidest thing i ever heardthats more than stupid .
ya know , were off to see the wizard ... their vacant expressions and catatonic stupor can mean only one thing , newton said , climbing down from the tree .
i want one thing , and you treat me like i m invisible .
the worst thing she could ever say to the person she loved most in the world , and shed yelled it like a child .
i ve agreed to no such thing .
i know i freaked you out with the whole knife thing .
it was the wrong thing to say , for her chin dropped and her eyes hid behind her hair purposefully .
baird ran his hand over his face to gear up for the uncomfortable thing he needed to say .
maybe the dumbest thing you ve said all year .
blue glared up at him as if it was the cruelest thing he could ve said to her .
he realized that he could nt correct the first thing that came out of her mouth .
baird would say the same thing .
this was clearly the wrong thing to say , but sam barely got out , i do nt give a before she jerked the shovel from his tired hands with more force than he anticipated .
it was just the thing she needed to hear for her feet to unglue themselves from their spot next to elle .
when the fear began to rise in her as the small aircraft lifted off of the runway , he had held her hand , speaking calming words that , to the others , may not have sounded like the perfect thing to say , but to her , made all the difference .
he looked at her like it was the most absurd thing he had ever heard , because it was .
they stayed silent for a while , each thinking about the same thing and the possible consequences .
just the same thing that i have been saying all this time : something worries them .
dinahs startled mind tried to find an explanation for the scene , and the only thing that she came up with was that dickens was unwell , and caitlin was helping him .
waterthe only thing that everyone kept asking for .
sure thing , was all tom had to say .
i ask one thing .
i shot my finger into his face , and get one thing straight right now .
i will show you in time , but for now , you have to know one more thing before i leave you tonight .
that was an odd thing to say .
lets get one thing right , were all straight in here , bridgett folded her legs and arms together and plopped sideways next to me on the bed .
i ve never smelled that kind of burnt before , but we both thought the same thing .
i wanted to know one thing more .
just when i think one thing , bam , he shifts gears .
he said the same thing to me , said torus .
i was thinking the same thing , my dear , but i thought you were the caged ones .
she looked at him pointedly and said the word fun like it was the most important thing they would do all day .
i ve tried to get him to tell me what i can do to help him , but he always just says the same i just need to rest thing .
maelnar , shardwyn , venk , athos , and lukas all said the same thing at the same time : a what ?
the last thing he needed to hear was the mark on his sons back was a narian to do list .
i wanted to have time to get my thoughts in order , to sort of feel the air around me , and come up with exactly the right thing to say .
i knew what was coming next ; the same thing he said since the instant he heard my last name .
and i know that s a bitchy thing to say , because you re all the way on the other side of the country and i m here with your guy , but it is what it is .
you ca nt trust time ; not when it melts away like butter ; not when it drips and drags like molasses in january , not when it tells you one thing and does another , tricking you like some shady blackjack dealer in vegas .
this was the third time he had done this for the , the second time at st . barts , and every time it was the same thing ; clenched fists on the steering wheel , gritted teeth , flop sweat running off him in buckets .
was the first thing he yelled .
but the thing i had decided to leave out , the thing i purposely did nt tell my mother was that the next road over way , was not the way i was going to go to rogers house .
but the thing i had decided to leave out , the thing i purposely did nt tell my mother was that the next road over way , was not the way i was going to go to rogers house .
this could mean only one thing : that the sun was up once again and it was the start of another action packed day of his new life , which was better than any one of his nicest dreams .
mom burst out laughing as if he d said the funniest thing shed ever heard .
nathan and i looked at each other , both of us obviously wondering the same thing , was she craving something rare and bloody ?
there s no such thing , right ?
not really , but i need to know one thing ; do you kill innocent people ?
its not quite the same thing .
sarah beamed at him , spouting the first thing that hit her .
jules looked at her like shed said the most taboo thing in the world .
if you learned a thing or two about germs , perhaps it would eliminate all those plagues running rampant in the history books , she humored herself .
that will teach them and other would - be thieves a thing or two about greed !
yet another thing about me i did nt know , told to me by a stranger .
shed been thinking the same thing , but was too embarrassed to ask .
that was the nicest thing anyone had ever said to her .
that had probably been the nicest thing an adult , besides the headmaster , had said to her regarding her ability .
so she said the first thing that came to mind .
she did give charleston one thing , the smell of marsh and pine was a heck of a lot better than that of car exhaust and garbage .
` ` oh my god , '' was the first thing emma said , ` ` we have so much to discuss .
` ` there s one more thing i need to tell you . ''
` ` the age thing is just a myth .
kira shrugged , playing it cool , but was actually wondering the same thing herself .
he slid his hand up her back to cup the base of her neck , pulling her face into his and letting her know he was thinking the same thing .
she did nt know what to say so she blurted the first thing that came to mind .
he glanced over at her , praying he said the right thing .
that is the most admirable thing i ve ever heard from a guy .
ryan always knew the right thing to say , every time .
everyone looked at each other , probably thinking the same thing .
she picked at the nail polish on her thumb , thinking of the right thing to say .
that has to be close to the dumbest thing i have ever heard .
what a stupid thing to say !
sure thing , j.j . she flashed him a smile before she disappeared from the room .
danni remembered the grief counselor saying almost the same thing .
i could say the same thing about you , danni said .
i was just thinking the same thing , danni said , and he grinned at her .
that was the sweetest thing shed ever heard .
simple or complicated , cool or creepy , one thing was clear .
they sat in silence for a moment , and danni imagined him saying the same thing to whitney before they had sex .
after all , she thought the same thing the first time she saw him in the hospital .
we just said the same thing about you , she said , laughing .
my dad kind of said the same thing when i hung up on you .
do you realize that s always the first thing you say to me ?
oh , and ill have the exact same thing he s having .
that was a shitty thing to say , and i m the most horrible friend in the world .
they d always be hung up on that one thing .
danni thought the same thing , but she was nt sorry to be there .
how many times and in how many different ways had darren told her the same thing over the last few months ?
the same thing he told you .
yeah , and i let him know if i ever heard that kind of thing again i d kill him , one arm or not .
actually , i was calling to ask you the same thing , danni replied .
that s the stupidest thing i ve ever heard .
that s the meanest thing i ve ever heard .
you know , i was wondering the same thing , chelsea admitted .
i know because i wonder the same thing .
there was one other thing she needed him to know , but she was nt about to write that on a piece of paper .
i said the first thing that came to my head .
truly , i ca nt decide what i want , except for the one thing i do nt have : patrick back safe .
` ` that 's the weirdest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` well that 's possibly the saddest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
he could lie and i know i ca n't trust a thing that comes out of his mouth , but if what he said about the binding is true , lying will gain him nothing .
and then your bell rings out and you come out swinging it and the first thing that came to mind was this girl is a force .
` ` but that is the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard .
beth , what a terrible thing to say about your mother !
well if they do , its an awful thing to say !
she checked the older notebooks , but they were all full of the same thing ; endless , unanswered questions .
gran said she went through the same thing when i was born .
that s an awful thing to say .
i reckon she had exactly the same thing as me , dearie a phantom pregnancy .
see , for one thing love , thankfully i died straight away .
what a stupid , stupid thing to say when she was having a go at him for not trusting her .
mum suffered the same thing when i was born .
he was holding my head in his hands now , kissing different areas of my face , stopping to say things between each peck .
i could tell we were thinking the same thing .
one thing i can say about gods was that they were nothing like mortals pictured .
i guess after venturing into the mortal world and despite the hatred feel for them , they have taught me one thing , how a country should be ran .
some would say the same thing about you aristaeus when it comes to your powers .
that is a very rude thing to say in someones home .
if i said the wrong thing , she would probably turn me into dust and choose someone else to take my place .
you go around believing every little thing someone tells you .
the truth is all i asked for sister and you have given it , i have no right to be mad at such a thing .
wow bjorn , with the gods as my witnesses that has to be the most amazingly stupid thing i have ever heard .
i have pondered the same thing but i m sure it will be revealed to us in time , until then all we can do is continue on our path .
i was thinking the same thing , why am i being tortured by having to listen to you two quibble like an old married couple , now both of you shut up so i can go back to sleep this rocking back and forth is great .
its saying the same thing as before , it should be right in front of us .
the last thing he said was his retort to your jab saying he could beat you more or less .
i want only one thing .
she pats my back , murmuring sweet things like she used to .
the more i try to ignore the whole thing about forgiveness , the louder it screams in my mind .
shock zings through me , and i ca n't think of a thing to say .
i 'll tell you one more thing .
you did n't believe one thing i said about jill , and i was n't lying .
what a terrible thing to cross my mind .
there 's just the whole thing about me being dead that kinda puts a crimp in it .
knowing i need to stall for time , i blurt the first thing that pops into my head .
how dare you say such a thing ?
i ca n't talk or even think of a coherent thing to say .
i vowed not to say another mean thing , because i did nt like being rude okay , so maybe zach was right .
i think the same thing happened with zach , but i tried not to focus on anyones puke but my own .
i have no armor , no sword and and fear gripped my heart in its icy fist , and i said the first thing that came to my mind .
if al had not been found out , that could only mean one thing .
missing employees and missing deadlines adds up to pretty much the same thing .
what s the last thing you do remember ?
lyssa wondered the same thing only she kept her tongue in her mouth .
no , i m sorry , i should nt have scared you , he said thinking that was a stupid thing to say .
you know she would have said exactly the same thing .
it was a stupid thing to laugh at , but somehow just being with toby all of her troubles seemed to melt into a small glob that was manageable .
he could only wonder what or who master was and where exactly they were going , but one thing toby was sure of and that was craig had to believe him now .
the brother sister thing i knew , though we are not from the same mother .
with their carefully planned futures suddenly unraveling , kat and alissa will come to realize one thing : fate has one plan for them ... karma has another .
no , he has n't said a thing and i ' m sure you have nothing to worry about , but i was his age and i do n't know how he could control himself around you without some other form of release .
the same thing he did to zach , his voice rung with vengeance .
my mother would ask me the same sort of thing before helping someone and i would always tell her the same thing every time in return .
my mother would ask me the same sort of thing before helping someone and i would always tell her the same thing every time in return .
luxury was the first thing she thought when she entered the room .
no , what was the last thing you said ?
i ve really started to just be me , but i wanted to tell you one other thing .
adriel got out and seemed to be thinking the same thing i was .
this honesty thing was not as fun to hear as i would have hoped .
if have me means the same thing in gypsy as it does in the gaje , then no , he has nt tried to have me .
i hugged her wishing that grandma sidney was there with the perfect thing to say .
you are the last one at this table to cast a stone at kellan , isabeau snapped before i could say the exact same thing .
the first thing that came to my mind was her crying and pleading with seraph .
to name one thing .
i begged him silently to tell me that it was nt true but when i met his eyes i knew he would be telling me no such thing .
as we passed people in the hall everyone treated my father like he was the king standing at attention whenever he came near but if i had learned one thing in the last few days there was always someone around that did n't like my father , all i had to do was wait for that person to present themselves .
` ` mom , i had a hundred things i to say when i got in here but now the only thing i want to say is i love you and i ' m going to miss you so very much .
` ` mom , i had a hundred things i to say when i got in here but now the only thing i want to say is i love you and i ' m going to miss you so very much .
i ask only for one thing , alexandra .
everything about your father and this thing you told my mother .
one more thing , i say , and he frowns a little , waiting for me to speak .
one thing i ve learned is that a combination of sean , madeline , and maxx means loud talking , screaming and running around at times .
blood is the first thing that comes to mind .
five years , five years you two have been dating , and i never said a thing .
you and i ; the only thing i thought to be true , and you i hold a knot in my stomach .
there s only one other person who said the same thing to me .
not one thing , i have a number of things to tell him .
not one thing , i have a number of things to tell him .
that one thing i used to be so sure about and now listen to me .
tanya : i will but only if you promise me one thing .
the last thing i heard from mayank before i had to go out of the class .
the thing i told you last night about that prank gone wrong and the wave thing , please keep it to yourself .
offense is the best defense and this was the moment when i had put the said thing into action !
that was the last thing i would have wanted to hear at the moment but the fact that simran understood my expressional message gave me some relief .
in fact , the first sensible thing simran had said in a very long time !
i am proud of you for that but i just want you to promise me one thing son .
one thing i forgot to add , i am gon na kick your balls .
i am not sure that the decision that we took was particularly right or wrong but what i do know is that it was the only thing we were left with .
she says the same thing to me nearly every day and i reply in the same way too .
i will say one thing .
i say like it 's the most obvious thing in the world .
chapter 9 ( eighty - two days inside ) the next several weeks consist of the same thing , day in and day out ; with the exception of all the stolen kisses alec and i sneak .
` ` i was just thinking that same thing . ''
it sounds like millions of people yelling in a language i ca n't understand its so jumbled and garbled up i ca n't make out a single thing .
i listen hard to find out what he 's mad about but he just keeps saying the same thing over and over .
that was a very sensible thing for me to say especially when i really wanted to see zack 's face pummeled in .
it was the first thing he 'd said today she agreed with .
i do nt remember any such thing .
leslie would tell her the same thing if she were here .
the look on gary 's face told her he was thinking the same thing .
it all could mean only one thing .
janelle struggled to find the right thing to say , and found it floating in her sea of panic .
she 'd said the wrong thing , but could n't stop now .
she 'd said the wrong thing , but it was too late to take it back .
it would also make every horrifying thing she feared about herself true .
they only meant one thing .
ii did nt want her to think the wrong thing about me .
not being a total pessimist , i considered the good things in my life but the only thing i came up with was that i was doing ok in school .
the main thing i learned was that many people believed in parallel universes , but i still found it hard to accept that that was what had happened to me .
one thing was clear to me though .
i ca nt tell you guys for sure where we are , but i do know one thing , said jack .
that could mean only one thing : they were on the prowl for a new meal .
he had probably come to the conclusion this was the closest thing we were going to get to a sinka tubor even a shower .
so i pace , searching for an answer , praying and bargaining with heavens for this one thing .
lexie shrugs at me thinking the same thing .
i said no such thing , everyone can be defeated .
i could nt believe roland said such a crazy thing .
that was the closest thing to a compliment that she 'd ever heard hal give himself .
one thing was crystal clear though .
` ` i know what you mean , i thought pretty much the same thing myself .
` ` that 's got to be the most ridiculous thing that you have ever said . ''
just walking away is out of the question and i ' m not smart enough to know the right thing to say at a time like this , he thought .
tasha blushed an even deeper red , if such a thing was possible .
hal then said the only thing that ceorn assumed the big man could have brought himself to say with honesty .
` ` you know , i ' m going to tell you the same thing that i told your mother . ''
but you 'd have said the exact same thing if i 'd used swamp water . ''
and everyone that i ask says exactly the same thing .
and after an unknown number of days of being connected with xir , krehgal could only bring himself to really think one thing .
at this point , i could be perfectly sure of one thing : this teacher must be extremely unstable up there .
while i contemplated the best thing to say , mrs . bernadette stalked into the lecture hall , saving my life with her arrival .
i was so damn tired , the only thing i could think about was sleepwas that really too much to ask for ?
there was one thing i did nt understand .
i asked dumbly , even though he d just said he should nt have doubted me , which basically meant the same thing .
the only thing i asked of you was to stay by my side , and you could nt even do that !
there s one thing ill never be able to take lying downthe humiliation i ve suffered all of this time , he hissed at sir albion as he locked his arm tighter around acacias neck .
from here , that was pretty much the only thing i could make out .
i know its an awful thing to say , he added casually , but they would have put less effort into solving his murder than they re putting into solving his kidnapping , hoping to find him alive .
it seemed a strange thing to say , with so many dead lying about them .
lady allestaine , if you saw what i was wearing earlier , ill have to admit , you d probably be saying the same thing .
there is only one thing i will be sure about , and that is your safety .
bound by dean murray copyright 2013 by dean murray also by dean murray : the reflections series broken ( free ) torn ( free if you sign up for dean 's mailing list ) splintered intrusion trapped forsaken riven driven lost marked the greater darkness ( writing as eldon murphy ) a darkness mirrored ( writing as eldon murphy ) the dark reflections series bound hunted ambushed shattered the guadel chronicles frozen prospects ( free ) thawed fortunes ( free if you sign up for dean 's mailing list ) brittle bonds shattered ties table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 other books by dean murray chapter 1 alec graves graves estate sanctuary , utah it was exactly the wrong thing to say .
` ` alec '' ` ` it 's fine , kaleb probably has n't arrived yet and i need to tell mother one last thing . ''
` ` you could say the same thing about the cats on the southern border , or maybe even some of the worst of the dispossessed . ''
feeling like an idiot , i asked the question that should have been the first thing out of my mouth when i saw him .
if i had a list of people inside my head who were ready to come out in open rebellion against kaleb and the rest of the coun'hij , it 's not the kind of thing i 'd be sharing with you .
i stood up and turned to go , but jack had one last thing to say .
i do n't even begin to have the power around here to verify every crazy thing that crosses the lips of some of the gossipmongers in the pack . ''
he 's said a lot of things lately that i do n't agree with , but he 's right about one thing .
it was the harshest thing i 'd ever heard him say about the woman who 'd given birth to him .
one thing that the fight had convinced me of was that brandon had been hiding the full extent of his ability for years .
the kindest thing one could say was that he was ok for a beginner .
but , i just want to say one thing .
i ve been wondering the same exact thing .
he has no right to call me such a wicked thing .
i meant the feeling comfortable with my flaws thing .
just tell me one thing ; what re we gon na do ?
i went months without hearing a thing from the witch .
he said the same thing to me when we saw his parents killer walk by us that evening .
but it might have been the wrong thing to say because his eyes started narrowing into slits .
he was telling me the same thing as you .
he knew i thought the same thing as this someone did .
markus stared at me and from the look on his face , he was thinking about what the right thing to say would have been .
then i heard the worst thing i d ever heard in my life .
the same thing with shane , everyday at school , i had to put up with him .
it must have hurt , but he was so crazed that his pain receptors , i presume , were temporarily out of ordershort circuited or some such thing .
yeahand when burke told him it was just a neighborhood tall tale , richie said , you would have thought he was hearing there is no such thing as santa claus for the first time .
he was no doubt yearning to tell me how i was drooling over the shirtless benjy , or some such thing , during our stickball game .
that s an odd thing to say , do nt you think ?
maybe she s got the goods on the kerns , bean , but she has nt told us a damn thing .
i mean that i have nt said a thing and you come at me all bent out of shape .
he told me the very same thing .
he told the police the same thing .
the words were slow to come out , but she knew it was the right thing to say .
rage was the first thing she registered .
she wrestled herself , wondering whether or not it was a good thing to say .
and miraculously , one thing came to her mind : a memory .
what if we do n't tell you a damn thing ?
and yet as i sit in front of my computer , staring at the flashing cursor i ca nt think of a single thing to write .
its a lame thing to ask , considering beths last concern is schoolwork .
the three looked at each other and they all thought the same thing ; that their resolve to fight might not be as strong as they initially thought it was and that tamashii kioshi might be alone in his mission to create his own paradise .
i ve had my own share of questions and doubts but there s one thing i m sure of and that s that i want to make a world where everyone can live happily in .
i said the same thing about hatsuo seiya ; that it was because of people like us that she died .
please write that one down before you commit a crime.i mean the thing about petite women going to prison .
i wanted to pour every bad thing i could say into one message and make her feel the way i had felt upon seeing the pictures .
i could remember a time when that sort of thing would have made him smile , but my dad had stopped laughing with me a long time ago .
what a dumb thing to have said !
ii do nt really know my uncle , lil admitted uncertainly , but surely he would nt say such a thing unfortunately , lil , were every bit as split in our aims for palestine as jerusalem is , harry explained gently .
peter had one more thing to say .
peter looked around the bubble he was in and said the first thing that came into his mind .
` ` i thought the same thing when i first started diving here , '' marco said in his thick french accent .
he moved on to the next person , saying the same thing .
it was the same thing every single day .
please tell me one thing , darmik said .
there s one thing i do nt understand , rema said .
promise me one thing , trell said .
pretty little thing .
in my years serving the queen , i ve learned one thing .
there were different definitions according to different religions about what chayot meant , but all websites came around to the same thing : angels .
funny , i was thinking the same thing about you .
ha , you ai n't seen nothin , and lets get one thing straight right now , '' bryn slid off the hood to stand toe to toe with me , ` ` you 're coming with us because rune and some of the others believe you may prove useful .
wrong thing to say again .
still the wrong thing to say .
not the same thing by any stretch of the imagination .
but i reckon that s the sort of thing he wants to hear .
heres another thing that just ai nt stacking up right .
its the closest thing to conversation brads made all day .
heck , i knew it was nt a suicide , but here we ve got a cop saying the same thing .
and heres another thing kid .
her face was so smooth and blank ; mark began to be afraid that he had said exactly the wrong thing .
that 's the one thing i learned from him .
what does it remind you ofjust the first thing that comes to your thoughts .
all i ask is one thing .
he s said the same thing about twenty times during the journey .
i m a disembodied head , speaking to you from a cloud of smoke , and that s the first thing you ask ?
hansel thought the same thing , blurting out , how do you feed yourself if you live alone ?
this one thing , yes .
he appeared about to say one thing but seemed to change his mind .
khan turned back without saying a thing .
i had been so deep in thought that i had completely lost sense of my surrounding and what i was doing ; another thing that would fill my father with disgust .
trapper felt his mind return to his body and realized he was hovering next to sole , but still had yet to say a thing .
he was thinking the same thing , but he was thrilled that he was nt the one to say it .
you know what the first thing i asked was ?
verne was shocked to hear gervis say the very same thing he said .
couter , i replied immediately , knowing it was the correct thing to say .
it could only mean one thing ; our mother was home .
one foot in sea , and one on shore , to one thing constant never .
how he knew such a thing , i did not ask .
there is one more thing that you should know .
i looked at george , for what was one more thing to add to the ever growing list .
grant was the only thing inscribed on the tag dangling close to my nose .
his question shocked me , although i wanted to ask him the same thing .
if she is reacting this way to you that means only one thing .
i said the first thing i could think of .
undoubtedly she would say the same thing about me , that i am too stubborn , or unsupportive , or controlling , or rigid , or something .
who said such a thing ?
who could believe such a thing ?
for reynald not to be by her side was one thing .
you never said any such thing , she choked out .
i chuckle lightly ; its such an odd thing to say .
every time they wail on me , she says the same thing : stay down .
if mr . zane put them in the trailer with me , then he must expect one thing : me to eat them .
and its the last thing i hear as a human , and the first thing i hear as a zombie * * * * * story # 22 : home for christmas the cemetery looms just over the next rise as we walk along the road , just on the other side of a thin strand of dead trees .
and its the last thing i hear as a human , and the first thing i hear as a zombie * * * * * story # 22 : home for christmas the cemetery looms just over the next rise as we walk along the road , just on the other side of a thin strand of dead trees .
no , he admits too quickly , its bad boyfriend behavior , no doubt , really bad , but heres the thing because you never let me finish what the thing was just now : you said you were getting brains at the mall and i can always depend on you so were good .
no , he admits too quickly , its bad boyfriend behavior , no doubt , really bad , but heres the thing because you never let me finish what the thing was just now : you said you were getting brains at the mall and i can always depend on you so were good .
i swallow hard and ask , quickly , because time is running out and i want to know so badly , what s the last thing you remember ?
funny , she said with a feminine voice , i was going to say the same thing about you !
kai grabbed michaels hand , and he felt an exhilarating power flow between them , he assumed that the same thing happened to her because she shivered , then said , are you ready ?
after years of barely speaking to her , the fact he d decide that was an ok thing to say was outrageous .
that was kind of a bummer thing to tell him .
when you left this morning the last thing i expected you to bring home was a brother , especially that one .
after he saw tanner dropping her clothes off , that was probably the wrong thing to say .
addy lived here her whole life and shed never heard such a thing .
the first thing matt told her when he started taking her out to clubs was never to accept drinks from strange guys .
the only thing written on the inside is the name oren sanders .
i sort of thought the same thing when i saw you earlier .
chloe , how could you possibly think such a thing ?
does he always say the right thing ?
there s a lot you do nt know about mebut the one thing ill tell you now isive never let myself get close to a guy before .
the only thing i got from the prophecy was , and the seer shall then go blind .
but i need to say one thing before i go .
the smirk on his face seems like he even finds humor in the whole thing .
she told us so many things , but the one thing that s the most important in this whole story , is when chloes twin sister cassie died at birth , her power automatically transferred to chloe .
sure thing , gram .
might get some more work done on leckners thing .
he went back to eating as if he had nt said the most amazing thing i had ever heard .
i wish i had gone to them after the whole lucas and amy thing and just talked to them .
i guess i would react the same if she told me the same thing about her .
do nt stand way over there when you say sweet things like that .
i went but i did nt want to and i could nt tell you one thing that was said .
the only thing that made sense to me , explaining why his face had lit up was .
it had been the last thing i d expected to come out of his mouth .
was the first thing simon said , raising his hand for a high five .
it had been the first nice thing we d answered about each other .
it was a cheeky thing to say , but i could nt resist : up !
was the first thing faye asked at the same time terry asked , what s with the sun glasses .
i just wanted to know one thing .
we all got one saying the exact same thing , she eventually said .
i know i d been the one to initiate the whole ignoring one another thing , but i was glad he was the first to break it .
shed been totally cool about the whole thing date - thing and , thankfully , did nt feel weird about hugging me hello and goodbye .
i knew we were both thinking the same thing .
that s the most important thing we can get .
my head was still churning from seeing rohesia , so i was a little disorientated and asked perold the first thing that popped into my head , where were you born ?
it was a dumb thing to ask , but it slipped out of my mouth before i could stop it .
i thought jack would gasp and ask me how i could think such a thing , but he nodded .
i d make sure i got a dose of my new addiction , first thing in the morning .
daphne did nt know what to say , but sometimes when you re burdened with deep thoughts , the only thing left to do is to be ridiculous , so , after a moment , she said , lets go for a swim .
before she knew what she was saying , she was shouting , do you know what the last thing i said to her was ?
but his words were the last thing i d expected .
now tell me one thing , julian .
it definitely was the most absurd thing that ever came out of my mouth .
julian was the best thing that had ever happened to me .
his appearance alone told you one thing : dark .
this growl was the single most menacing thing kiethara had ever heard .
his betrayal was the most painful thing she had felt today .
now that s the best thing i ve heard you say yet , not that you ve said much .
but for some reason beyond her , she could nt stop herself from saying the next thing that popped into her head .
the class chorused with , yes , yeah , sure , whatever , and other replies that basically said the same thing .
it was the best thing he had eaten in a very long time .
it was the first thing we said to each other each and every day .
and then she was gone off to the next room to say the exact same thing .
forget that first thing just remember the last part .
i felt pressure to say the right thing .
it was the only thing that i could think of to say .
it was the first thing i said to him .
ill tell you one thing though ; you leave his human alone and you might just survive .
i could nt tell what he was doing to me or why i could nt pull away from him , but there was one thing i knew for sure : i was losing my breath , and fast .
i was pretty sure the next thing i d be telling myself was that i was a unicorn .
that s a terrible thing to say , abigail .
i would nt have ever had to believe such a thing if my father and his job did nt put our little family in danger .
i do nt like water , i mumbled , spouting out the first thing that came to mind , and gideon laughed .
sympathy for the people i saved was one thing .
after being close to her , he knew one thing for sure .
it would be unthinkable for them to say the same thing to laura .
the only positive thing to say about them was that they allowed the band to practice in the basement .
he had only one year left of high school , and then he would be out of here , on the road with the band , and he knew one thing for sure : he would nt look back .
they could read body language , and they both had a sixth sense that made them say the right thing at the right time without always realizing it .
there is no such thing .
the first thing i will say is that the kids wo nt be able to remember any statistics or heavy information you give them , so you have to talk to their hearts to get to them .
he stared at my door biting his lip , at one point raising his hand to the doorknob as if he wanted to say one last thing .
account cancelled : closed due to loss closed due to loss could only mean one thing .
this was the first truthful thing i d said so far .
their orange circular tops and the humming sound that grew ever louder as we drove forwards could only mean one thing .
there was no debate occurring here , everyone agreed on one thing .
do you always say the first thing that pops into your head ?
because if i did , the first thing i would have said to you is how pretty you look tonight .
i tried to explain this to tara , but the first thing she said from the couch was , nerd - dell ?
i do nt believe one thing about that .
a part of me needed them to win so i would nt have one more thing to feel guilty about .
he was probably wondering the same thing about me , wondering what i was doing outside all alone .
that was the lamest thing i ve ever heard .
it started back in texas , so i was toldanother thing i ca nt remember .
its just that she could hand write the entire thing like a minute keeper and still have too much useless information about me .
i understand the whole chivalry thing , but we are not dating and he does nt need to treat me as if i m on a pedestal .
this is the one thing he s excited to tell me .
i am still wondering the same thing myself nine years later .
many a teacher and adult have said the same thing : do not trust any drink at a party someone has given you .
i ask , offering the only thing i had .
i would ve laughed had i not been wondering the same thing .
i just told you that someone , a boy whom you have met , spread a rumor about me and the first thing you ask is if i had sex with him ! .
there are many things floating through my head , many things shifting around in my mind , but the only thing that makes the most sense is safe .
there are many things floating through my head , many things shifting around in my mind , but the only thing that makes the most sense is safe .
there are many things floating through my head , many things shifting around in my mind , but the only thing that makes the most sense is safe .
the only thing i can think to ask is , really ?
hell fail if he says the wrong thing .
from her expression , which , let me tell you , terrifies me , i can tell she does nt want to tell me a damn thing .
i handed my completed proposal to miss cherryit only took three hours to write once i ironed out all the basicsand she read the entire thing while i was standing right in front of her , watching her eyes scan the pages in a hurry to devour the next word .
great , another thing for me to freak out about .
that is nt a good thing to say but she loses me most of the time when she speaks .
i can picture her rubbing her eyes as she tries to think of the appropriate thing to say .
while waiting for zephyr to walk up , i read the entire thing twice .
probably not the smartest thing i ve ever said and according to them , i got my wish .
moreover , i certainly could not tell him any other thing that was not the truth because oduduwa would strike me dead immediately .
no sir , but hope you realize this job is a rather expensive one and requires some expensive you should know what i mean , i do nt need to elaborate i know what you mean , you should know am more than capable to handle that task , i said and we both laughed at the whole thing .
the thing about amy not getting asked out has madelyn bummed .
she told us the same thing at the end of last year ; and i foolishly got my hopes up .
' what an odd thing for her to say . '
she says thing like , ` ` maybe the girl 's lying , '' to which other girls look at madelyn like she is a traitor to her sex and ask , ` ` why on earth would she do a thing like that ? ''
how can you say such a thing ?
i just have to know one thing first , eli whispered and spun me around to face him while keeping me silenced with his hand .
it was nt hard to read his emotions because i was sure the three of us felt the same thing .
i spun back to him because there was one thing i wanted to know .
that is the craziest thing i ve ever heard .
it was the kind of thing i should have learned from my own mother , if shed cared enough to stick around .
i had to say one thing about him ; he was pretty serious about this whole protection thing .
i d learned two things about my werewolf friends : they did not like being compared to the mohiri , and they really took the whole this is our territory thing to heart .
i d learned two things about my werewolf friends : they did not like being compared to the mohiri , and they really took the whole this is our territory thing to heart .
i realized i d said the wrong thing when his nostrils flared .
what an odd thing to ask , honey .
ill say one thing ; he does nt give up easily .
that was a weird thing to say .
at least akers had nt lied about one thing : he had actually been a collector .
one thing she was sure of was she was lost .
itzy fumbled for the right thing to say .
in the endwell , this is another thing we ve never told you before , but your grandfather took his own life , too .
are you alright , is the thing .
how would she ever guess such a thing ?
i was about to ask ye the same thing , he said , his words clouded in her skin and hair .
charons mouth bent into the closest thing she had to a smile and her long eyes narrowed yet further .
one thing , katelyn .
aiden says that dustin is thirty two , but that he still has the mental maturity of a boy , kai paused , stopping her in front of the back entrance to a used computer store , austin , there is one thing that you should know .
she mumbled , still stuck on the whole age thing .
maybe aiden had a point with the whole image thing of his , why do nt you just tell me everything , then ?
sure thing , garry , austin rolled her eyes and grabbed her dishrag again .
losing your girlfriend must have been hard , austin told him , latching onto the only thing she could .
the only thing that popped into her mind was such aa kai thing to think .
as far as i know , that was the one thing he kept from me .
it was the one and only thing my mind could grasp onto .
i ve never been good at knowing what the right thing to say is .
that was honestly the last thing i expected .
that was the last thing i expected .
that was the last thing i expected him to say .
i slipped a slight smirk , my younger self was thinking the exact same thing , but was at a loss for words to admit it .
this always meant one thing ; a god was near .
you know , professor , helen said the same thing when they met .
is it the expectations thing again ?
emma could nt remember a single thing mr . schneider had talked about during class , she did nt even know what subject they were covering .
unable to process what she was seeing emma focused on the one thing she could understand , that mark had been hit and was still on the ground .
i took the phone awkwardly and texted the only thing i could think of which was , thanks .
so , are you like serious about the no internet or phone thing ?
i pulled the doona off her warm feet so she kicked me and i jumped on her and soon we were giggle - wrestling which was awesome fun , at least until dad told us to stop it , we were being way too noisyand mum said the same thing she s said for the past 13 years which is , be careful or it ll all end in tears .
one thing ?
from the very first dayand it was my birthday toothey just did nt listen to a single thing i said .
the reason i was even thinking about it was because i nearly forgot the whole thing one day .
which is , as i ve said , time and time again , an incredibly stupid thing to say .
and then when you said that thing to tessa , i just ... she was almost crying .
you know its not going to be the same thing anyway .
andis eyes widened as she looked at ronnie and both girls thought the same thing : where had that come from ?
i can say the same thing about you , he told ronnie .
then she realized the last thing he said and her paralysis broke .
but it was the one thing she needed to know .
that s about the only thing i m sure about right now .
and i would nt have believed it if you had nt already tried to tell me the same thing three days ago .
sure thing , don , deputy chalmers said .
sure thing , dad .
it had been the first thing to hit my tummy that day .
strangely , thoughts of picking up again were not the first thing that came to mind .
the last thing i ever wanted was her to think lowly of me .
once i had calmed down and replayed the whole thing through my head i had to be honest .
the last thing the policeman had said was , they must have had some party .
yet , the last thing he had told them was to get home and get their rest .
and , i might add one more thing .
was the first thing i heard , then , i m telling the truth .
that was the last thing i remember someone saying before i passed out .
i need a few people with really strong magic to make us an invisibility shield , at least she could stick to one thing leigha had told her , no one can fly .
the only thing she could be compared to was a robot that could only recite one thing over and over again and that s how she appeared in my dreams .
that s the one thing i believe because she s just so much like you .
i smiled , but it disappeared quickly , one more thing and no more worried or scared or angry or mad .
is that the same thing ?
if i had collapsed on christmas eve , then that could mean only one thing .
somewhere , in the back of my mind , i had a tiny thought that that would have been a good thing to say to henri .
i had a friend like that once , henri began , his mother told him the same thing .
i gulped ; it was the last thing i needed to hear on such a happy day .
i guess the thing you 're maybe not getting ?
i ca n't get comfortable around huge men who look ready to push me over if i say the wrong thing .
which always makes me panic and say the wrong thing .
i ' ve found that to be a safe thing to say in social situations .
i flinch after each word , conditioned to expect the pain level to spike if i say the wrong thing .
i lick my lips , calculating the best , innocent - sounding thing to say .
he tested his imagination , used his limited knowledge of geography , geology , physics , art and perspective , his fourteen years of life had not particularly given him much to work with , but there was one thing he was certain of , he still had no clue as to where he was .
of course , he would never outwardly say such a thing , beth was a strong minded woman , and shed kick his topey hide .
i ve been thinking the same thing .
was the next thing he said .
he glanced at alden who seemed to be thinking the same thing .
its the only thing that makes senseand i can relate .
i was thinking the same thing , he whispered back , pulling methuselah out and extending the blade .
savannah wanted to ask parker how she knew that was gon na happen and what the whole , not being able to breathe thing was about , but she did nt .
savannah liked the whole few words thing , but she hated the completely coy thing .
it was the first personal thing she had told them that they did not already know .
they were saying the same thing without having to say it , i am glad i am going down with you .
was the first thing she said .
about a certain magical thing savannah said .
she said the perfect thing .
savannah knew there was probably some other sort of way she could have tested that but it was the first thing that came to mind .
they both were thinking the same thing ; the old faye would not have been able to do that .
they looked at each other ; they were talking about the same thing , tomorrow and huck .
they all looked at each other and they all realized the same exact thing .
it was only three blocks from city park , and the park was the closest thing to paradise any kid could imagine .
i only knew one thing for certain : fate and this hound had led me here for this chance at glimpsing love everlasting and i was n't going to waste it .
for instance , lots of them did nt even bother to read the whole thing .
the first thing i ever managed to say to dr . beth was , me zombie .
that s the sort of thing i d say , i know me .
it was exactly the kind of thing aria would say .
melody nodded unconsciously , having thought the same thing many times .
you could say the same thing about a drone piloted by our military , if you did nt know it was remotely operated by an intelligent entity that was wirelessly controlling it , rhapsody countered .
that s the silliest thing i ve ever heard in my life , rhapsody shook her head like she was trying to rid it of a particularly foul parasite .
a rumour had spread throughout brinkley house , although quietly because no one dared openly voice such a thing , that the material was not of this world .
but still , one thing his dad had always said was ; better safe than sorry .
that s a terrible thing to say .
deception , he d come to learn , was one of drydens weapons make people think one thing when in reality the opposite was true .
ill tell you one thing , though .
that s the first thing i checked , he said , referring to the information displayed on his tablet .
do you remember the last thing i said to you before before i was taken downstairs ?
maybe i should tell her the one thing i want , and that is for them to leave .
nicole explains , telling her the same thing she told me yesterday she ran into the door .
the first thing my mother asked me when i entered the kitchen , was have i seen her .
i tell him the same thing i had told jennifer , about how i did nt want him to leave her or make him feel awkward .
well , the main thing is that you re okay .
the thing that i was so very ashamed of .
once it was finally done , i typed in the first thing that came into my mind and watched as several things came up .
once it was finally done , i typed in the first thing that came into my mind and watched as several things came up .
hearing her curse was the funniest thing cynder ever heard .
they all basically say the same thing are you ok ?
toby laughs like i ve just said the funniest thing he s ever heard .
we always say one thing we are thankful for .
how could she be doubting the very thing she waiting so long to hear ?
if there was one thing that had become clear in the evening before , it was that she could not return home .
he said the exact thing that she most dreaded and desired , yes .
i mean that s a strange thing to ask someone when you first meet them .
jacky looked over at the other two to see if they were seeing the same thing , that this guy was completely out of his mind , totally crazy .
you knew about tiny earth for years and never said a thing , said president pierce , angrily .
its hardly the same thing .
damn stupid is another thing you could call it .
is n't that the kind of thing you 're hearing in your head all the time anyway ?
i was pretty sure i d said the wrong thing .
of course , what winters said and what actually happened was nt the same thing at all .
so , i said the first thing that came into my head .
that s the last thing i ve heard from him .
that s the last thing anyone has heard from him , i said .
i do n't mean to change everything ... just one thing ... '' rust sighed , surrendering but irritated .
jack did n't say a thing , but he had heard the name countless times .
jack was wondering the same thing .
he often blurted out random statements and questions , often saying the very thing everyone wanted to say but no one was brave enough to verbalize .
but this ... if you ' ve ever seen pictures of the city after that rampage , the first thing you 'll think is , ' a hurricane , a tornado , a super storm , an earthquake and a tropical low had a party . '
his little brother would have asked that very same thing , in like manner , had he been there .
` ` frankly , i ' m not surprised : your ole dad said the exact same thing , '' wepaynar replied , coolly taking aim again , his arm slightly shaking with age or anticipation , jack was n't sure which .
` ` sure thing , '' caleb said , staring blankly at the lone toilet .
she would be safe ; they would do whatever i wanted so long as i promised them this one thing .
curiosity was the only logical thing that could have spurred me to push against the door , half wanting to stay and half wanting to run away .
it was one thing knowing something because it was obvious , and another thing entirely having someone say it to your face .
maybe there was something in the truth thing , though .
there was one thing he was sure about : no one was going to hurt tess , and that definitely made him on our side .
it had a thousand voices but they always said the same thing , so it was hard to decide whether it was one or many .
it was the first thing she had said in a while .
just tell me one thing , kayden , before you go .
suddenly , he decided to say the first thing that came into his mind .
oaka sadly shook his head and asked , why did you say such a thing ?
now , i suggest , basha , that you forget this whole thing about the cup , and ill give you a house , so you can offer it to my little girl , okay ?
i am thou lord , so thusly you have no right to demand such a thing from me .
monika blinked and stared up at him , wondering what had made him say such a thing , as if he could read her thoughts .
basha glanced at his companions and smiled as he saw them covering their ears , probably thinking the same thing .
monika , your laughter and your smile mean everything to me and i know this is an awkward place to say such things , but i want you to know how i feel .
myself , i hate family trees and family charts , since its always a record of things you do nt want others to know or a record of things that you sometimes wish that you never knew .
doomba laughed and said , why thank you gringok , that is a wonderful thing to say .
basha thought this was a strange thing to say at this time , but he soon forgot what she said .
jobe lifted his and asked , monika , does that whole thing sound familiar to you ?
fato answered , the whole thing is nonsense , utter nonsense !
jobe shook his head and murmured , such a strange thingstill , perhaps it is a worthy thing to say .
doomba and replied , i m not sure what to think , but heres one thing .
i do nt blame you for what you did , but there is one thing i wish to ask of you : did you ever really consider a life with me forever ?
i think that s the best thing you ve ever told me .
she said the same thing like victoria .
there s one thing i can remember .
i was thinking the same thing , says cy .
i need the closest thing i have to a friend .
i m so selfish to do this , but i have to ask one last thing of you , cy .
youyou keep saying things , rose said lamely .
show me one man who s said any such thing , auk demanded with a chuckle .
at last , this is a thing i can tell you , he whispered intently .
really , emibelle asked , her tone biting , did you know the thing about his mother and father ?
instead , she took those smiling moments to gather herself to the thing she most wanted to say : i miss you , benson .
the captain laughed , speaking to her like a child , some people would consider that the same thing .
rose got the distinct impression that this was nt a thing she was supposed to hear .
out in the room , junke heard no such thing .
that s a true thing , he said blandly .
i ve considered telling my wife the same thing , he told whyl .
you might want to finish him off now , said kaille , not quite believing that he could say such a thing .
denying any such thing , the princess demanded that the lion - guardian be put to death as a punishment .
that was the only good thing i could say about toby .
it was a baby thing to say , a plea for his affection ; i realized how it would sound to him as soon as the words were out and his eyes narrowed .
was he thinking the same thing i was ?
i had a friend who used to tell me the same thing .
but i did know one thing , and that one simple truth brought me to tears yet again : as far as gabriel raddick was concerned , my heart was in serious trouble .
i heard him stop off at baileys room and let go of a low groan , one that could ve only meant one thing : he was mad that shed gone out so late on a school night .
i did nt remember anything about his departure from the show , but i did know one thing for sure : the dead could nt magically come back to life .
because jones and i had worked at the bakery together for so long , he d become the closest thing i had to a real friend .
bailey and i looked at one another , knowing that a postponement of his plans was the closest thing to a compromise that we d ever get from him .
all i wanted was to find something , just one thing that would help me understand him , but i had nt found anything useful .
i overanalyzed every word , every , tiny thing he d ever said to me .
shed even busted her mirrorher prized possession ! just for effect , and that could only mean one thing : bailey still cared , even if it did nt always seem like it .
it is nt a very nice thing to say .
wow , that is the stupidest thing i ve ever heard !
there goes the whole i do nt care thing .
i was lying through my teeth about the nice guy thing .
okay , did you understand the thing about the little girl ?
i totally blew that whole , guys - find - me - desirable thing .
the last thing my brain registers is the attic door slamming to a close , before my head nails the staircase .
the first thing you did was call him mrs . marion .
he seems to be thinking the same thing .
it was the only thing i asked from him and he failed miserably .
mmm - hmm , i was just thinking the same thing .
it was one thing when i thought someone was merely leaving them behind .
but if there was one thing i d learned early on in life it was that normalcy , as we thought of it , did nt exist .
* * * okay , okay , okay , so i guess i should explain the marilyn thing .
( no , not the only - person - in - the - room thing .
one of my streamers did nt unroll and fell straight down onto his head , and he then looked straight up at me as the lover thing left my mouth .
i say the first thing that comes into my head ( always a mistake ) .
that s what marilyn would have done ( except she would ve had the guts to say the pray , scat thing out loud , like her character lorelei did in gentlemen prefer blondes ) .
sorry , nessa , that was an awful thing to say .
i thought it was the stupidest thing i d ever read .
i hope my dad does nt think that holly being nice to him means the same thing that jessica being nice to him meant .
the other thing i was wrong about was the practice - and - some - more - practice thing .
is the first thing holly says to me , jumping into my line of view .
what you just saidi think that s the nicest thing anyones ever said to me .
i was just thinking the same thing before .
really wanting and waiting to die now ... can you explain the nessas lessons in love thing for me ?
this its - such - a - tragedy - to - be - so - good - looking thing totally cracks me up .
i might as well ask you the same thing , mr . adams , mr . wilson said .
i ' ve been up and down and over and out but i know one thing : each time i find myself flat on my face , i pick myself up and get back in the race .
why they 'd make up such a thing was beyond me , but vivian would surely believe their innocent words before my own .
` ` i would never make up such a thing .
the scariest thing : i do nt know how long i ve been in this state .
he met her once and coty assumed he slept with her and told her the one thing he could nt ever explain to anyone ?
shoot , i remember in the early nineteen hundreds , i had to play tricks for prostitutes ; taught a few of them a thing or two in the process .
his brain told him one thing , but his body was begging for something else someone else .
it was clear from the things the men were were chanting that they felt that women had no place in politics , that our place was in the kitchen and in bed , and that we should accept servility to our masters .
she looks at me quizzically , and i realise what a stupid thing i just said .
for some reason , steven remembered grimdins pack , and he did nt know why he would remember such a thing now .
steven looked at grimdin and saw that the dwarf wondered the same thing .
he could see it in grimdins eyes , that even though the dwarf would never surrender , he too knew what would happen , for the warriors had tramped , and they had reached him , and they had come to him for one thing only , the thing that steven could nt bare to acknowledge , and he could nt stand any longer to watch .
that sight could only mean one thing to steven : if in her original form dorthia was a woman , was she a ghost in her other form ?
i must be certain of one thing before , grimdin said .
but alice could nt help thinking oddly , before she surrendered herself completely to slumber , that it had been a strange thing to say , to accuse her sister of such a thing .
but alice could nt help thinking oddly , before she surrendered herself completely to slumber , that it had been a strange thing to say , to accuse her sister of such a thing .
she was sure there were plenty of cases where identical twins were nt much like each other look at all the movies and tv shows which had been based on that very thing .
well just you ll just no such thing , said aunt maud .
it was the same thing she had heard in her mothers voice when it was the end of the month and she wished she had more money in her bank account .
` ` what 's the most embarrassing thing i can get ? ''
our eyes meet , and i hope we 're thinking the same thing .
when he finally spoke to me , the first thing he said was : you can stay .
i study him closely , and he seems to be thinking the same thing .
it was scary at first , to speak of super personal stuff , afraid i might spill out the thing about my dad and our secret ability .
tell me one thing , elle .
i guess i m wrong about the trust thing .
the question does nt surprise me because i ve wondered about the same thing with my dad .
his body is hunched over as he runs towards me , and the first thing that comes to my mind is why he s still alive .
as soon as i say it i realize it was the wrong thing to say .
i ask only one small thing in return .
in fact , francis would actually go as far as to say that she found the dashing , rich and eligible bachelor , rather repugnant ; not that her polite and well - trained smiles showed such a thing .
for mistakes under eklan meant one thing , instant death , something that crossed his mind every time the door to his laboratory opened .
eric said which he then realised was a little stupid thing to say if the boy had fallen and hurt himself .
barnabas waited to see what maxtix would do , but the young warrior just smiled and talked with a mouthful of bread , again ebarro , you ve said the wrong thing , to the wrong person .
one thing was running over and over in her mind : do nt fall .
the look in declans eyes told her he was thinking the same thing .
and another thing , the dokkaebi are nt supposed to be evil creatures .
but one thing declan said to her last night stuck in her thoughts : declan wanted her .
the next thing she saw threw willow for a complete loop .
the first thing out of his mouth almost made willow burst out laughing .
when willow saw his expression , the only thing she wanted to do was curl up in his arms , let him hold her , and forget about everything .
the way he says red convinces me that all red in the realm of dreams means the same thing .
if i go up these stairs , i might as well announce that i accept this place , and every crazy thing i ve been told .
pen does not fight them as they grab her and pull her toward the door , but she does look over her shoulder , her expression saying the same thing that i am thinking .
des glances toward her , smiling , and the look that he sends her says the same thing .
there is one more thing that you need to know .
that means that lennox and floriant ... are brothers , pen whispers as if she is thinking the same thing .
that s the first sensible thing that s ever come out of your mouth , dagdron mumbled .
when they were a safe distance from the stall , earl said the first thing that day unrelated to the quest .
that is the most offensive thing that anyone has ever said to me .
dagdron ignored earl , realizing that his father had told him basically the same thing that grizzard just had , but dagdron had been too stubborn to understand it .
after all the bad things he 'd been told about aguerius forest , here he was in the most amazing place he 'd ever seen .
well that would have clued in the no boyfriend thing just a tad .
one thing my mum used to say to me when i was a kid was to not pull faces or the wind would freeze it in place like that forever .
first thing he said was this is for the little one who wo nt give me the time of day but has my heart .
dawn was breaking and before i even had a chance to say a thing he convinced me his bed is way more comfortable than mine and that i should test it out .
i could say the same thing son .
before i could think of a single thing to say , sonya stepped forward .
how could they even think such a thing !
that s an odd thing to say , amanda observed , her british accent echoing in the large , empty space .
i can tell you said the same thing a hundred times .
that s the first truthful thing you ve said all day , amanda replied .
the truth was the only thing that mattered , all other considerations rescinded .
is that a weird thing to say ?
and what we needed could be boiled down to one thing : to college nights , i said , and everyone smiled .
she could n't understand why they said such a thing , why they would blame her for it , and why they would want her to change .
that was the only thing laila could say at the moment , and no one could answer for her .
lea still had nothing to say to alonso , so she said the only thing that came to her .
that was the only thing that salena was thinking at the moment .
that 's the silliest thing you have said in the entire day . ''
the only thing we can tell you is to run away from her , or she 'll ko you fast . ''
answered alinda , and before leaving the ring , alinda and salena said one last thing to lea with a smile .
that was the only thing that salena could say .
the members around the ring started to question the same thing , wondering why did the coach took lea to the storeroom .
lea could feel that it was heavy , so it could only mean one thing : it was a weight vest .
it was the only thing that lea could say at the moment , too touched to find words .
the first thing that the girl asked was about her location , which luisa answered as her house .
then again , there is no such thing as a lucky punch . ''
after that , karen continued to slide away , but before going too far , she said one last thing to lea .
she could n't believe that hilda would ask such a thing in a moment like that .
she knew that it was a very dumb question , especially after hearing julie cry on lea 's back , but it was the first thing that came to lea 's mind .
that was the only thing that lea said , and julie walked back into her house .
` ` no , we must have thought the same thing .
that was the only thing that benen said , and payton responded by simply getting up in a sudden manner .
that meant only one thing for lea .
` ` do n't you remember the last thing maksim wrote ?
i have no idea how i got there , and the last thing i remember was this woman .
and the only thing her instincts were telling her right now was : find a way out .
i was going to ask you the same thing , said the director .
the next thing was angerat herself .
and if they come around here do nt tell them a thing .
i have come here to ask you the same thing .
she knew one thing for sure , that she did not want either of them hurting themselves or the other one .
he settled on the only thing that came to mind .
that was the first thing that keepers learned .
i understand- and i guess i overreacted over the whole arie thing .
really , annalise was glad to have a few moments from ash due to the harsh things he had said to her before they tried to fight their way out of the lair , as well as his interaction with those dreadful creatures .
finlay ran his hands down his face and sighed like ash was saying things that he already knew .
sorry , another thing i should tell you is they are very fast .
any time cats go missing it only meant one thing : a witch .
i kept reading and maybe about a third of the strange deaths that happened over the past 50 years all had someone who saw something , and all say the same thing .
but his equanimity in the midst of a prison uprising could only mean one thing .
got mugged , henry groaned , going with the first thing that came to his mind .
there was only one thing she wanted to know now .
it was always the same thing : be diligent in the duties assigned to you , manage the younger children in your house , attend chapel regularly , and try not to stand out ... blah , blah , blah .
he knew shai would be thinking the same thing .
he d made the whole thing up .
the last thing spartan said to me was that he wanted to kill me .
sally knew i was hiding things from her and i knew there were some strange things going on at parchman farm and i do nt just mean the people .
he said it was the first thing they told him when he joined the army years ago .
looking back i can see now that even though i never really bothered with dexter until i ran off , i was probably the nearest thing he had to a friend .
and another thing , boy , said preston as he pulled missile away from the stalls .
in marked contrast , ann was not really smiling , her hair and makeup were certainly not outstanding that day , and the best thing you could say about the outfit she was wearing would have been it was probably a little too casual for even the ` ` casual friday '' attire allowed at school .
shelly knew immediately that was the wrong thing to have said .
one more thing , and then we can change the subject .
but one thing dad must have forgotten .
one thing mal was certain of , the relationship between a guy and his truck was pretty serious .
but what was the second thing you had to tell me ? ''
` ` well , i was thinking the same thing .
there are hundreds of web sites that all quote bible verses and say the same thing .
` ` just tell me one thing amelia , '' mal said , ` ` will these little meetings with you always be so earthshaking ? ''
the last thing you told me was about the shovel floating through the air and meruzilak disappearing and no one ever seeing him again .
i heard the tv in the living room on a different channel , but the female reporter was saying almost the exact same thing .
that was actually the first thing i thought of .
but i was thinking the same thing as he was .
rae did n't say a thing .
the screaming changed to incoherent shrieks , to every single one of them yelling the same thing : kill me !
i looked around and all of the other crazy adults were yelling the same thing .
the only thing i could think was that maybe my mother knew what had happened or that my teammates would tell me at school .
no doubt sam was wondering the same thing .
we walked through the mall to the food court , and since none of us could settle on the same thing , we all went our separate ways and grabbed our selections .
last thing i heard had you two plotting each others bloody deaths .
the feeling coming off of my mom was an icy one , and i was sure if i opened my mouth to say the wrong thing that i would end up locked inside of my room permanently .
i had found out that even though john is angry about the whole bond thing , he had told nick that he understood why he had done it .
you know because of the whole no sunlight thing , and of course that you will probably try to kill your teammates .
it 's only that , you know , fair 's fair , and i know from fair , and could n't you at least let me out to stretch me legs , i 'd only be a moment , be hardly a flick of your fingers , kind sir , only i meant no offendin ' , and i can see i ' ve said something wrong and i 'll take it back and recant the whole thing only i ' ve got to be on the road , d'y'see , gobber 'd be expecting me -- '' through the slightly watery brown - red glaze of the darkglasses , skektek saw the chamberlain dragging a filthy cart through the corridor , leaving muddy tracks behind him .
it was , cory decided , a dumb thing to say .
` ` tell me the whole thing later -- '' said rian .
percival stood there in a white - out , wondering exactly the same thing .
it seemed like the appropriate thing to say as a leader .
we ve been wondering the same thing , mr . lonely said .
maybe , when the world suddenly stopped spinning and the sun no longer rose in the east , ' it will be okay ' was the only thing left to say .
` ` what a kind thing to say . ''
` ` so little dude has seen that ... that shadow ... thing before ?
link blurted out the first thing he could think of and moved to follow the officer down the stairs .
if panch was free from neverworld , it could only mean one thing .
no offense , watcher , but i thought the same thing about mrs . kidacki .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , '' he said .
tom , who must have realized the same thing , said , ` ` what about me ?
your mother thought the same thing .
it had to be , if her mother had taught her one thing , it was that the chinese were extremely hard working , clinical , thorough and relentless in their pursuit of progress .
simon turned to her , and smiled then , nodding , his eyes actually meeting hers for a moment , i was thinking exactly the same thing , leanne .
she says it like its the craziest thing she s ever heard .
just like the last time , she was certain that if she opened her mouth , the only thing shed be able to say would be this story .
she said almost the same thing to me .
but there was one thing i was nt realizing : we had parted to meet , right ?
i looked at her direction before replying , making sure i said the right thing : what a coincidence !
as we danced , i saw botho and one of the girls from the pool heading for the house in a speedy pace and i knew that could mean one thing : sex .
new sweet love things the next few weeks of my life were , well , awesome .
oh , sure , no problem love ; i actually heard nicole and sethunya talk of the same thing yeah , the guys and your girls and then she noticed the students and turned to me as i put my arm over her shoulder , why are they all staring and cheering at you babe ?
they are going to pay for this was the last thing i heard before i blacked out again .
his words said one thing , his eyes said another .
it was the worst possible thing a girl could say .
it was the worst possible thing he could have countered with .
the most terrible thing .
justdont you dare say a thing .
but whoever heard of such a thing ?
and to tell you one thing .
everything is going to be ok , i told her , because sometimes that s the thing people say when they feel bad .
somehow tyler always knew the right thing to say at the right time .
i was thinking the same thing , he said .
why is that the one thing aerlings can never remember ?
i guess some other people started thinking the same thing .
she s thinking the same thing i am .
for the first time , i wonder the same thing .
cause that s not gon na be the easiest thing to explain to a roommate .
the only thing i can come up with was that you re way shallower than i expected .
i do nt quite know where to begin , so i start with the first thing that comes to mind .
everyone else seems to be thinking the same thing .
its such a rare thing to hear coming out of her mouth .
that may not have been the best thing to say .
sorry i lied , sorry i said those things , sorry i did nt just tell you in the first place .
it was a terrible thing to say .
even if she reported everything to her parents , they want the same thing we doto see mason get home safely .
a short little thing with a temper and a pretty face .
i never would have met oliver weston for one thing .
and , from her tone and by the way her shoulders slumped , i knew that was the wrong thing to say .
i was wondering the same thing .
two , that ' legal guardian ' thing got my attention , but i decided to let it slide .
i knew enough to know better than to say the wrong thing to a woman , especially an older woman especially a woman i just met especially a woman who was both my landlady and possible meal preparer .
apparently , that was the wrong thing to say .
just like in oklahoma when i had to convince my dad of the same thing .
the one thing i did hear her say was , ` ` where are they ! ''
maybe not the best thing to say , but oh well .
the only thing i knew to say was i ' m sorry .
yes , i was actually i said my father was a preacher which basically means the same thing .
i guess j could say the same thing .
one thing i could gather very quickly about him , he was very possessive of what he thought was his .
that 's trueif it wad n't one thing , it was another .
` ` not the same thing , huh .
tien understood this , but it 's the kind of thing one always replies to by saying , ` ` no , i do n't really know what you mean . ''
` ` you could only mean one thing , '' jerry thought aloud , speaking about the servant .
its not my place to say , but i said some harsh things to her about it , and now she wo nt speak to me .
i mean , i know that sort of thing matters in real life , even though we say things like that do nt matter- no , no its not like that , martin stops maxs rambling .
one thing has become very clear to her .
they said one more thing and my life would be over .
mom said the same thing .
i thought about one thing .
all this time , you have nt shared one thing about yourself that is deeper than the layer of nail polish chipping on your fingernails .
wish i could say the same thing for the dragon .
when i entered the gym , ava picked me out and said one thing to me .
what if i said the wrong thing or heaven forbid starting rambling on and on about my life and totally bored him to the point where he could nt take even one more date with me ?
i blinked and blinked , and my throat got so choked up i could nt say a thing , which is unusual for me , as zeke waddled over .
i have one more thing i need to say .
uncle rudie let out a big roar like that was the funniest thing he d ever heard .
he said the weirdest thing to me .
that s the most intelligent thing any of you assholes have said all night .
i know cause i thought the same thing 40 years ago when someone noticed me , but what you ve both stumbled onto here tonight is potentially more dangerous than anything you can imagine if you fall into the wrong hands .
chapter eleven i do n't know the first thing about buying a gown .
everything thing in my body froze .
i was gon na ask you the same thing .
execpt for one thing .
the one thing that even i know deep down is the reason i have n't been right lately .
so how could i make it clear to him that being with nora was the only thing that made sense to me ?
her lips might have said one thing but her body screamed another .
the smile that wiped away his frown gave me hope i d said the right thing .
judging by the next thing he said , my words had been too convincing .
after what seemed like forever she whispered softly into his ear , that s the sweetest thing anyones ever said to me .
that s the noblest thing anybody has ever said to me .
how do you know just the right thing to say to get me to stop worrying ?
that s the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard !
we are all thinking the same thing .
they are thinking the same thing i am .
again same thing .
his last words to me were the same thing .
that thing barton was rambling on about ?
maybe one thing .
no argument was necessary , though the man would have had a thing or two to say if not for the gun aimed at him from point blank range .
do nt worry about me friend , i wo nt say a thing .
losing his train of thought , greg said the first thing that came to his mind .
she thinks the same thing .
she has no idea how to answer these questions because she wonders the same thing .
jules remembers the conversation with her parents the day before about the same thing , and agrees it would make the most sense .
she should stick up for stuart and his parents , yet she ca nt deny that she thinks the same thing .
i have news he said it in the significant tone of voice that could only mean one thing : celeste .
peter got the same thing , even though he did nt like black coffee .
i m sorry , peter said , not sure if that was the right thing to say or not .
its the only thing that makes sense , peter murmured .
well , i was nt totally sure a portal and a wormhole were the same thing , peter grumbled , sliding himself down to where the glass became concrete so he could pry himself away from the event horizon .
that s the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard , brock muttered .
that is the most utterly ridiculous thing i ve ever heard , said mr . jefferson scornfully , and his eyes flashed at his wife and younger son .
the first thing i want is to hear out of your mouth is you admitting that you caused that accident .
he did not see how those two things could both be true , but sargon had said that time had only tangential relevance to this place .
and the third thing ?
each time the door opened and someone stepped through , he got the same thing , leo !
doo ris friends all said the same thing , as well .
mel , that s an awful thing to say .
i was going to ask you the same thing , remy says , straightening up .
i can see why you d remember such a thing like that but that s not the point .
right , well i did get close enough to hear them say something about wisps , and they would nt have said such a thing , they knew better .
the look on this womans face was odd ; she looked as if his accusations sickened her , as if she could nt believe she had said such a thing .
i ve only known you for a week and yet i could nt tell you the first thing about yourself , i know nothing about you .
ryder was actually glad she had nt apologized ; he hates it when you tell someone something sad and the first thing out of their mouths is i m sorry .
her name is beautiful , your grandmother thought about calling my younger sister the same thing , she said as happy tears shone in her eyes .
aarons not my father , was the first thing sidney said .
hank had started to tell me the same thing , skylar announced .
do nt be that way we told hank the same thing .
because you re starting to sound like her , she asked me the same thing and dare i say it it was word for word too .
you sound kind of like my mother , she would have said the same thing , skylar said as she took rebeccas hand and gave it a gentle little squeeze .
i do nt care what the hell the reason could have been there is no such thing as a good reason for that !
i m pretty sure you said that same thing about the other 6 too , sidney mumbled .
i m really sick of hearing that excuse , she said as if her job did nt require her to say the same thing .
skylar had had a whole sorry speech mesmerized but she could nt remember it for the life of her so instead she said the first thing that came to mind .
if i knew one thing for certain , it was that lexi and i were solid .
this was the same thing that happened when ethan was in front of me looking all calm , cute , and collected : incoherent babble .
if one thing was made clear this week , lexi loved to eat as much as i loved to cook .
that was the one thing mom and i agreed on completely .
brooke blinked , as if shocked that i d think such a thing .
honestly , i d wondered the same thing about lexi but had also assumed that it was shock or panic .
as much as i hated playing dumb , it was good i found out about the phone number thing from brooke .
its also about the thing you ve buried deepest .
but before he left , he said one more thing .
ryan could have said that he d started a nuclear war and she would have probably said the same thing .
we did nt just dream the same thing .
they can often be thinking the same thing at the same time .
ryan glanced at sophie and was hoping she was nt thinking the same thing .
that is the most pathetically untrue thing i ve heard in a long while , said jack , unwrapping his neatly packed sandwiches and taking a bite out of one .
apparently it was supposed to teach him something , but the only thing ryan had learned was that he hated his teachers even more than he previously thought .
it ll teach the smug git a thing or two , he shrugged .
girls bitch about the same thing for weeks .
i was going to ask you the same thing , he replied .
the same thing i do every year : that i want to be treated like every other girl here and if she does nt like it , i would be just as happy to go to a public school where everyone is treated the same and parents do nt donate buildings .
that could only mean one thing : dave .
i d been at rosewood for two weeks and although everyone had been nice , the last thing i wanted to do was upset anyone , especially my roommate , the girl who had already done so much for me .
we made no further mention of the underwear , but it was sort of an unspoken thing between us since there was supposed to be some sort of reunion later that night .
i d told her on our way to the center what the dean had said and that shed told brady the same thing , so of course shed know why i did n't want to go to the stables .
what would make you say such a thing ?
it seemed a very odd thing to say .
oh , i ve forgotten to tell you one thing , mitali said , tensed .
he was thinking the same thing over and overyou can do it , sunshine .
i just needed to know one thing before we parted ways .
once they turn him , well teach him a thing or two about how to act right .
i ' m already freakin ' out about the no electricity thing .
i guess i should ask you the same thing .
one other thing that s important to know .
you said the same thing when we started looking for nicholas , riley said .
i told riley that we did nt get interrogated , cora said , and he still does nt believe me , even after an hour of me telling him the same thing over and over .
cora and genevieve must have been thinking about the same thing because they both had their own ways of telling him .
genevieve had nt said a thing .
she said pretty much the same thing that she did before .
she , too , said pretty much the same thing .
i said the same thing to mr . weathers , and he told me to focus on the realization .
i could say the same thing about your life what you have seen and what you have done .
she pushed him away and locked herself in the bathroom because she felt the same thing for him that she felt for the bartender : nothing .
that 's the only thing that makes sense .
i was waiting for her to tell me she was suffering from the symptoms that i knew could mean only one thing : theron had turned her into a luna .
haruki must have been tasting the same thing i was because he also tossed his half finished drink in the trash .
i could have said , you have n't taught me anything , but that would have been stupider than the last thing i had just said .
socrates was the wisest man in athens because he knew one thing .
i could have said the same thing back .
she just wanted to know one thing .
sometimes the scariest thing is if she says yes because then you have to do something about it .
or some such thing .
the same thing that happens to every drug dealer .
she only asked one thing of us , and faizel refused to promise her that .
it still did n't explain one thing , the one thing that mattered right now .
it still did n't explain one thing , the one thing that mattered right now .
that was pretty close to the last thing i needed .
it was the same thing guidance counselors said when they destroyed your dreams .
the most useful thing duncan could say was that the bartender had been extremely helpful .
next thing you 're going tell me is that our souls have been struggling like this for all history .
and if it came up , to answer any nisha giselle luna questions before iris could say the wrong thing .
i just want to know one thing , duncan .
we would n't say a single thing .
if you know one thing about me , you know i get what i want .
i have no motherly instinct , i said , appealing to the one thing she should n't have been able to resist .
she thinks the the end and the journey are the same thing .
he leaned down and kissed me , the second thing that had stopped my breath .
you have n't told me a single thing that happened in that year .
i ' ve give you one thing , nisha , he said .
she felt that her parents were thinking the same thing and so she tried thinking of a way to relieve the tension .
i wondered what she did before i came ; and then i realized probably the same thing i did at all of my other schools : sit alone , stand alone , and eat alone .
i mean sure , the whole kiss thing last night left an impression , but i was sure any girl would have had the same reaction .
i found it ironic how easy it was for me to believe the whole super - human , magic skills thing ; but how hard it was to take the monarchy , governing council , rules and regulations part seriously .
twenty pairs of eyes stared at me as if i had just said the most absurd thing .
i can do whatever i want , his eyes hardened , and i began to doubt we were talking about the same thing anymore .
of course i said the same thing about romania , and then again about the rustic beauty of hungary .
jupiter repeated as if it were the most insane thing he had ever heard .
that is the most hillbilly thing i have ever heard , piper sighed and tristan grinned at her .
and i ve always been fine with the whole destined - to - just - be - friends thing .
even if it was the wrong thing to say , my friend piper was funny .
and then the last thing i heard from her was , stella !
oh , mrs . tanner , i wish i could say the same thing , i replied as sweetly as i could .
god , ana , that is the ugliest thing you have ever said !
and probably the most honest thing i had ever said to a boy .
i had been over this same argument a million and thirteen times before , always trying to convince myself of the same thing .
hendrix looked down at me dumbfounded , like i d just said the most insane thing .
i get the independence thing , but you re not going south until we get the hell out of here and to safety .
we had a habit of saying the same thing or finishing each others sentences .
its the first thing that came to my mind .
i kind of wondered the same thing myself .
evan caught my eye , and i knew he was thinking the same thing .
i wondered if katie felt the same thing .
apparently , that was the right thing to say .
the same thing she always said .
that s an odd thing to say .
it was an unusual thing to say about someone .
i d say the same thing in his shoes .
he started by saying practically the same thing you did , and then he lost me .
mom went next and said more or less the same thing .
i could ask you the same thing .
its the only thing that makes sense , i said .
maybe i should ask you the same thing , i said .
i know , i know , its convenient for me to say this now that i am gone , and i d like to think that if this had nt happened , if i was healthy and still with you , i would eventually have said the same thing .
as her father cleared the table and started the washing up , he said one last thing to her before she retreated to her bedroom .
but she did want to know one thing , regardless of the risk it posed to this newfound , borrowed memory .
if there were flipped cars , discarded laundry and other weird things going on in this town up in the rocky mountains then that meant only one thing : elves .
i m going to make one thing clear : do not get in my way .
i had to give them one thing : they did nt give up .
if it could start snowing randomly on a day like this it meant one thing : yetis .
and , in the end , inspiration graced his mind with its presence as a reward for his tenacity and , with a gesture of triumph , he exclaimed but sure thing ! , his intonation being somewhat similar to the one with which archimedes once proclaimed his famous eureka , as he sat up , demanding confirmation of his guess from me .
the second thing , i want to assure you that i will do everything i can to help .
it was like experiencing emotions yourself and sharing them at the same time so new and so familiar at once , and that could mean only one thing we were drawn to each other .
i do nt remember when i ve ever done the opposite , but i ca nt say the same thing about you !
mama wo nt suspect a thing .
it was a weird thing to say , even as a joke .
the only thing that she could say for sure from reading her list was that she could nt rule anybody out as a suspect .
then frank and joan said the same thing at the same time .
joan and milton said the same thing at the same time .
all of them were overly large and they all showed the same thing , clouds .
miranda eyes opened wider , she had heard the same thing last night .
there were many faces over her all asking the same thing .
suddenly , i m no longer alone in the world , and the twisted , frightening people that shamble out of the houses all tell me the same thing .
there is one last thing i must tell you before you leave .
it 's the first thing i ve heard him speak .
the funny thing is , jude used to do this same thing to me when he d want me to shut up .
the last thing i 'd said was the truth .
do you remember the last thing you told me , jude ? ''
actually , many years ago , when i was giving this very lecture a young man asked the very same thing !
felix must have been wondering the same thing , because he kept mumbling to himself as he continued to prepare our meal .
no one would lie about such a thing .
` ` that is the weirdest thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
` ` killing me does n't change a thing .
and i did nt know the last thing about washing dishes .
sometimes i just say the first thing that comes to my head .
and i am not sure how serious i was , but it seemed like the best thing to say at the moment .
yes , i know , but it was the most intelligent thing to say that i could think of at the moment .
same thing as i told you last time .
and that was the last thing i remember saying .
the only thing i could think of on the spot was , he s a nonpayer .
and it was the only thing i could think of to say .
the one with a braid in her hair , she said the same thing .
it can help with whateverbackwards , wild man grunting thing that s dribbling off your lips .
you ca nt miss it , and i must add one more thing .
no , i shuddered , and i m surprised a woman of your class would ask such a thing .
considering i m a zombie because of you , i do nt owe you a thing .
i could nt help but think back to elliot saying the same thing over the phone .
that may have been the dorkiest , gayest thing i ve heard in my entire life .
the one thing i do know , doc said .
it was the only thing we had agreed on .
i had nt been expecting the girl friend question and i had blurted out the first thing i could think of .
usually , my fathers glower would have me quaking , but i just could nt take one more thing today .
the only thing i was absolutely sure of was that i was in very deep shih - tzu .
his comment about catching a spy - fish disturbed harry deeply ; it could only mean one thing : he was planning to catch mac , who presumably would be alerted to harrys kidnapping .
but the only thing i could think of was that maybe he had enjoyed this soothing breeze from the sea , sitting under the same fig tree i was standing by .
mom asked me first thing in the morning after a long night driving back from barcelona .
he was saying things that should have scared me , but his voice was so sweet and sad , and his eyes so innocent .
one foot already outside , she turned to say one last thing to me .
i did nt dare ask anything , worried about asking the wrong thing .
i seem to always say the wrong thing to you , but its not my intention .
i could only ask for one more thing .
i touched his lips with mine just to let him know one last thing , and not just for food .
he thought that any single thing he might say could influence my final choice .
there s no such thing as too young .
she had to wonder if he was hiding his pain or had he made the whole thing up to get in her room .
she could nt believe how hurtful it was , hearing those things about yourself and knowing the entire country would be reading them .
in the blink of nicks brown eyes , all the things he d never said to his father rushed into his brain , choking off any words or feelings the way a weed chokes out a healthy plant .
ink reveals if you are crazy , rebellious , or fresh out of prison , all without actually having to say a thing .
that was the last thing she said to his face before she got in the car and left .
she glanced over at penora who seemed to be thinking the same thing .
she asked it as though she was desperate her husband had made the whole thing up .
its just the same thing .
i ve thought about the same thing .
i sent her a letter and i tried to have my father talk to mr . albany , but the most i got was my father telling me the same thing you just did .
now , i must tell you one more thing , but i do not want you to do anything stupid about it .
every time he d said he was going to do something and did nt do it , quinn had never said a thing .
leon pointed at kosner and asked him the same thing .
when i see millie , i will simply tell her the same thing .
the last thing she thought was that she had never lost a fight in her life .
if you were with me , you would have the same thing , obelladonna said .
i nod , wondering if someone could say the same thing about me , or any of us .
no need to apologize , and i have to agree with doug on one thing .
was it that new mexican place down the road casue i ve heard nothing but bad things about their food ?
i know what it means when parents use the first - and - last - name approach in an argument , so i have to think it means about the same thing when a friend utters it .
that s another thing , i say , turning toward her .
but it still means the same thing , he pauses , to us .
ifaut said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world .
at least we can agree on one thing , she said almost bitterly .
i did nt need him saying that kind of thing too loud .
one more thing was clear that i did nt realize until that moment .
authorities ask that those who may know of her whereabouts , was the last thing i heard before i bolted upstairs , still trying to catch my breath from scolding hot coffee burning the back of my throat and nearly choking me to death .
i knew one more thing than i knew before .
and so he said the first thing that came to mind .
i do not natter on , she said , in response to his thoughts , why would you say such a mean thing ?
i was about to say the same thing to you .
i was talking to pip , but i probably could say the same thing about you .
i was kind of hoping the girlfriend thing in the pub might not have been a slip .
the only thing i was certain of was that christian wanted lily to be with him .
i expect the same thing you are .
i told him the same thing .
and there s another thing zak pauses .
if we limit ourselves to verbal updates and write the odd thing down well , as you know paper burns and words can be denied ! ''
proudly , hank confessed , ` ` y' all have to keep this next thing i ' m gon na tell ya a secret i ' m runnin ' fer senator but no one can know yet , see ? ''
after he exhaled , the general concluded that men like ferengson would promise a thing from one side of their mouth , while breaking the promise on the other side .
he had hand - painted the english words equipment room : authorized personnel only below the same thing in spanish painted by pedro , the mine foreman .
i did nt go anywhere near that scooter , was the only thing i had left to say .
oh yaa , jonsen replied , like he d forgotten about the whole thing .
every time he told it i became more and more certain he was making the whole thing up detail by detail in order to shelter me .
i actually had some windows after highschool that i f - ed up epically by saying really stupid things like ya , i def think i could cheat on emma or i m working on a book about jesus being reborn in a third world country .
this was the other thing justyn always said to me when we hung out .
mike did nt pause when he spoke , he only hesitated for the slightest second until the next thing popped into his head .
i thought the same thing about you .
as far as i knew , only mia and morris could say the same thing .
she laughed , yawe made the whole thing up though .
i remember the only thing i said to her as she lied on the tractor floor .
last thing i heard was that someone randomly ran into him at a party and he was on some crazy e / molly binge .
plus , every girl i d talked to only said one thing , i m over it .
but i ca nt say any of this to brandon , so i say the only thing i can , what about marcus , brandon ?
what a retarded thing to say .
i m tired of hearing it , the exact same thing .
i just had one thing to say .
you told me the poem thing .
almost as if he knew every perfect thing to say to her .
he probably says the same thing to every girl .
she wondered how many naive women had said that same thing right before a serial killer took them and snuffed out their lives .
there you go again saying every right thing .
i mean , its like you said every single thing i wanted to hear .
he roared with delight , as if that was the funniest thing ever said .
i got supm ta tell ya , cory , an its a hard thing .
that s the only plausible thing i can come up with .
he did nt listen to the words ; he listened with his heart for what she meant , which always came down to the same thing : i love you .
if you could change one thing about jessie , what would it be ?
cory , jessie , get the truck loaded while i write this thing .
same thing she is .
the only thing we know is noah and sara are nt going to believe the truth .
its the most insane thing i ve ever heard .
it was the first thing that i tried to recall when i woke up but since i do nt have a medical background , that information was lost immediately as the terms are completely unfamiliar to me , emily said regretfully .
nothing happened , is the first thing that adam manages to say as i frantically put on my shoes .
ill try , is the only thing that comes out of my mouth .
my iphone is broken , is the only thing that comes out of my mouth .
that s the first thing that i manage to think .
that s the only thing that escapes my lips .
that s the worst thing that can possibly happen .
is the only thing that comes out of my mouth ?
it seems that nathan is thinking the same thing so he nods his agreement .
she s a lot nicer than my mother , is the only thing that i can say .
if i were a guy and i wanted a woman to think good things about me , first thing i 'd do is cuddle a baby .
so far , i have n't been able to confirm a single thing about his story .
one last thing , said the doormaster .
the three companions looked at each other , each thinking the same thing .
i do n't know the first thing about dancing .
because anyone and everyone who knows me has asked the same thing .
zell shouted in refusal to believe such a thing .
when we were all in a tangle with those plants , i overheard some things you were shouting .
i do not say such a thing in hyperbole i say it in wonder , but with veracity .
i do nt know why i said the name i guess it was just the one thing that made most sense to me to try and summarize all that ionmar and i had spoken about .
brandel summarized it better than i ever could have anyway : racing against time for the prize of happiness , though faolan said that was the stupidest thing he d ever heard .
the one important thing you must remember , however , is that you can not let it drop .
surely a man like this , king of an otherworldly realm , would never say such a thing about someone he so obviously loathed and who hated him in return .
i pulled the crown to me , interposing it between us , and said the only thing that came to mind : oberon help !
i d pretty much told my mother the same thing earlier .
with what seemed like endless tossing and turning and his mind working overtime , ben knew one thing for sure , he would nt get any sleep that night until he knew .
that s a very odd thing to say , do nt you think ?
ben was bombarded by questions from all around him , though they were all asking generally the same thing .
carl turned again to leave , but felt the need to say just one more thing before he left .
matthew searched for the right thing to say as all of his plans appeared to be falling apart .
sure thing , sir .
ever since one of the reporters said they had nt ruled you out as a suspect , its the only thing they believe .
that s pretty much the most obvious thing you could point out .
the thing you would nt tell me in the meeting .
i guess no one really noticed the way i picked up on every little thing , the way i would blurt out what someone had been hiding after they spoke to me for the first time .
no matter what someone says to me , the first thing i hear is the truth .
for as long as i can remember , the first thing anyone says to me is a hidden truth .
the first thing i hear him say is that he used rohypnol on his girlfriend at a party over the weekend .
sad thing .
` ` do you maybe have some compulsion talent added in with the whole honesty thing ? ''
` ` you know what the first thing you said to me tonight was ?
` ` sure thing , mom , '' i gasp , nearly losing it when cole turns to me in bewilderment .
my heart pounds hard against my ribs , the loudest thing i ' ve ever heard .
his voice is almost incredulous , as though stunned that she could ' ve believed such a thing .
what an odd thing to say , unless what they d meant was that i looked egyptian like them ?
no , i exhaled , that was the most wonderful thing anyones ever told meexpect , your fathers alive .
not much to her is theregood thing we ate .
what had happened to alison had made one thing perfectly clear .
the only thing they were sure of was that her parents were dead .
i was about to say the same thing .
johnny , i only have one thing to say to you .
it was a dumb thing to say .
no matter what his motives were in the beginning or how things play out in the end , johnny is certain about one thing .
proverbs 23:1 - 7 gives us an example of a man who says one thing with his mouth , but his heart is saying something else .
saul begged samuel in the next verse for forgiveness , but samuel told him the same thing he told him in verse 23 .
` ` look , it 's a teacher at your school , so you ca n't say a thing to anyone . ''
even without knowing the man , the first thing that came to ice 's mind was ' he 's not right . '
he 'd asked himself the same thing last night as he texted with lynn after he got home .
i think this is the best thing that has ever happened to you .
will you tell me one thing , before you go ?
for all the witty banter i d made over the years i could nt think of a single thing to say .
when we buy a house , my little molly - polly , shed say , the first thing i m going to get you is a swing .
i have the hardest thing of all to tell you , the girl said .
you d think two years of dating would have taught him a thing or two .
they continued as if i had nt said a thing .
i promised no such thing , sa boomed from behind them .
do nt worry dear , you wo nt remember a thing , henrietta said .
that is the vaguest thing you ve ever said to me .
the only thing he was capable of being was irritatingannoyingpeskyand there s probably a hint of self - centered there somewhere .
it was the cutest thing katie had ever heard , until traci snorted .
but my dad said an increase in the d - range population only means one thing .
if you forget everything i said , just remember one thing , lucinda said , putting a single bullet in a small pistol .
he would nt say one nice thing .
that was the first thing they had said to each other all morning .
sure , christi probably could have beat her up a few months ago , but fighting tristan taught katie one thing : she could fight anyone and come out alive and on top .
eyes flickered between brian holding his face , will daring his son to say one more thing , and tristan .
that was the last thing she ever said to me .
he came up beside selena just as dargha said , there s just one thing missing , though .
she had to remember to get dargha to inscribe the same thing on her .
sure thing , ron , thomas answered .
from the look he was giving her , he was thinking the same thing .
its the most horrible thing imaginable .
sara could nt think of a thing to say about that .
sure thing , sweetheart .
sure thing , miss .
but i do need to know one thing .
sara thought that was the most ridiculous thing shed ever heard .
but one thing i knew to be true was that every southern - born lady believed the cure to just about any ailment or heartbreak was some old - fashioned , down - home cookin .
it was nt a home but it was the closest thing i had ever experienced .
i reached out and grasped at the one thing i knew was true .
i felt relieved , as stupid as it sounds , that at least one thing remained the same .
she said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world .
i wish you would nt say things like that , i said , throwing the stick in the fire , watching it wrap its orange and yellow flames around the thin arm of wood and draw it into the heat .
tucking her hair behind her ear and cocking her head to the side , she chirpily replied , sure thing !
your name is the only thing they told me about you , but i do nt see any need to get to know each other this morning .
there is just one more thing i have to know before i can allow edyn to sleep .
its especially jarring first thing in the morning ; half of my body takes longer to wake up than the rest .
there is no inflection in her voice to tell me what she is thinking or why she would say such a thing .
that was perhaps the single most awkward thing i could have said .
by the time class was over , xander could nt recall a single important thing the professor had taught that day .
he did nt pay attention to a single thing the professor said during the lecture that day .
i could say the same thing to you , sean replied .
that was probably the most painful thing of all .
you know , that s a pretty bitchy thing to say in front of a guy who no longer has one .
she has her nurse face on and i know if i say the wrong thing , i m going to end up spending the night in the hospital .
vicky said the first thing that came to her mind , smacking her head at how dumb she sounded when darien snickered on the other end of the line .
this was another thing he had nt expected from her .
you know , i got the same thing , vanessa added .
there was only one thing he was sure about .
when she reached the part about the trip to harshville , she said that it was better if they joined with bernard , knowing that her friend would make her repeat the whole thing .
liz , your vital - energy , the thing that keeps you alive , is still freaking low now after twelve hours of sleep .
kaci had a bright future but she was nt sure if she could say the same thing for herself .
there was one thing that brody was certain of : he did nt want to step foot into the davidson household ever again .
the only thing that i want , she began , is for you to leave cami alone .
just tell me one thing , brother .
that was a very good question , the same thing they asked of me when i was sent to glory academy .
hoping it was the right thing to say .
was that the thing about the plants or something .
drew said the same thing .
i know i ca nt really remember reality right now , but i m pretty sure there s no such thing .
and it was the same thing i d felt that night at the lake .
i wafted there , afraid of saying the wrong thing .
i did nt want to be alone there with bryns things and my half stitched memory and that bitter thing on my tongue that tasted like tears and guilt and fear .
i kept out the ghost thing and made it sound more like i d just klutzed my way onto his radar .
i d been thinking the same thing .
the voice was angry and probably the most beautiful thing i d heard in a long time .
tithren , that s a horrible thing to say .
still , it might not have been the tactful thing to say , given mothers preference for mediation over confrontation .
cunning one , i would leave you alone if you could tell me one thing , he said .
the effects of killing the ophidians and consuming their body parts had yet to be fully understood , but one thing was clear .
that s the last thing she says before slipping past me and into the house .
it was nt the only thing i looked up .
i say the first thing that comes into my head .
dinners good , ivy says , but i want one other thing .
for a moment , i wonder if he s thinking the same thing i am , and i m afraid he s going to deny me .
there is nt much i can tell her because it would require me to explain about turning sixteen and being too dangerous to be sent to school , or any of what happened because of that , but there is one thing i can tell her .
well obviously everyone knows her but me , she said a bit angry that he would even imply that she was lying about such a thing .
he walked past their row to tell the row behind then the same thing .
if he thinks i have a boyfriend then maybe he would nt be too persistent with me , but he finds out that i do nt then sees that s my point exactly instead of just writing the first thing that comes to mind you have to think about it , he whispered , his breath tickling the hairs on her neck .
without thinking too much about it she wrote : i was thinking , but that s because the first thing that had come to mind had nothing to do with youand that was true , the first thing that had come to her mind was the fact that she s never really had a boyfriend before , she never really found anyone that interested in her before .
without thinking too much about it she wrote : i was thinking , but that s because the first thing that had come to mind had nothing to do with youand that was true , the first thing that had come to her mind was the fact that she s never really had a boyfriend before , she never really found anyone that interested in her before .
i was about to say the same thing to you , she bit out in anger but not letting her voice rise above a whisper .
was the only thing she could possibly manage to get out of her mouth .
did you think about a thing that i had told you back at the house ?
well another thing i ve learned about an imprint is that an imprint can occur once a vampire sucks a human consorts blood , and again may the record show that i ai nt never had any leech stick their teeth in me and live to carry out the imprint , besides if someone sucked my blood i would know .
i know i asked myself the same thing .
i could say the same thing to you .
yea i know , llorel said the same thing and i told him maybe next time , she said .
just tell me one thing , if and when the dreams start , you ll let us help you .
no , i want the other thing .
i thought i should know it , fear raced through me and the only thing i could remember was my uncle townsley , telling me to make a room for myself , an impregnable vault .
the only thing i have nt been able to read were bugs .
mitchell said only one thing to me , dantan , this is nt for you , its for sergeant bilberry , so behave yourself , and be gracious .
look , the boys are about to snatch you away from me look , the women have began to gossip about some silly thing you said to your sister last night baby , i want you to know always you are the girl that has arrested my heart and senses you are that girl i dream about every night , angel you are that lady love deeply and sincerely you are that girl i would like to marry when i look into your eyes i can see my future with you when i look into your soul i can see how more brilliant and blazing your love for me keeps on growing you are as lovely as the stars arrayed orderly and delightfully about me lovely as a butterfly when ravishing and enchanting it hovers in the air yes , you are my butterfly it worked .
while i walked my way on the road , having dropped out of a cab that had driven me to mutondo street , i pondered and mused about him , smiling and chuckling to myself whenever i remembered some laughable and witty thing he said or acted out in my presence .
i kept thinking the same thing out there .
elle thought for a split second , trying to decide what would be the best thing to say .
ellis grabbed ahold of elles hand and they both ran toward the bridge , both thinking the same thing and hoping that aran would be able to make it back .
if i had nt seen it with my own eyes , i woulda said the same thing .
apparently that was the right thing to say , because the people went nuts .
just next time do nt say one thing and do another , okay ?
joyah smiled , remembering her asking her aunty the same thing a million times .
it sounded like the kind of thing someone closer to mals age would say , but it was true .
shed do whatever he wanted , just as long as he did that one thing .
she looked at gilla and saw that the girl was thinking of the same thing .
there is no such thing as a good morning , mal said .
the same thing was true for these people .
that s a silly thing to say .
joyah considered that an odd thing to say right then .
santi wondered if the mother or anyone in the bookstore would tell him the same thing .
professor fabie smirked , nodding at her like she had said the best thing in the world .
the same thing happened with the bees and my aunt .
yeah , and soon , shane added , glad she was thinking the same thing .
no one said a thing , all just looking back at him with expressions that seemed even bleaker than before .
its such a controversial thing to think , let alone say aloud .
empty is the first thing that comes to mind , but i quickly realise as much as that s true , there s something that feels much worse for me than that .
i never know how much to say in those sessions and i do nt want to say the wrong thing and get in trouble .
instead it drives me towards the closest thing i ve had to a leadtowards the aged care ward to see dr . wilson .
that s one thing you ca nt accuse me of .
i just thought that was the type of thing that cemented relationships .
i ca nt say ill always say the right thing to roaden , but i care about him .
my dad must have taken the phone because next thing i hear carly say is , i do nt know what happened uncle brad , she was swimming and then screamed and jayden pulled her up , but her legs wo nt move , she ca nt move them and when we tried to , we could nt either .
no this letter could only mean one thing , my mother is still alive and i could nt wait till morning to find out if my father knew .
it must have worked because the next thing i hear is what the hell are you doing here ?
she says the last thing she says stops me in my tracks .
` ` i will probably say the same thing if i ever have a daughter . ''
you always know the right thing to say .
let me just make one thing clear i m watching you .
that was the cruellest thing i ever heard anyone say to me .
tell me one thing more before i leave , she said and then she looked deep into my eyes .
pay attention , because this next thing i teach is the most important thing you need to learn .
chief akolo omitted the most important thing .
just that she s right about the only ones on the island for each other thing she said .
he told me exactly the same thing .
good because i was thinking the same thing .
she was nt sure what that thing was , but she did know one thing ; it was nt there to harm them , and as she continued to watch she saw two more creatures join him , their bodies smooth and fast keeping pace as more of the leaf birds fell at their feet as they cleared the way through the relentless attack .
that cloud could mean only one thing .
the primrose court has returned , she remarked , that can mean only one thing .
that i promise , cass growled , but only if you in return promise me one thing .
i kept interrupting , saying things like , ` ` that 's not what happenedshe 's lyingi was n't cussing at her '' mr . moss kept shushing me and telling me to be quiet .
they both started yelling at me , as if i 'd just said the rudest thing , saying i had no right telling them to be quiet and other shit .
all i could think about , the same thing that kept going through my mind at makayla 's house , was that look on my mom 's face when she found out i stole the money from her purse .
one thing i can say for her , when she got her mind on something , she did n't slow down for nothin ' but went charging right through .
would n't you know it , the first thing she said to me when she walked in the front door was , ` ` you had sex with calvin 's brother ?
i 'd just lost my boyfriend , and the only thing my mom could say was that it was my fault .
and even though she was trying to avoid me , i knew that all i had to do was say one thing to her , anything , and it 'd be on .
one thing they were saying was that the first time calvin and i broke up , it was n't just dwayne who had sex with me , but the other guys , too .
first thing she asked them , after she rolled down her window , was if they knew where we could find this guy , dj .
eric and i must ' ve been thinking the same thing , or at least , it seemed like we were .
i knew she was mad at hope , but why would she say thatthe same thing hope read on a table not even a month ago ?
but as i started to walk away , she said , ` ` oh , macy , when i talked to mr . moss today , he said he thinks you have anger problems and that you should see someone , which is the same thing i ' ve been saying for months .
i knew i was n't adopted , and the only thing i could think about was hope .
then she looked down the street , sort of squinting , and said , ` ` you know that thing corena said to me the other day ?
i said that 's the same thing corena did , that she was just like charles manson .
first thing i asked her was , ` ` what 's wrong ? ''
she said , ` ` you ca n't fix the world , macy , '' which was the last thing i wanted to hear , especially from her .
i pat her back and realize i m saying almost the exact same thing zac said to me just moments before .
stop saying the same thing over and over again .
even though she said she wants to look toward the future , she keeps on saying the same thing over and over again , but she ca nt look at me in the face .
fore we get started , lets get one thing straight .
same thing you are .
mrs . masters told me the same thing , and you have my guarantee on it , police chief clarkson replied .
beronns raised brow and scowling lip told nick that he d said the wrong thing .
next thing you re going to say is that you do nt know where dragons store their fire .
not to mention the last thing the nuncio said was the gorgons are overrunning huron .
that was the last thing nikolas wanted to hear from daniel .
would you care to tell me one thing , my valued dear darling ?
would she state whatever thing ?
having mused and determined that , i stayed immobile and quiet , noiselessly praying that she would say out the entire thing just to cool and quiet down my inquisitiveness and nagging ache to be all aware of every little bit of tads and pieces .
tell me one thing please , will you ?
either case , i was here with alvin whether he liked it or not and i was getting some photos carried through in spite of whatever despicable thing he contemplated and held relating to me .
not a word , not a thing that he had to say .
there was no any such thing .
that was the wrong thing to say , of course he would , he was chucked out of heaven because of gran .
that statement was the only thing i had contributed to the battles .
the last thing she could remember was ff slapping her on the shoulder and the stab of pain that she had felt as she climbed into the military copter .
its the first thing i can think of asking .
what a stupid thing to say ?
lets get one thing very clear .
my mouth has gone dry and i ca n't think of a single thing to say especially with mel standing right behind me .
its the only thing i can think of asking .
zip tells me the same thing .
` ` first sensible thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
she wondered the same thing now .
it 's ridiculous the amount of hours i spend with elizabeth , and i only get to say the inappropriate thing .
i wake up exhausted , as if my mind had gone on thinking about the same thing over and over during the night , without my permission .
` ` this isamazing '' that 's the only thing i can say , i still do n't believe that i am up here with her .
given the circumstances , i do n't want to remain here much longer so i pick all my stuff and walk out of the classroom , before i leave i can hear her saying one last thing .
i can feel my body tremble , and the only thing i can do is wrap myself with my arms and hope for it to stop .
` ` i ' m sorry , i did n't want to touch it '' that 's the only thing i can say given the circumstances .
the next thing i am sure about is that it was indeed , just a dream .
i lie on my bed , and with my eyes closed i think about all that happened during these past hours , and by the end of the very last memory , there 's only one thing i can think to myself , proudly .
` ` why would you say such thing ? ''
in the end , i pick up what i consider to be important , which is the same thing barbra told me when i walked into her house .
he looks at me , i know he thinks ill of me for asking such a thing , if it was for him , he would remain silent all the way .
but there is one thing we both know for sure , we are alone now , gods wo n't back us up , and mal 's hunger for revenge makes it impossible for us to try to find allegiance in the world above .
chapter 19 thank heaven for little girls chapter 20 cold shoulder chapter 21 hail mary chapter 22 blow me away chapter 23 he wo nt remember a thing chapter 24 a girls best friend chapter 25 uninvited chapter 26 seraphina chapter 27 a traumatic token chapter 28 bosom friends thank you chapter 1 the favor i knew daddy would be home soon , but it was such a perfect dayand i just could nt wait !
it was a gift that reminded me of one thing that my mother was once capable of loving me unconditionally .
oh , nothin much i just heard every freakin thing that creepy guy was sayingin his daggone head !
is nt your bff supposed to believe you , no matter what crazy thing pops out of your mouth ?
i could ask the same thing , i grumbled quietly as i headed across the backyard , straight for the workshop .
casually , i stood there ( slightly amused ) while i listened to samuel try to figure out why their new boss would ever say such a thing .
shiloh , i ve lived long enough to know one thing .
clearly he seemed upset , but i was nt quite sure about what the ms . sutherland thing , or the i do nt know if you were going to kiss me , but i m not havin it thing ?
that was the only thing i was certain of at this point .
i just thought i did nt because it was the last thing my mother had given meout of love .
she s pretty much a bitch , i replied with a vigorous nod while i reflected upon every horrible thing shed ever said or done .
what a peculiar thing to say , i pondered curiously .
and do nt you worryafter i pump him full of rohypnol , he wo nt remember a thing , she added with a wink and then shooed me away with her hands .
and unfortunately , the only thing that would satisfy her was the truth .
i waited for her response , but every time she opened her mouth , the only thing that came out were steady streams of teary wails fueled by pain and sorrow .
you were nt going to say a thing !
how could you ever think such a horrible thing ?
i m missing her so much i m hearing things , i remarked out loud , as i rose from my chair .
like most kids her age , places like disneyland , los angeles , hollywood , and anaheim all meant the same thing .
she was trying to keep up the normal happy disney cast member attitude , but after explaining the same thing to hundreds of groups over the past hour her impatience was starting to show .
i was thinking the same thing about your dad , dizzy said .
i do nt have to do a damn thing you say .
the narrowed eyes and flared nostrils , the white knuckles pressing into the surface of his mahogany desk ; these all spelled out one thing : danger .
` ` charon said the same thing . ''
see , one thing that i have learned above all else since i became a reaper is that the details of any particular religion or belief is not what s important about faith .
ill say one other thing about our women ; no one can ever accuse them of being shy .
stephen grinned , such a trite thing to say .
i ve lost count of the number of times my mothers asked the same thing of me .
that s one thing to be said for working outside , there s no one watching over you .
i was all too aware that he did nt hold me the way paula did the first thing he asked was if the varnish on his portrait was dry yet .
paula told me that very same thing , that you do nt have to have a meal to drink here .
it was an inane thing to say but he smiled pleasantly and agreed that i was right .
a fine thing for mccready to say , when the two of us had only just finished our nightly bout of copulation -once a night , as if to a prescription , to help him sleep- and i wondered why he felt the need to mention it .
and another thing , said ron , drinking again and then setting the flask down on the table .
wisest thing , teacher nodded .
that s not quite the same thing .
' will you tell me one thing ? '
maritza told me the same exact thing on earth .
jamie shook his head , it can only mean one thing .
which meant one thing : his kingdom was n't safeno , his family was n't safe .
jin asked , thinking the same thing .
` ` no such thing , jin , no such thing .
` ` no such thing , jin , no such thing .
7 jinji ~ open ocean ~ eight days on a boat had taught jinji one thing about rhenhe had an inherent disregard for clothing .
her people were gone , her life shattered , but her name was one thing no one could steal .
` ` i will help you save your prince , but only if you can promise me one thing . ''
the very thing she had been dreading rhen would say , would believe .
` ` what we offer , '' the king said , stepping around the table , closing in on his rebellious lords with nothing but rage on his face , ` ` is the same thing we ' ve offered for hundreds of yearssoldiers . ''
that s the most important thing to remember .
you should nt say such a thing , or attack people .
but i do nt think it really is anybodys fault or any one thing exactly .
basha blinked and stared at fato , wondering why the falcon would think such a thing , but soon everyone else was clamoring to give jobe a chance .
you should nt ask such a thing of me when i know this is wrong .
i lift up my hands to stop him is this more about that whole chosen one thing ?
i need you to be my friend , i do nt need a fragile relationship that is liable to break at the seams if one of us does or says the wrong thing .
but i do know one thing , if there were any of them i would trust to have on my side , it would be marcus .
the first thing she said was that she liked to walk outside at night to watch the starsit made her feel connected , as if everything had purpose .
he does nt ask the next obvious question out loud , but i know he s thinking the same thing as me : a little farther up will the ledges eventually vanish ?
but if i tell you this one thing , will you share something with me , too ?
the only thing that made sense to fiona was to ask , why ?
he did nt want to say the wrong thing and come on too strong .
i ve only got one thing to say , so listen up .
that s the last thing i d expect to come flying out of your mouth .
there s no such thing as too many muscles .
i did nt know what to say and i was afraid if i said the wrong thing , you d just cut me off .
she wanted to say something , but was afraid shed say the wrong thing .
if there s one thing that i can firmly promise myself , one belief that i hold dear , its that i will never let myself end up like my mother .
no such thing , the clerk says .
its the same thing i m thinking .
i had already thought the same thing , but obviously marlene had nt considered that its possible the ingredients were tampered with .
i might not be able to read minds , but i know he s realizing the same thing that i just did .
` ` i have only one thing to say , after a morning class like this , '' said mr . marlin .
i must admit i was thinking the same thing , as well .
he racked his brain in order to think of a convincing argument , but in the end said the only thing he knew could reliably work .
she could recall every other part of their conversation perfectly , but that was the last thing she could remember with any certainty .
i bet you ll regret it , was the last thing bryn heard before she fell asleep .
kayla must have walked right by her and not said a thing .
he said , maybe i should tell you the same thing ?
his eyes widened as if i said a ridiculous thing , and narrowed his eyes at me .
i felt confident and happy about him praising me , but there was something that i m not satisfied with the whole thing , not yet .
the first thing she said when i was lying down on the corners was .
before she left , she told me the only thing that i could nt forget .
i know , i feel the same thing .
i wondered if scar felt the same thing , when he saw the mutilated weapons back at the laboratory .
all my months of silently pining over her and not making any attempt to communicate were about to come to an end , and i could not think of a single thing to say .
i was uncertain about a lot in that moment , but one thing that i was absolutely sure of was that that day had been one of the most interesting days of my life .
the funny thing was , jason was probably thinking the same thing about me .
now , i expect the next thing outta that mouth of yours to be the whereabouts of bravo .
i was just about to say the same thing to you , hoss !
the one thing my father 's insufferable brand of parenting taught me was that people often told you how they really felt once they were under the influence of alcohol .
it was the only thing she could say .
i 'll give you one thing : you 're almost as fast as i am , but i doubt you can continue to keep up once i drop a few more hammers on your ribcage .
` ` good work , hero , '' was the last thing he said before he died .
monica puts her hand on issys shoulder , can i tell you guys one thing that i am even more passionate about changing than that stuff .
ya you silly dumbass that s about the only thing i said the last time while i was eating them .
and that s the first thing everybody says , newton explained .
did nt think such a thing was even possible til i heard it , lucy said .
this ca nt be the same thing !
he d thought the same thing .
conversations like this made him uncomfortable and he always said the wrong thing .
except we had the same thing on the texas footage earlier .
and i bet she who must not be named told camaro the same thing .
i know what you re thinking because i went through the same thing .
its the best thing i can manage to come up with .
the only thing right in my life is anthonymy darklfar .
he watched as gatsby bumbled one thing after another .
glen let out a deep breath as gatsby said this , as if he had feared that this was the very thing that gatsby was going to say .
one thing you need to understand about dragons thomas .
and so it was that every time thomas looked at a person that evening , the first thing that would go through his mind would be , ' i wonder how big this person would be as a dragon ' , followed by , ' where 's the closest exit ? ' .
actually , she could n't remember the last time he had said a single unkind thing about her since leaving their first camp .
one thing it was sure of , it was no longer anywhere near its prey .
the shadow then turned to alanna and uttered the last thing that she would hear from it .
the first person his uncle introduced him to made thomas realize he still could n't understand a thing native alumians were saying .
uncertainty must have shown on victor 's face , because the next thing he heard was the mocking tone of the blue princess .
though spoken softly , her words ring loudly in my head , echoing the ghost of my mother who i ve imagined saying the same thing .
why would rhoda lie about such a thing ?
i thought perhaps he did , but in the heat of the chaos i ca nt remember what made me think such a thing .
why would aden say such a thing ?
oh , oh , one last thing i m sorry , honey , but i do nt think i can make it to your game tonight .
a wealthy country elf out for a stroll , who don know the first thing about the commerce law !
as the kid tucked himself into the shadows under the bed , he said , one last , important thing : you must not mention me or my kingdom .
turned over and over again in his mind , along with thing one and thing two .
turned over and over again in his mind , along with thing one and thing two .
at one point she said the oddest thing : i hope you do nt spend too much time with that holt boy .
i hoped it would be a simple explanation , like a my family and the cheshires fought over land and now we hate each other kind of thing , but somehow i knew it was nt going to be so easy .
its not exactly the same thing .
judging by her reaction it was the wrong thing to say .
first leslie had told me not to go to the solstice party , now my mom had told me the same thing , and heaven only knows how she found out about it in the first place .
i could see from the look on his face that holt was thinking the same thing i was .
the glass broke and it sounded like the loudest thing in the world .
as far as i was concerned , this could only mean one thing .
the only thing i could tell is that they were close .
and the only thing i could reply with was a you too .
and the first thing that comes to my mind makes me smile .
but i did know one thing with certainty : he knew .
tell me , what s the first thing you can remember ?
um , sorry about that , said frotwoot , who d just had the urgent impulse to not think about anything gross or embarrassing which , of course , had led to the grossest and most embarrassing thing he could think of popping into his head .
clearly the dryad just wanted to talk to someone , what with the whole years of silence and loneliness thing he d somewhat unnecessarily shared , but frotwoot was pretty anxious to get home .
was that a wise thing to say ?
as she said it , chrissy recalled that emma had declared exactly the same thing .
itits the same thing , jial said , her eyes closing as she spoke .
the same thing as zorbielles disappearance .
that s the only thing i asked from you , i left him standing there , guilty .
i said i should nt because i want him safe , which by far was the most disgusting thing i ve ever said .
that would only mean one thing your date is cancelled .
then i covered my mouth as soon as i realized that it was a bad thing to say .
and that meant only one thing .
he s my best friend like what i told you , org thing ?
i held on to his arms until the thing came out of my mouth .
i spanked him right in the face for saying such a thing .
he kept on asking me if its a bad thing to say and he could just take it back .
tell me , answer my question first , why are you guys asking me the same thing ?
i looked around and realized that they re feeling the same thing .
i opened myself to him , told him every single thing about me because i trusted him .
this is just a small thing , maj . why ca nt you even accept such a small thing from me ?
all the girls give me questionable looks , but none says a thing .
if i do n't say a thing , that too may be deemed as inferring that the rumour is true .
same thing with her tummy ; nothing serious , just a bloated stomach .
# 6 i remember the sharp chills , down my spine the missed heartbeats the cold shivers that left me sweating the sweet smells of your scent , full of love i could forever think of you , live for you , die for you i could have held you close , and my heart would always be your peaceful dwelling i coulda , woulda , shoulda stood by you , amidst the roughest storm , and laughed with you on an easy sunday morning we would have held hands down the street counted stars under the moonlight kissed at the site of the rainbow made love first thing at dawn grown grey by each other 's side though you crushed my heart i still got the memories , so dear and close i hug them i 'll cherish you for the little time you possessed my heart , thoughts and fantasies now that you given them to another the brain of a woman in magical !
he wo n't promise her a thing , spoon feed her lies or feel ashamed to let the world know that they have something special going on .
the other does nt say a thing .
i could say that i have been a mother for the past 11 years , but since my sisters and brothers are not technically my children , then the right thing to say would be that i have been a very good mother for almost a year , ten months to be exact .
the thing jet said that stuck , that rey called upon now , was jet saying girls did nt think looks were everything , that personality went a few lights years farther .
huxley laughed at joes favorite thing to say .
there s no reason to call someone hispanic and spanish , they mean the same thing .
brianna picked at her steak awkwardly as the entire table thought the same thing : brianna was nt valedictorian of her high school class .
rey noticed he d said the same thing a few weeks ago .
fynn chatoya saw him in wood shop and asked , so , rey , how did you know that like huxley was going to say those things ?
christy wondered where inez was going and turned to rey to see if he was thinking the same thing .
i was upset he would suggest such a thing .
honey , i m wondering the same thing .
one thing i knew to be true was that taylor was a very spoiled boy .
a woman that we spoke to when my friends and i played the ouija board said the same thing .
but let me ask you one thing .
i m sure he was thinking the same thing when he had his tongue down your throat .
if anything , i was just hurt because he said so many sweet things to me and was very romantic , and then i found out that he s possibly in a relationship .
i do nt know what i m saying , colton fired back anxiously , and kept repeating the same thing over and over again .
oh habibi , when you get to be my age , you know a thing or two .
the most important thing grandpa told me was that you have to accept the power .
who would believe such a thing ?
just tell me one thing , becky , susie said , did you always plan on using me to get to a boyand a pathetic specimen of a boy no less ?
it was the first nice thing he d ever said about me .
the only thing i managed to conjure was the strong desire to drag jace to the basement and beat him senseless .
i forgot to confess one thing , one very bad thing .
unfortunately , the same thing could not be said for us younger folks .
i tried to latch on to the one thing that gave me comfortjerica loved me .
just tell me one thing , bryce said as their voices moved closer to the doorway .
there was one more thing , but it does nt make any sense , caroline added , with an apologetic grimace .
at that moment she felt like she could tell him any thing .
they got allison , my sister , the same thing , only hers was dallas cowboy cheerleader barbie .
he said the first thing that came to mind .
i wish i could think of the right thing to say or do , but then i think there is nt anything .
she rolled her eyes as if he d said the stupidest thing .
that was the only thing i could think of that would explain away his questions and his answers .
this seemed to be the best thing to say .
she nodded slowly to each thing i said .
it was the only thing that he said .
when '' it was the only thing that i could think of to say at this point .
` ` she knew no such thing .
grey seemed to realize the same thing and slammed his hand into my head .
* chapter 7 we always feel we have become enlightened when things are explained to us yet if they are only words then they are meaningless when we really face the world the desire i m probably making way too much of this name thing .
one thing you can always be sure of with paul is that hell always let you down .
that s such a girl thing to say , said ricky .
sure thing , ricky , i said .
i waved my hand to include the infirmary room , but i really meant the whole paranormal / magic completely changing my life plan thing .
sip said all of that like it would be the easiest thing in the world .
professor zervoss mouth curved up in an unpleasant smile , like i d said the worst thing in the world and it was exactly what he had expected me to say .
that s the first thing your intro to para studies should start with after all the introductory crap gets out of the way .
i hated how she always knew the exact right thing to say .
all the paranormal types might be very different from each other , have different powers , and even different diet restrictions , but there was one thing we could all agree on : chocolate was wonderful .
it had been the most natural thing in the world for me to say for years .
one thing i knew to be true : this had to stop .
that might have been the only thing he could have said that would have surprised me so much that i shut up .
i wondered if the next thing keller was going to tell me was that my dad was alive , but it was nt .
realer than real , i remember everything in such vivid detail , everything , except one thing , the most important thing .
he was mentally ill or some such thing .
might be genetic or some such thing . ''
it 's such a stupid thing to say , but damn it , it 's true .
he appeared to be saying the same thing over and over .
after a few tries , lara realised that he was saying the one thing she 'd wanted to hear from him .
she 'd been told the exact same thing by this exact man .
to come back and finally be normal again is one thing .
drake pulled out a small knife , and before anyone could do or say a thing drake grabbed archie and plunged the knife into his stomach .
that s a stupid thing to say .
dean said the same thing .
that is the stupidest thing i ve ever heard in my life !
i did nt say a god damn thing .
nicest thing you ve ever called me .
the same thing shed been telling me all summer long .
i guess that s the only good thing that this school taught me : that i m a punk and i need to be stronger .
i waited for carina to burst into laughter and swear that something like that was the corniest thing shed ever heard .
for the first time , i felt like i could breathe and not have to be scared of running into carmen or wondering what cruel thing she would say to me .
i thought for a minute and said the first thing that came to my mind , good .
but before you go , just tell me one thing .
besides the whole he used a yen thing that the common folk are so quick to throw out .
if there s one thing we learned since advent , the elderly man answered , sitting up in his seat .
she had already been thinking the same thing , but now that she knew he also believed it , it was over now .
i have to tell you one last thing , he said with a sigh .
i thought i thought we believed in the same thing .
he said the same thing about you . ''
warden hope , sir , i have only one thing to say to you .
he d hear many things on these quests believing he d heard it all , but each and every thing shocked him more .
he d hear many things on these quests believing he d heard it all , but each and every thing shocked him more .
i do , however , taste one thing at the moment , one delectable thing .
arguing that eyes are unhelpful is just a bloody strange thing to say !
it was a small and petty thing to say , but that one thing made phillip feel a little better .
it was a small and petty thing to say , but that one thing made phillip feel a little better .
my mom says the same thing .
yeah , so um , this thing .
royden did nt understand a thing that was said .
when i was first introduced to the idea of other dimensions i wondered the same thing .
royden said feeling very embarrassed about the whole thing .
his mother cringed with almost every word and his father looked really confused about the whole thing .
then the child , at last , was spat clear at the very bottom , just as she would have thought ( if she could have thought such a thing ) that her rapidly emptying lungs could take no more .
that could only mean one thing : nechtan was nt just visiting the tower , he was also making regular trips into the dead realms .
when meryl was elected i knew she would nt be told a single thing .
my lips refuse to work and my brain ca n't think of one thing to say to piss her off so she 'll run .
there 's one more thing you have to know , and you have to trust me . ''
the one thing she needs to believe , she does n't .
stewie said you could hear him every night through the study door , saying the same thing over and over it was a crisp dark night in late september , something , something , something .
cassandra said she could nt decide if her sisters argument was either the cleverest or the stupidest thing she had ever heard , and whilst she was still puzzling it out the three of them boarded the train .
for a moment angelica could nt think of a single thing to say .
suddenly angelica realised that in spite of all their talking , she had nt said the one thing that had been on her mind all along .
its the only thing i can spit out at the time .
the smell of charred flesh is the last thing that registers .
almost every single person i have as a contact has texted me and they all say about the same thing !
if he could say the same thing about colin and his parents , if they were nt infected , he would be tempted to just keep on driving and put distance between them and the whole nanobot problem just so he could keep julie safe and at his side .
how could you even think such a thing ?
tell me one thing , said karimba , how did you get inside the gate ?
todd grinned , wondering how he could ask such a thing .
i guess it was the first thing that came to his mind , cause had he thought about it , poodle would have realized that the kid was nt able to say a thing with my hands wrapped around his head .
i guess it was the first thing that came to his mind , cause had he thought about it , poodle would have realized that the kid was nt able to say a thing with my hands wrapped around his head .
if there is one thing i can offer to you my reader , any advice that may fill your movie reel with good moments , then please , by all means , stay out of other peoples bathtub !
sure thing , he smiled , now wo nt you get out of the car so we can get on with it he said coldly .
i shook my head , wondering the same thing .
of all that poodle learned the night before , the one thing that kept coming back to me was that the colombians inside the vault were essentially trapped .
we were all thinking the same thing ; the only way to pull it off was to have jj in place in the building with all the gear ready and waiting .
knowing he was somewhere he ought not to be , and knowing that he was about to be told that very thing in the harshest possible way , jj stood up and without turning around , reached for the door mumbling sorry , or something like that .
i guess poodle was thinking the same thing , but like i ve said before , he was a crazy bastard , and loved a challenge , what better adversary than a fucking ich dien .
as victor began his frisk , i warned him to watch my leg to which pepino said something in spanish that appeared to be the same thing .
impulse reaction , i asked the first thing that popped into my head .
i must have blacked out , because the next thing i recall was waking up in my bed , the next day .
strange , perplexed , my eyes saw one thing but my mind saw another .
as i said this i remembered dallas saying the same thing not so long ago .
bachelors , ph.d . , they all in the end really meant the same thing : class a work chit .
just tell me one thing , i thrust an accusing finger across the chessboard .
it was an innocuous thing to say , but somehow he made it sound like a threat .
of everything i was expecting her to say , that perhaps was the last thing .
the first thing that came out of her mouth was a response she had given no thought to at all .
which of course led to the next thing and the next and of course it was possible what was he thinking ?
` ` it has to do with the fact that as we have more telepaths in society we get better at transmitting the one thing we can not communicate well electronically .
why would anyone fall asleep saying such a thing ?
and the thing with alex about dieting had been weird .
and as they looked into her eyes as she lay in her hospital bed , they held her hands and they all said the same thing .
the billy bob thing was a nickname obviously .
he said , i know , were out of time and i do nt want to back you up with patients , but i need to show you one thing more .
i mean , probably i see and hear the same things as the rest of your guys and this thing just goes away he shook his head .
if the visit had told me one thing , it was that i needed to find out who had motivations and vested interests to see ortega killed .
if i had just been willing to lie to the diocese about this one thing !
he tried to counter by repeating some of the things he remembered rosa had said , about the truth of the world being found within a single flower , and the meaning of life in the smile of a baby .
some of these travellers had gone far into outer space where they met the dark entities of the void , and now , calibur was warned , began to teach terrible things : the renunciation of life and the blessedness of the pure void from which all life proceeded , and ( they say ) should not have .
back to top 14 the vow only one thing remains to be told : how calibur fulfilled the rest of his destiny , and so gave a great gift to the world .
that s one thing i m always telling my friends about going up against you and omar here .
okay , but there s one more thing you might want to know .
i know what i want and did nt you say the same thing about this last one ?
promise me one thing !
that s exactly the kind of thing i want to hear right now .
i got the same thing with my grandma too .
wow mr . bennett , i wish i could ve said the exact same thing to my gram last year when my final report card came in .
the whole thing was narrated by a man with a deep baritone .
no such thing really .
sean bought the whole thing so completely that it actually rubbed off on mike .
he said he just started talking shit and the disintegrating - ghost thing was what came out of his mouth .
the guy in the space next to me , the one who s watching my stuff , overheard the whole thing .
` ` you said every other damn thing that came to your mind , '' jack said .
the page said one more thing .
they d camped out in billings , closest thing to a big city for hundreds of miles .
funny , i was going to say the same thing to you .
he wondered the same thing .
same thing i was .
why would you assume such a thing ?
before patrick could mention scotts visit , justine was already telling him the most important thing about her pass , even as she pulled a cigarette from the pack she was carrying .
gus , that is a very inappropriate thing to say !
the only thing i can think is that professor linley was somehow involved .
i m assuming the phaistos text on the tablet says the same thing as the mayan does .
overall , the rule said one simple thing : if you have three people in front of you during a crisis , one screaming at people around them , one stood staring blankly at a wall , and another assuredly doing something , unless you have a solid idea of your own copy the doer if you want to live .
asked jtan , blurting out the first thing that came to mind and blushing with his uncivilized manner .
years ago , right around the time she realized that shed never actually be an actress , shed instinctively stopped noticing the sets all around her , maybe as a protection for her dashed dreams , not that she could have possibly admitted such a thing .
sure thing , sweetie pie .
that s the thing i was trying to tell you earlier , lieut said , touching his upper lip delicately , when you were nt listening .
as i put my notebook down on it and got ready to take notes , i realized how awkward this lecture hall was going to be , especially for an avid student like me that would insist on taking notes of every single thing the professor said .
every negative thing i could possibly think of had gone through my mind several times that night .
it was the same thing over and over again .
i imagine you must be feeling the same thing .
lydia glanced at me and i could tell she thought the same thing .
there i sat about to tell my sister the most horrible thing she may hear .
she just kept crying in her lap and i realized that she must have thought the same thing or else she would tell me it was nt true .
ill tell you one thing though ; you wo nt ever see me make the same mistake twice .
remember the first thing hatton said to us ?
so she decided to tell her the crazy thing maria had told her .
selah began to deny any such thing when daniel interrupted her saying well its still too soon to tell , do you think i stand a chance ?
he had been her rock , she leaned on him constantly , at the funeral he had never left her side selah had wished she could of just hidden herself away and not faced anyone , she had nt even known what to say to people at the wake as they hugged her and mumbled words she could barely understand she thought they were saying one thing until daniel had clarified they were expressing their sympathies , she had been telling everyone and you too , thinking it was a good response to whatever they were saying .
peter got up and hugged his daughter , she was so much like his diana , i do know one thing is that women love to shop , and have a good time with other women .
another thing he told me was that , at whatever age he was ( somewhere in his seventies , i d guess ) he d arrived at a place where he owed no one , feared no one , believed no one and had mostly forgotten that he ever loved someone .
the blocking out the memory thing had to refer to bridie and the cross that johnathon cranna organised is still there , over the church .
the last thing she remembers him saying before she falls asleep herself is , you were so good .
its always the same thing , old man .
is also here , that can mean only one thing !
* * * though i actually did perk up my ears at one thing she said .
you know how a thing can stick in your mind ?
and its got this thing about a terrible deed in it .
but because amalthea believed it and because the he s the key thing was pretty kind of spookily , vaguely meaningful , information potential ( if she came back with more ghostly messages ) = .
what was the last thing i told you to call me ?
one more thing i do nt understand !
and ill tell you another thing !
and the thing about being close to the reverend did ring true .
and a third thing that came back to me was his , i even thought i liked you crack !
the one thing i was sure of was that i did nt want to walk the streets yet again .
and dale , i noticed , was content to be buttered , nodding sombrely , as though the mayor had just said the wisest , most obvious thing since confederation .
the information misunderstanding was one thing .
* * * there s one more thing maybe should be said .
tell me a true thing or carry out my dare .
that thing about him offering to conduct bridie home that night and then they all split up and everyone can be accounted for except for alf ?
at least , looking back , i hope that s the kind of thing i might have come up with .
for example , when you hear that ridiculous little mantra thing about be true to yourself and follow your dreams and you can achieve anything !
the same thing happened with your uncle , when he said you were all poor .
even my grandmother ( my fathers mother ) would say the same thing : a girl does nt need to study ! .
and the other thing you said ?
no , i mean the other thing you mentioned .
the thing i wanted to tell you is , that the difficulty you re having with the church will actually help you in the future .
i never imagined i would hear such a thing .
you told me that last time , counselor , you told me the exact same thing and , i think , in the exact same way .
i grew up on a farm , said james , usually reluctant to say such a thing ; in fact , usually rebelling against it .
you know , ra answered , the worst thing i ve heard someone say is , i could never do what you do , i love animals too much .
of all the things walter had just told tom , listening in on a phone call to his mother felt like the most intrusive thing he could witness , so tom looked away and thought of his conversation with own mother just yesterday .
that s something i may not be able to fully understand , but the best thing i can say is to let go .
were going to have a child and that is the most important thing that could ever be true .
the last thing he heard was , just darkness , forevermore .
i would not admit such a thing to anyone besides you , antonio .
i know one thing : i will flog you senseless first .
but if i want you to remember one thing today , it is this : the true , and most vile , enemy is not fharas , much as i oppose them ; nor was it the rebels , the servants of the underworld .
but i also accept that subjects under our control must accept the same thing , which is that they have free will as long as it is in accordance with their own good .
most of the arella in the kingdom , if they were being honest , would say the same thing .
' helel , i am saying no such thing .
' i asked him the same thing .
helel turned back toward azazel and addressed him much more calmly , ' i want you to understand one thing .
ill be working a double shift , was the last thing vasin thought before he drifted into sleep .
same thing , he says .
as you might guess , this struck me as a strange thing to say .
a simple thing to ask for most of humanity , yet a profound one for this young inquiring mind .
why do you think i was dreaming such a thing ?
yet , every citizen i ask tells me the same thing .
it was the last thing i had expected .
and while i m at it , i just want to tell you one more thing .
the first thing she said to me after introducing herself was that she never saw patients outside the consultation office which gave me the distinct impression that she wanted to .
the only thing she said was that you thought she got you fired and it was nt true .
you were saying one thing and she was hearing another .
i know what you re thinking and i have been thinking the same thing .
one thing i want get across and we feel this is the most important part of the project- almost all mass media has a strong cultural bias but what we want is a platform without censorship of any sort even though some ideas and movements will appear on it that we may find abhorrent ; we still believe they need to be expressed .
i know one thing , mike said with confidence in his tired voice .
there s certainly one thing .
the last thing she wanted to hear was that a guy in her past wanted to know if she held a grudge .
its just kind of sad that riding home with them wo nt mean the same thing for me as it would for everyone else here .
just promise me one thing , then .
the worst thing that he did was to make me stand in front of him while he was drunk and listen to how i would never amount to anything worthwhile .
i said and as soon as i said it , i knew it was not the right thing to say .
do n't you say a thing carey wheeler !
the one thing i have learned is that when a woman sets her mind to it a man does n't have a chance .
i think it would be an important thing for us to hear .
well it seems as though mr . alverez called the president of the school board and was told that i would not be fired under any circumstances and the state board said the same thing .
or did you do the i ' m the president of the store thing again and they swooned at that .
then the rest all said the same thing .
that is the most asinine thing i have ever heard .
wil followed this advice , not by choice or his own fruition , but through some bloke and his companion in woopy who wrote down for wil ten or so travelling tips , and wil liked their honesty and friendliness and things they said about the many places they had visited .
when they did speak , if they ever spoke at all , this was not the kind of thing that the holy men of aryavarta usually said .
she spoke these sentences one after another , as if what she said was the most matter of fact thing in all the world .
an outburst of laughter , almost a howl , was gotamas immediate reply before he said , i can not believe you ask such a thing , or that you continue to wander about , sitting naked in the fields well , i have nothing to give you , nothing to demonstrate .
she could almost imagine him saying sweet things to her as he helped her undress .
funny you should say that , i wondered the same thing .
oh , mrs . parker , where did you ever hear such a thing ?
it was christmas eve , and it was the last thing mary ellen expected her husband to say as he handed her a wrapped package .
he smirks , the closest thing to a smile he s cracked since he called me up here .
a new thing stuck to the inside of his skull : he was no more than a blip on a hard drive .
macks face brightened , as though he had nt heard such a grand thing in a buzzards age .
ponceys last question struck a familiar chord with mack , for he d often heard his mother ask the same thing , although she usually added the phrase like your father .
i just do nt like the whole thing about selecting someone before the night even begins and saying , yep , tonight is gon na be all about this guy .
perhaps , sometime in adams youth , he had done or said some small thing differently than before , and that variation had influenced another person in just the right way , and then another and another , until this long domino trail of unpredictable , escalating effects had made its way to judah and pressed his unlikely decision to pursue a phd .
i ve recited that thing every day for nearly fifty years : in the mirror , while driving , while falling asleep at night .
the first thing out of his mouth had been something stupid , just like merv and trudy had feared .
and everyone , everywhere is saying the same thing about blake guv -- what a great idea !
` ` it was the stupidest thing i ever said ! ''
not only do we get to wonder what we are doing here , but we get to watch everyone else who goes here wonder the same thing .
i was asking myself the same thing , teddie said , and also why i brought them .
i will not take no for an answer , and were both going to pretend like i did no such thing , because i do understand that you are right .
teddies current working theory was that she was merely a lucid dreamer , because that was the easiest thing to accept .
would it be unseemly to say such a thing in an interview with the press ?
how would we even know such a thing ?
she used to say the same thing .
i just need to know this one thing , edward said , forcing a firmness through his voice so it would nt seem to break even as it was about to .
i take back almost every other rotten thing i ve ever grumbled about you .
when the line cut off , eddie had heard only what he had fully expected to hear and yet , the last thing in the world he had wanted to hear .
i hate to tell you this , stewart , but they say the same thing about americans .
yeah , he said not to tell you the same thing .
its the only thing i thought i could offer .
look , i do nt want to discuss the stupid therapist thing .
such a simple thing to say .
okay , second thing in the morning .
no , its not its , well , its a nitpicky thing , really , but it says thomas edward croftdon , senior .
i d like one thing from you , though , he took her hands .
what s that heiress thing about ?
hell tell you the same thing , she jumped up from her chair .
terrorist wrote the same thing !
the same thing again jumps down my throat .
they repeat the same thing again and again , and cause to very terrible roaring .
this is only thing that comes to my mind .
i feel the same thing in buses , i say , i suddenly have an itch to push the stop button .
so this is the only thing that i could offer you : talk to death .
i do nt remember demir made this grass thing with me .
and to every one of them she says the same thing : i have akaesman syndrome .
name one thing .
she feels stupid having the same thing explained to her over and over .
i m listening to the guide , and he is saying pretty much the same thing , but from his viewpoint .
that was one thing i want to prove in the writings : that these people were somehow all interconnected .
albert einstein 8 the last thing i remembered was aysel saying it was time to go home .
i guess he was the closest thing i had to a father , and he was my boss , so i had to take his advice .
same thing at the gothic saint vitus cathedral with its huge rose windows above the door and the massive flying buttresses .
that s the same thing einstein meant about prejudices .
i think i forgot to tell you one other thing .
daniel wanted to ask him the same thing , but he was pretty sure he knew the answer .
` ` it 's the craziest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
like some dumb kid brother , val said the first thing that came into his head .
he told the sheriff the same thing .
depressingly , val had thought the same thing .
oddly enough , just before i passed out , the last thing i remember thinking was , how does bob expect to get his quarter of a million pounds now ?
i guess we were both thinking the same thing ; the photo must have been pretty bad to have worried andy enough to become drawn into a murderous blackmail plot .
i assume were all thinking the same thing , that he s just had the diamonds stolen from him ?
dee was the closest thing shed had to a real friend since school .
i hope we can get one thing straight right now , he said .
worse , he d told himself the same thing .
generally do nt listen to that kind of thing , but i was angry .
his response was not what she expected , i have been thinking the same thing .
jason smiled , rob said pretty much the same thing .
millie said one more thing , and mitch this is everybody .
it kept going through her head what rob had said , it was a close thing .
she also had to stop and think about how the police chief would have even come to know such a thing .
if there was one thing that my rambling uncle told me though that made an inkling of sense however , it is that there are indeed many a soldier who sacrifice and risk their lives to ensure the freedoms of others .
eventually she realized that if she yelled any louder , the only thing she would get in return was a broken voice .
the closest thing i hav- alex forced the blade into lord combermeres heart .
maybe he was thinking the same thing , how little peggy would suffer when he left .
do you remember which the first thing i remembered was that lie , he cut in angrily .
one thing became clear .
the same thing that will happen to you if we do nt get out of here .
it was the alien part of himthe one good thing they gave him .
sorry , but i really could nt understand a thing you were saying .
she was now nearly breathless but had one last thing to say : tell me what s going on and tell me now !
there s just one thing , though , that you fellas might want to know .
this type of large open and unrestricted floor area was usually good news for assassins , but there is such a thing as being too open .
no - one in the hampshire area had a bad thing to say about nick , and gillian was surprised to hear from a number of women whose husbands had not beaten them again after nick had had a quiet chat with them .
last year we had one of theirs turn up zipped up in a suitcase and the met spokesman had to go on record as saying it looked like a suicide , because no - one at thames house would tell us a damn thing .
mexico was the right place for that , given the amount of money flowing through the cartels , although he d heard good things about russia , too .
one thing he was sure of was that he would nt likely be back unless he lost a bet .
the most important thing to understand is that aranas does nt just want a hit .
i ve been asking myself the same thing .
one thing i ve learn in thirty years of law enforcement is that you ca nt predict what others will do .
that s the only thing that makes sense now .
it 's mundane repeating the same thing over again , felt like them outside .
` ` anyone would have surmised the same thing , i offered , trying to be sympathetic .
he did n't want to repeat the bilotti thing . ''
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned over the years about life , he said , blowing on the hot coffee and looking at me .
i asked , ashamed it was n't the first thing i had said to him when i walked in the office .
` ` i 'll say one thing for don gino , j.l .
` ` there 's one other thing , i said , as gently as i could .
it was a nice funeral , if such a thing can be said of this barbaric ritual .
it was the first thing i was going to find out .
ill tell you one thing , i m not planning on staying here long .
or maybe i just invented the whole thing .
the only thing i could possibly conclude from your actions was that you had money ; lots of money .
how could i think such a thing ?
how could she think such a thing ?
get the foreign office to prepare a briefing on our position as a matter of urgency - what more we do to help , the usual thing .
one thing i can tell you is that sinn fein wo nt be stirring them up .
same thing , really .
that s about the only thing i m really sure of at the moment , said clayton with a grin .
the first thing i need to tell you , said bill , is that this little team will soon start to wind up .
we were all thinking the same thing ; but cat was in to him like a shot from an lcp !
i do feel immediately under pressure to say the right thing , but manage to keep calm and keep a friendly , calm tone to my reply .
the first thing that comes to mind is jimenez .
elena could really tell you a thing or two about cuban food and its preparation .
the only thing i do nt tell him is of the fate that befell his protg .
the main thing all of this has shown us is that were not going nearly far enough with this latest extension .
i simply want to say one thing : stop right now !
watching weimann by the north entrance hall window looking thoughtfully over the white house lawn as the rest of the group walked ahead , landry knew one thing : he could nt go through it again .
was nt the sort of thing you dropped as a by - the - way , or tried to bury under a hasty cough .
` ` sure thing , '' brad answers .
it was the last thing i was able to think before i heard myself scream .
` ` one thing i know !
he was clear on one thing : he wants you to have access to whatever you need in your investigation .
and she said not a damned thing .
she s a childshe does nt have to tell you a damned thing .
i spoke with diggs this morninghe said the same thing , juarez said .
this was the least plausible thing noel had said so far .
kat told me the same thing .
do nt blame himhe did nt say a thing .
he says the same thing every time they meet : what they are doing is wrong .
i could do that later ; for now , the only thing i had to go on was my own gut instincts .
let me make one thing clear : we will win this war .
david thinks to himself , human brains are an amazing thing when they are made to believe things .
the thing we ' ve talked about .
david patrick and kojo thulani , one thing i can say is there is a greater force that no one , not even science can fully comprehend as of yet .
after all that we ' ve been through together , the one thing i ' m sure of is that i can trust you . ''
` ` the only thing i can promise you is that the partnership will own the property when the transaction is complete .
i guess i better tell you one other thing . ''
` ` i usually wait until everyone has ordered then i order the first thing that comes into my mind . ''
the first thing that came to my mind was my experience with getting ron johnson out of jail on his dwi charge .
that s a nice thing to say , but what was that i was reading in the newspaper about your wife being arrested for killing your girlfriend ? ''
` ` sure thing , miss madigan , i understand .
do nt know too much about it yet sir , responded mason , had the interpreter in here yesterday she s hearing the same thing but so far there s nothing in the papers .
i d have to talk to him first anyway otherwise he would nt tell you a thing .
first thing in the morning , even in the winter , with your breath following you like an old steam train , it was a pleasure providing you were dressed properly .
i suppose now i only have one thing to add at this stage of the proceedings.merry christmas everyone ! !
` ` i ' ve asked the exact same thing about fire , electricity , and all the others . ''
but that was the last thing i heard that made sense .
stopping and turning , he said , oh , one more thing , completely unrelated .
only good thing to say about it is that it oxidises quickly .
if he said the wrong thing , he could be in more trouble than ever before .
but if he said the right thing , it could get him out of a week of misery .
kurt knew they were both thinking the same thing .
something about this letter brightened his day.perhaps , it was the excessive properness of the exquisite handwriting.perhaps , it was that seeing his name finely printed in golden ink made him feel important.on the other hand , perhaps and most likely it was the fact that he had received a mysterious letter that could be a great start to a most excellent story ... 5 thelma , distraught about her sons disappearance , sat in her living room , holding her husbands hand , talking to the policemen about what kurt was last seen wearing , where he had last been , and other such things that one tells the police when a child is missing.the police assured her that everything would be okay.they also told her that kurt most likely ran away and would be back before the day was up.the police said they could not officially report him missing until forty - eight hours passed.they highly encouraged her to call his friends and look around town for him , perhaps at his favorite places to hang out with his friends .
i will for you , latianna , if you promise me one thing , ivan said , holding his head high .
come to think of it , ever since he met latianna , the dates , times , and all that , did nt mean one , single thing to ivan harvey .
dr . bailey jotted yet another thing down on her clipboard .
gracey rode back to riverwolf pass with officer newell.they did not speak one word to each other , however , they thought of the same thing the same person all the way back to their hometown .
you only have to say if there s the slightest thing you want .
the only thing they were sure of was that he had nt been on any of the recent flights to moscow , or to anywhere else in russia for that matter as clayton had said , if they had been any damned good at all , they would have been working for section 11 , and not mi5 .
our conversation drew to a halt as there were things we needed to say but this was not the time or place .
i have nt heard a thing yet .
his phone did nt ring , his email box sat empty , the wrestling world marched forward and no one said a thing .
and this morning her voice was saying one thing : turn lucifer heel .
steve garcia he clicked send , then went back to the saxon fund document for a thorough reading of the whole thing .
another thing , joey .
i do nt think that s a respectable thing to say about safire , said stephen .
the closest thing to fact we have so far is from an interview pit bull did on the bobby franken radio show out of san diego last night : joey made some accusations ; jumbo denied them .
two weeks away from that septic tank had taught him one thing .
sure thing , joey .
` ` i was thinking almost the same thing .
one thing i promise , though '' ` ` what 's that mum ? ''
well that s hardly a kind thing to say to your ...
i wrote the whole thing again , only backwards .
many looked at the screens as the light and dark areas rotated with the earths movement and one thing was always there .
one last thing before i sit down .
the only thing he could confirm was that there had been no unusual expenses during the project ; even the items stolen had made no difference to their bottom line .
one thing i ve learnt from years of negotiations ; its all about perceptions and creating a win - win solution .
the one thing she was certain of was the fact that a book did nt really exist .
if i know one thing about dick its that he wo nt make anything easy for anyone .
and i should nt have said that thing about you always leaving me last night .
which was a funny thing to ask , but he let it go .
st cloud said thoughtfully , no , that s probably the first thing you ve told me in three days that is nt bullshit .
he has an enviable reputation as a guardian of standards , rooting out corruption , that kind of thing .
that was the last thing he should ve said .
and if i hear it again , from you , it ll be the last thing i hear from you because ill be out of here , you ll be out of my life .
sure thing , said mike .
but i have to say another thing , and that is at the same time i m not sorry , because what saved our lives on the mountain was that part of you .
and i know one thing , uncle bill is on our side .
if they had nt been , she would hear it as a statement , and think much the same thing .
i think a better question , harding countered , might be for me to ask you the same thing .
the first thing that comes to your mind .
funny , he said the same thing about you , muttered dennis .
there s one more thing i have to tell you .
i was disappointed by wests mechanistic outlook , and resolved to prove a thing or two to him , just as he was determined to prove to the miskatonic professors that the ideas they had mocked had a basis in fact .
he took several more turns around my room , occasionally muttering things like , no , that s no good too crude , for one thing , and , that would take too long .
surely no , herbert , i said , voicing the thing that had been in my mind ever since i regained consciousness .
i could ask you the same thing , charles .
i could say the same thing , exactly .
despite my confusion , one thing seemed clear .
one thing i ve heard is that he uses too many new techniques on patients before they ve been fully tested .
i asked him the first thing that popped into my fuzzy head .
the other thing that had shocked him was the amount of black faces the country had .
a thing they had no difficulty in believing .
` ` that can only mean one thing .
despite the severity of my questioning , neither admitted a single thing .
` ` i thought the same thing , my boy .
is there even such a thing or is it all subjective perception ?
i have a very important thing to tell her .
` ` sure thing , paul .
` ` sure thing , mr paul . ''
the next thing was just as logical .
all of us burst out laughing , realizing we had been thinking the same thing .
that s the first smart thing i ve heard this yank say , said the brit .
no matter how angry i felt , how resentful , i always knew one thing .
the first thing courtney had said : ` ` was n't your fault . ''
in retrospect , it was a very stupid thing to say .
i wanted to tell him to stop fucking moving and also drink more whiskey , so i drank the shot which was still there but did n't tell alex a damn thing .
it was the most honest thing that anyone 's ever said to me , so i thought it was a lie . ''
you ' ve never told me a goddamn thing .
i do n't know the first thing about you or who you are or what you ' ve done to think i ca nt love you , and i really do n't care .
he closed his eyes and opened his mouth to say one final thing .
just tell me one more thing .
it also meant one thing , and he knew without a doubt it would mean the same word to his enemies .
alana smiled and replied , that is the cheesiest thing i have ever heard someone say trying to get a date with me .
i just asked that because it seemed like a cool thing to say at the time .
yeah , but it ai nt everyday that a person stops living their normal life and just kills everybody around for a few minutes and then do nt remember a thing later .
okay , i will tell you everything , but as long as the woman behind me is listening in to this conversation i will not say a thing .
i thought the same thing sir initially , but i think we should take this call seriously .
` ` i might ask you the same thing , master hutchinson .
ones he woke up in , wondering how in the hell he had gotten there when the last thing he remembered was falling asleep in his own bed .
almost said the thing he could nt take back.isnt she ?
is nt that the worst thing you ve ever heard ?
she did know one thing .
the only thing he was certain of was that he dropped her off at her school .
i have nt said one thing that should give you reason to doubt me .
but i do think that s an interesting thing to say , bob pursued .
from the sudden sob , maeve deduced that she probably said the wrong thing .
that s the nicest thing you ve said to me since we ve been dating .
her cheeks reddened once again as she said , i even liked the other thing .
that s a peculiar thing to say .
she remembered a thing or two from a shakespeare book she was forced to read back when she was an adult , but dared not recite them .
that s the most intelligent thing you ve said in the three years that i ve known you .
that s without a doubt the nicest thing anyones ever said to me .
you know how many times i ve thought that same thing ?
it had become an act of exhibitionism in its most natural form , if such a thing can be said .
all the signs say the same thing : i am hungry and need food .
okay , i said , but promise me one thing .
i thought the same thing about yours .
i told jessie the same thing , you could get your job back when david is caught .
i told her the same thing i d told junior , that i was watching his place on a hunch .
the little guy asked for my story , and i gave him the same thing i d given reyes .
one thing i never understood about cocaine users was how they could share something that they stuck up their nose , like a twenty - dollar bill or a straw .
in the dim light under the bed , i saw toms frightened eyes , and i imagine he saw the same thing looking at me .
well , she invited me in one thing led to another no !
same thing we were drinking earlier is fine with me .
she moved her mouth closer to mine and said , now , the most important thing .
i ve been thinking the same thing ever since i arrived and saw you in that dress .
well , i can tell you one thing .
darrell did not say a thing .
they all looked at each other as if i had just said the most ridiculous thing .
you know , i have been a detective for a long time , and in my experience , a lot of people who have been in your position now have said the same thing .
i think you said that same thing when you first came over to my place on west 4th avenue .
there s just one thing that s missing .
i would nt say a thing ; i would nt want to change how my life has turned out .
i find the different answers fascinating so i will ask you the same thing who do you admire ?
her dad used to say the same thing .
hell , i do nt owe him a damn thing .
sure thing , said bri .
that is funny , because i was just thinking the same thing .
i could ask you the same thing , but my question is , should nt you know by now about not going anywhere with someone you do nt know ?
the only thing i can say is thank you .
no , i basically got the same thing .
and what i have said so far , can all be related to this one thing , ian paused after this long monologue to underline the seriousness of what he was about to say .
i do n't know what is going on , but the past days have taught me one thing .
first intelligent thing he s said yet .
no , i do nt mean the whole escape thing .
i was certain we were both thinking the same thing , but telling grant to stick it in his ear probably was nt going to make our stay anymore pleasant .
i felt love - bombed , and no matter how much i tried to deny it , it could only mean one thing .
don glanced at mary and patted her hand , cleared his throat and said , well , i guess there s only one thing to say .
helluva thing , said bill .
one thing i was certain of : the crovirs would come after me again .
that was the only thing i could scrounge up in my discombobulated mind , and i thought it sounded logical enough .
it seemed as though i needed to spell every little thing out for him , he needed things said to him in a certain way and very frankly in order to understand my parts of the conversations .
it seemed as though i needed to spell every little thing out for him , he needed things said to him in a certain way and very frankly in order to understand my parts of the conversations .
as he stood in the rays of those twin stars , he felt himself in the presence of a goddess , and he knew a thing : he could admire this woman , but he could never love her .
it said pretty much the same thing they had discussed and there was a picture and a small write up about the angel trumpet .
` ` kate , i m aware of no such thing .
the other thing i wanted to say is that the confidential stuff i hear , has to stay confidential .
i tried to scream but the only thing that came out of my mouth was a hoarse moan .
` ` but before we wait , can i ask one last thing ? ''
she might be a slip of the tongue once or twice with someone drunk , but to repeat it over and over again , meant only one thing to me .
` ` the only thing he said , over and over , was baby , '' leech said .
the whole thing did nt add up .
i ve gone over the whole thing in my mind a hundred times .
it was probably the only thing we d ever agree on .
sure thing , coach .
patrick was so taken aback by the look in her eyes , he could not think of a single thing to say in response .
dispirited and still drunk , he considered , and not for the first time , telling madeline one thing , anything , about his thwarted efforts in an effort to unburden himself of the oppressive sense of frustration weighing on his shoulders .
the only other thing she said was that the man tried to give elizabeth a ring , a rather large diamond , in fact , as a tip for helping him select several pieces to hang in his downtown flat .
one thing , before we start .
the only thing i feel certain about is that frank wants dialogue ; merely publishing to the anonymous world of the net wo nt do it for him .
i am of the opinion that you should not have let eva roberts go , and that is the first thing you should correct .
what was the last thing he said to you ?
there is no such thing as gulf war syndrome so prove it !
the one thing he was always grateful for was they did nt have to worry about enough food on the table or going without clothes .
when they are questioned about some of their activities and things they are saying in their mosques and other gathering places in america they just say , it is our civil right to say what we want in america .
the last thing they said to each other in person as they hugged was , i love you .
the one thing he feared the most for michael had come true .
doug pointed his gun at him and the only thing he said to him was run .
tell you one thing , that 's a hell of a number to put on the table .
but i 'll tell you one thing : he learned real fast .
tell you one thing , my intruders had been thorough .
all i know is , intel was claiming exactly the same thing about memory chips a few years back , just before asano and noda and their pals chewed them up and spit them out .
it was the only thing i could think of that made the slightest sense .
and the only thing i could think of was that noda 's something had a lot to do with my profession .
i got the impression she was half thinking the same thing .
that probably sounds a bit ambitious on everybody 's part , but after watching the dai nippon juggernaut for a couple of days i knew one thing for sure : we 'd have plenty of heavy backup .
` ` amy 's mother said approximately the same thing as she was packing her bags .
tell you one thing , dr . tamara richardson was still in great shape .
because as tam and i sat there , noda 's offer to head up some kind of new world consortium dangling before us , what our two heads came up with was the scariest thing that 'd ever crossed my path .
` ` tell you one thing , that silver case has got to disappear , fast .
` ` you 'll have to concede one thing , though .
and then they 'd kill him anyway because he could n't tell them the one thing they wanted to know .
the only thing i ' m sure of so far today is that this morning 's little accident was no accident . ''
darndest thing . ''
` ` the only thing the legends actually say is that king minos ordered daedalus , resident genius , to create a secret labyrinth in the cellar of the palace to keep the beast .
for him to do what he 'd done tonight could only mean one thing : he was terrified .
` ` that 's the one thing i can not possibly discuss , michael . ''
the only thing i ' m sure of is that all the talk about near - space research is bullshit .
tell you one thing , there 's nothing like it in chicago . ''
` ` but i 'll sound rather a fool if i do n't know the first thing about the situation .
one thing you had to say for michael : he 'd arranged the deal with great finesse .
as he walked between the vehicles , the hangar 's wide banks of fluorescents glaring down on the final preflight preps for daedalus i , he was sure of only one thing : at this point , the revised plan was the only option left .
the russian voice , with its uncertain english , was the last thing he 'd expected .
the space was cylindrical , which could only mean one thing : it was designed to be rotated , again probably by the computer , adjusting the attitude or inclination of the pilot continuously to make sure the g - forces of acceleration and deceleration would always be acting down on him , like gravity , securing him into that special g - seat .
one thing you had to say for her , she never forgot appointments .
` ` amateurs do not know the first thing about bluffing .
` ` the same thing america once did to japan .
they both were thinking the same thing : what kind of military action was possible ?
and i want to say one more thing about our game a while ago . ''
` ` if such a thing were to be true , '' kirwani continued , ever cautious ; ` ` it might well have been just over a week ago . ''
he 'd learned one thing in fifteen years of navy : when you did n't know what could happen , you planned for the worst .
was she thinking the same thing ?
one thing you had to say for them , they were masters of deceit .
` ` i do know one thing .
` ` who told you such a thing ? ''
i 'll grant you one thing , though .
he just said the first thing that popped into his head : speaking of rich , do you mind if i ask what exactly you mean by a nice happy ever after ?
tell her to stop , i ca nt stand it any longer '' , her sister claudia thundered , slamming the door of the living room in anger , ` ` the same thing every night .
they no longer exist for me , because now i have learned one thing .
` ` remember the first thing i explained to you .
` ` the only thing i know for sure is that i should go out like this today .
wystan was tired of going over the same thing time and time again .
when the lawyer accused him of making the whole thing up , aidan punched him in the mouth in front of the whole court , breaking two teeth .
it was always the same thing .
` ` one thing 's for certain , there 's certainly a lot of work around at the moment .
the only thing he had clear was that the giant had n't walked through the bar to get to the toilet .
` ` that 's the most stupid thing you ' ve ever said , '' he let her know , wiping the tear from her cheek .
` ` i ' ve already thought the same thing , '' wilfred admitted .
it was the most ridiculous thing he 'd ever heard .
the only other thing that '' then he understood .
i 'll tell you the only thing i can .
the only definite thing the psychiatrist had told him was that the treatment would be long .
and the only thing that aidan remembered now from his conversation with his millionaire ally was an ` ` i warned you '' , and that he 'd get him out of jail as soon as he could .
the only thing that i can tell you is that you ca n't interfere with it .
` ` one thing i ' m not going to do is accept what the soul is because an old man and a kid tell me it is .
that 's one thing i ' m sure of . ''
i decided that there really was no such thing .
i wo nt let you boil it all down to one and the same thing , i said , defensively .
and from those who hold you hostage we ask one last thing .
our conversation might be light - hearted and convivial , but the gesture always meant the same thing .
if i learned one thing from my time with menachem and aban and poor beniamin kachigian , it is this .
what a wonderful thing to say .
i wo nt say a thing to anyone , josh promised as they turned down a very narrow , dim hallway .
now , with the paperwork in his hands with the towns name right in front of him , this could only mean one thing .
i was wondering the same thing sam agreed , it was a gamble we took , but the good news is , we pulled it off .
i looked at her and said , it could ve have happened like that , its impossible , but more and more people who saw the whole incident came running over saying the same thing .
sam nodded how can anyone explain such a thing ?
everyone said the same thing about the forest felt as though something was inside it watching by what , no one could say .
sam was convinced of one thing , alien abductions where not real .
sam had to laugh at the whole thing .
they might be up there asking the same thing .
make no mistake about it guys aliens are evil bobby said if there s one thing comic books have taught me , its aliens will take out all life on earth in a heart beat .
no problem kyle said i m telling no one , ever at least this night taught us one thing .
he felt himself getting a bit nervous , wanting to say the right thing .
he jumped inside , why was she asking such a thing ?
everyone in the room agreed on one thing .
the other soldiers with him looked up as well , as though thinking the same thing , but no one said a word .
its not the type of thing you tell someone right away .
the funniest thing came to his mind .
he knew bobby was thinking the same thing he was .
its not the type of thing you can tell someone when you meet them .
there s one thing i ve figured out over the years , aliens are a threat to us .
there s no such thing as aliens bobby looked up in the sky and then over to timmy .
we thought the same thing about our own planet long ago .
one person runs around saying the sky is falling and the next thing you know , a million people are running around saying the same thing .
why would they say such a thing if they saw the ufo with their own eyes ?
luke looked over to timmy you mention in your book the aliens visited other cultures as well throughout history yes timmy answered the druids where taught the same thing , they went on to build stonehenge .
mannys leathery face twisted into the closest thing to a smile he could conjure .
the third thing is just a comment .
rosie , i just need to say one thing to mrs . lamberth , he said .
they had put together every thing too well , too convincingly .
vance dustin , the hired hand , heard the same thing from the bunkhouse .
i ve since decided there is no such thing , hanson said .
i ve tried to convince myself of that very thing .
but it was the last thing she said to him .
tell me the whole thing .
all parties say the same thing , including the police report .
i figure to tell you the whole thing .
i thought you might be thinking the same thing .
when my gaze saw the words on the paper and they matched the words in my memory i could only think one thing : ' great , this time we 're actually facing a lawsuit . '
one moment you re the knight in shining armor , next one you re the universes favorite punching bag wasting your life with a silly smile on your face and let me tell you one thing , your strings will only be pulled harder and harder .
does it sound like i could tell you such a thing without being a total hypocrite ?
in retrospect , that was easily the deepest thing she ever said to me .
answer me one thing first : what is ?
no such thing as fighting a war and leaving unharmed .
its the kind of thing one can not just get over , a trauma that will probably haunt me for the whole duration of my life .
only then i noticed how rude i could come across to some , but could nt say a thing directly related to the topic after that without losing my composure .
it was the last thing she had expected to hear from him .
` ` what a horrid thing to say detective , you do nt know the first thing about our clinic . ''
` ` what a horrid thing to say detective , you do nt know the first thing about our clinic . ''
` ` and you have no idea what the important thing she needed to tell you was ? ''
` ` there is one thing ben , i do nt know that it means anything , so do nt go getting all flippity over it . ''
` ` sure thing buddy , just do nt leave it too long . ''
` ` i can tell you one thing for sure , '' she began , ` ` i wo nt hit it off too well with him if i do nt bring him his beer ! ''
he was nt sure of what would happen during their date , but the one thing he was certain of .
yeah , pretty dumb thing to say was nt it ?
i was nt sure if it was because he was worried or wanted to make sure i did nt slip and say the wrong thing .
it was the only thing her kids could say that could chip the enamel of her spirit .
the thing is , when i look at this stranger in front of me i feel none of those things .
i d like to tell him the same thing , he seems to be aching to hear it but right now it would be a lie .
but i can tell you just one thing what one thing ?
but i can tell you just one thing what one thing ?
that is the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard .
he spits too readily ; and of one thing i m sure as he pushes me out through the double glass hospital doors .
i blurt the first thing and somehow i know i ve never been good at guessing games .
the last thing i want to do is go back to bed but i know he s right .
he whispers sweet and encouraging things to me .
i remember him kissing me and carrying me to the bedroom then saying that creepy thing about me being sustenance for him .
that is possibly the weirdest thing i ve heard since i awoke and i do nt know why .
so you do drink , i said , and damned if i knew why i said such an abominable thing .
but what haunts me to this daywell , the other thing that haunts me to this dayis that i never told her how i felt about her .
what scared her is what it all meant , and why that was the last thing i remembered .
maybe she read into it , put all her eggs in that basket , and when i did nt capitalize on her ambiguous statement , that could only mean one thing to her : i did nt feel the same way about her .
and the take care , jeffrey , that was almost a farewell - sounding thing to say .
she gave howard a trying look and said , if you should remember one thing , its how wonderful dad was in all of this .
it was either adrenaline or a survival mechanism , but the pain in my left shoulder blinked away and the only thing on my mind was air .
every mother tells them the same thing : no more playing with dollies until you can learn to play nice !
its a weird thing to tell my brother , but so you know , i lost my virginity at twenty .
no one knows why these people disappear , the only for sure thing is that we always find the bodies in this exact spot , and almost always the same way , white hair , terrified expression , and hands that look like they died fighting for their life .
not if they wanted a for sure thing .
she looked him in the eyes and the next thing she said was the start of a downward spiral that led him to being on top of the chair .
what you re about to see is without a doubt the most disturbing thing i ' ve ever had to show another human being , but i truly believe that it 's for the best .
yes , ( or no ) these damn arguments have to stop , where was the thought , oh yes , that was something i wished i could tell her , it blew me away how clearly she could see things , but alas , she is gone , gone forever , the moon has risen further overhead , this night will never seem to end , but then again , this beach has become my own personal hell , the waves lap against the shoreline , and ask to be touched , but swimming is n't on my agenda , not tonight at least , tonight i have a stop to make , and a friend to see , that friend will help set me free , they are my guidance , and tonight i am seeking the ultimate salvation , days had passed since she had received that note , i thought over my options , and realized that she was in danger , because of me , not the most admirable thing i will ever say , yet i could say it with honesty , and that 's the only way i would say it , because had it not been for me , i ' m sure things would have been different , no matter though , one thing was for sure , i had to tell her my situation , ( our situation ) there is no our ( there is when you think about it ) which is n't that often , ( which is every day ) get out of my head !
people heard the last thing billy said and now everyone is thinking that this had become an unsafe working environment , that there 's something here preventing you from moving forward .
the man looked into the mirror and locked eyes , with the driver , he could see the twisted face , and the man leaned back against his seat , and smiled , you son of a bitch the driver said , yea i know , it 's why i do what i do the driver sped up , wanting this ride to end , as soon as possible , the hours pass , but they arrive , he walks to the door , and looks back at the driver , hope i haunt your dreams buddy .. one last thing , she tasted so good the driver launches out of his seat , but he 's stopped by the guard , as the man steps onto the ground , and looks at his new home , this place that he did n't realize , would change him , he walks through the gate , gives the bus one last look , and waves with a smile , he walks into the prison , that would be his last stop , 25 years later ... .
that s the strangest thing i ever heard !
it was dravus 's idea ; he said it might help with the nightmares she 'd been havingthe last thing he said to me before leaving sunday morning .
i managed only ten minutes of un voyage en ballon before realizing i could n't remember a thing i just read .
they were all saying the same thing .
` ` funny , i was just wondering the same thing about you , '' hagnus said .
just tell me one thing .
and to my mind , that can only mean one thing .
that was the first thing out of my cousins mouth when i arrived back at the farmhouse .
he had a sense of humor and knew just when to say the right thing to break the tension .
i stepped back to stand alone with meagan and we were already thinking the same thing .
and then a minute after that brad ran in from the other side and said almost the same thing .
brads face flushed red and i knew that he was thinking the same thing i was .
meagan huffed restlessly and i knew she was thinking the same thing .
look , said the it guy , ill tell you the same thing i told that red - head who was snooping around here .
you / he / she has started to shout as if the same making who knows thing , i have had to escape because the tamer would have killed me concluded , then you / he / she was hissed of hit and you / he / she settled to look at the sky with melancholy air .
hiii hiii ( thing you want ? )
the declaration i have to tell you an important thing you / he / she was saying italo that , thanks to the whole vinsanto that you / he / she had drunk , to the moment he / she did n't stammer .
by the way , thing you were saying ?
and considering us , badly that i had been fortunate ; i had lost my body , a beautiful almost perfect dog body for thing ?
and believe me , have now seen how works , was the last thing that would have liked !
done take by a motion of pity you save a dog hurt by the road and thing i / you / he / she earn us ?
did i interrupt him / it thing i had to do of it of my body ?
have not i understood of thing him well still you treat but do i hope for you that is not a joke , otherwise you know him / it what will happen you , true ?
i could imagine very well thing you / he / she was thinking : you / he / she would have assisted impotent to his / her own murder .
not having to censor myself or be afraid of saying the wrong thing .
i know this is wrong but the first thing that popped into my mind was the quickest way to the mothers heart is through her daughter .
one thing was true among all the lies that motter and his attorneys were spewing out ; tonka was a friend of mine .
this is the one thing i know , he will suffer .
a man who came in and said the kind of thing nicholas was saying to a husband , taking that kind of risk , had to have nuts the size of basketballs .
the only thing he s offering is slavery and death , paige said .
eddie screamed at nicholas to stop , called him every foul thing he could think of , but nicholas did nt respond .
she told me everything and surely would have told me such a thing .
i promise ill stop , but there s still one thing i d like to know .
the special agent rolled his eyes and said , were thinking pretty much the same thing .
an attempted coup followed by a bloody civil war is one thing that comes to the mind .
dm jumped off his seat and begin in an excited voice , ` ` that can mean only one thing .
dm shook his head slightly and said , ` ` same thing can be said about general asgar too .
hm challenged him , ` ` well , tell me one thing that does . ''
matt came down from the stage and said one thing to sara before he left the room ; its good to see you alive , sara , because burning 's a horrible way to die .
as sara went to the door , she said one final thing to matt .
he loves being the center of attention and being on stage is his ultimate high , if that s the proper thing to say about a fifth - grader .
larry looked at him askance , but alex did nt give larry the chance to say a thing .
this place , a long time ago , used to be ai think the nice thing to call it is a brothel , and it had the name the cat house .
one other thing , she whispered .
adam looked thoughtful , as if he were trying to come up with the next thing he wanted to ask , though he already knew .
the first thing i d like to say is the person you see before you is nt me .
the same thing is nt true of a newspaper column .
i think we could put a big image of the logo with the message superimposed over it and ill have larry run the same thing in the paper .
that s the only thing i d accept for breaking your promise to ryan .
` ` remember one thing that my granddaddy lindsey always told me .
we need to know one more thing .
the only thing she had n't told him was that she had indeed shot brooks and was the mastermind of the whole wildcat operation .
` ` jenkins said a peculiar thing on the phone . ''
i can not imagine such a thing .
that s one thing .
i need to know one thing from you , one thing only : where is my daughter ?
i need to know one thing from you , one thing only : where is my daughter ?
the first thing he said was that john could have known piero .
one thing occurs to me , claudia .
one thing i would say is that i think you should give up that job of yours and get back to frontline research with me .
the only thing he let slip was that the person was a man .
james dean and his friends huddled into a circle a little ways off and the first thing he said was .
yet every time dan would find a break in the tree line as he scanned the perimeter of the small field the shadow barred that way too and told him the same thing .
have nt i shown you just how much you mean to me , that you can hide such a thing from me ?
he d asked himself the self - same thing over and over for the past fourteen years .
the last thing she said to me that night was you can be my friend now .
-tell me one thing at least , david continued .
as he said the words he thought about ralph telling him the same thing and how he d felt when he first heard it .
he only wondered whether , in davids mind , being true and expressing a truth meant the same thing .
so now tell me your story : only do me a favour david and remember the last thing i said .
good : that s the most important thing i need to hear from you .
you and i are always saying the same thing in different ways .
we do nt hear some inner voice that might tell us one thing on one day and the opposite thing the next .
we do nt hear some inner voice that might tell us one thing on one day and the opposite thing the next .
-i ca nt pretend that is an easy question , and the first thing to say is that we all hope there wo nt be a war .
-its a hard thing for me to say .
-i do nt know about any of that , he said , but i can tell you the last thing that albert said to me .
he should know by now that there was no such thing as no promises .
-what a strange thing to say .
-what a curious thing to say .
did nt you tell her they have nice places called funeral parlours where people say a lot of soothing things about worlds that do nt exist and then you can go and set fire to the remains .
long blonde hair and pale blue eyes sounded like the best thing he d heard all evening .
he wondered if the dentists and toothbrushes thing might click into place next .
that explained one thing , of course : why the soppy - text mobile number was shown as just a number and not a name .
that was a typical thing for her to say : he loved to hear it .
thing one and thing two suppressed giggles .
thing one and thing two suppressed giggles .
oh look , it d be easy to get a siege mentality see it out , weather the storm , that kind of thing .
st cloud had seen about a million bloodstains and he knew when it was curry or coffee or rust or shit , and this was none of those things .
st cloud said , now lets get one thing very straight here , graham .
god , that s a really awful thing to say .
because that seems a damned funny thing for you to ask .
she said , that s a really weird thing to ask .
we are thinking the same thing .
that 's the craziest thing i ' ve ever heard ! !
` ` i urge each and every one of you to merely remember one thing when voting on this resolution- we are all in this together .
if you ask me , they know a good thing when they see it.-bruce is a real catch for them and they have sense enough to know it.-lydia , who hated bruce with a passion until a little over a year ago , could nt find enough nice things to say about him at this point.-she realized now that bruce was the best thing that could have happened to her daughter.-but , oh , how she had resented them both for eloping and getting married in the first place.-and then they had made their home in ireland and that had definitely caused a real rift.-then johnny , their son , her grandson , had come back to kentucky and made his home with her and from there had fallen in love with chrissy , their neighbor.-grandmother lydias heart had finally thawed out and she was a completely different person now ; and how grateful everyone was for that !
but the poor indian had to go far , far away because the sheriff was just sure shadowhawk was the thief so he never got to see his family again.-isnt that the saddest thing you ever heard , chrissy ?
but how will the jury know who to believe if one lawyer is telling them one thing and the other lawyer is telling them something different ? -candy was puzzled .
and ill bet mine says the same thing does nt it daddy ?
that s the main thing we needed to tell you.-lester finkley is still alive.-he has been in critical condition in the hospital in dallas - fort worth ; but he is able to be out of the hospital now and able to stand trial .
you do nt owe me another thing , johnny.-ive been on the payroll of the drug enforcement administration , so i m fine .
ryus eyes were glinting as if he and guy were thinking the same thing .
she remembered guy saying the same thing to rena when he was in the mood to fool around with her .
ryu asked , cocking his eyebrow as if that was the most ridiculous thing he had ever heard .
and when fei long came into my home and said all those things , of course i thought , shoot , i do nt wan na make an enemy out of fei long of all people -- ken was attacked by the raging demon at a tournament that rose had invited him to .
let me tell you one thing , kiddo , ken once said to him .
at the time , he had almost given up hope ; it was the absolute worst thing he could have heard .
kurt had been wondering this same thing .
shed be like , omg , its the worst thing ever to happen in my life !
at least we know one thing about this elden : he s an optimist .
but then if you truly believe that i did waste ferrer maybe that s not the wisest thing to be saying to me .
he wondered if he was getting into a repetitive dream - cycle again , as in the year after his father died : the settings were usually familiar , their farmhouse , isle de rey beaches , but in many of them he was having fresh conversations with his father , as if he was still alive ; and he d start to panic that if he said the wrong thing , his father would then realize he was dead .
15 bye - bye had got his nickname because fellow malastra capos and soldiers had noticed that it was usually the last thing he said before he wasted someone with his favored cougar 9 mm ; and , as malastras main trigger - man , it was something he said often .
second thing is it said a couple o things that did nt relate at all to those earlier samples ... unless , that is , she s into makin really big , not to mention brave , leaps omagination .
trust me , ms . kokuri told me the exact same thing about herself already . ''
` ` you 're going to sit here and listen to this , the whole thing , or i have a couple of guys standing outside this office who could fit you for some concrete shoes . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as a tight lock .
seth imagined her abrasiveness , her ability to say the very thing that would piss you off the most , was the reason that , in addition to being a fence , she was a top - notch dominatrix that commanded thousands of dollars per client each visit .
` ` you did hear the thing about the guns being pointed at our heads , right ? ''
i was relieved for one thing , he brought the first aid kit .
one thing i learned was if a human told you to trust them , raise a red flag .
trust me , i know , i have had a lot of experience with genation and one thing i have learned is we must put our trust in the overseer .
closest thing we got , right ?
i bet oppenheimer said the same thing .
this was the wrong thing to say because everyone burst out laughing .
lets get one thing straight , jelly rolls .
it was the last thing i would have ever expected .
it did nt come all at once , and its still not definite , but reading my journal from the first page to the present and looking at the condition that has become of it and remembering the pains that i have endured , one thing is clear : i did nt put myself in this situationsomeone else threw me into it .
there s one thing he wrote that stands out in my mind .
and in this case i guess it expresses the one thing that s still on my mind after this entry .
if the only thing you ve come to learn is that when life gets you down , it spits on you again and again , then you begin to think you re worthless and you begin to question why you re even here at all .
sam , you have n't said a thing , he said .
your humble servant , rome in the holy year of mdc 2 kunsthistorisches museum , vienna january 10 the first thing i thought when i saw her for the first time was that she was beautiful .
the only thing he could think of was that she was possibly too good but that were no reason someone got killed .
suddenly both of them said the same thing , almost in chorus .
i have thought of one thing , ludwig .
the only thing i can think of was that i did on a few occasions say that we had had some attempted theft of the sapphire box of edfu and it happened that it went around some shady people here at the museum .
when they then met with the police they said the same thing they heard other groups say .
the first thing she ever said to me was ` ` move dummy '' because i was blocking her way out of the class we were in .
i want you all to understand one thing , he said slowly , letting the words sink in .
i ' ve watched a lot of good marines succumb to their demons in my career and if i know one thing , it 's that you have to stay in control of that rage or your disability starts to control you .
an unsuspecting patron would say the wrong thing and connor would tear into them .
she listened to charles talking without knowing what was the right thing to say in reply .
he d told smith the same thing he always told the young men ; that its dangerous to get angry with the target .
one thing she could be sure of : if they could see the lions , then the lions already knew they were there , even if the presence of humans seemed not to concern them for the moment .
she kissed him on the cheek and whispered in his ear , the one thing she always said before a movie : magic is about to happen .
i have thought of another thing .
one thing i have nt gotten , said ella to the guy .
but they say the same thing about you .
one thing was true of alexander wagner , he was not fun to deal with when he was really pissed off : then anything could happen , which it did .
i wonder if i could ask you one thing .
what was the first thing you said to me that thoth was .
` ` i ' ve been all around this planet and if there 's one thing i ' ve observed , lance , is that the world can often be a harsh , unforgiving place in which to live , '' was his standard remark .
scott looked at me and only wanted to know one thing ; had i or had i not promised to give him the hockey card as payment .
but always remember this one thing .
men were shouting one thing and then another .
she dreamt close to the same thing every night .
can i ask you one thing ?
* * * as onion traveled , every villager he came across told him the same thing .
and , with that , she stormed out of my room , likely to go repeat the entire thing to mom .
but as he well knew , the other side of her , the tension and neurosis , was just a beat away , could change in the flicker of an eye with the wrong thing said ; and then the taut lines would show and slim would quickly become gaunt and shed look drawn , a tense wire of a woman on the edge , and those five years and more would suddenly pile back on .
carefully match the number of word bytes to the original document and save the whole thing as a new document to match the old document name .
but as soon as the words were out , he knew it was the wrong thing to say .
so she remained uncertain whether or not shed said the right thing .
but one thing was for sure , and that was the name had origins in germany and meant mighty judgment , and at the moment , no one was arguing that fact .
carl and i had been together for years and if there s one thing i ve learned , you do nt ask questions and you do nt interfere in his private life .
moving out would nt have changed a thing .
she looked bothered by his assessment , and it showed in the next thing she had to say .
if there s one thing i ve learned during my short lifetime , its that the only person you can trust is the one who does nt ask you for anything .
sure thing , slye said , walking out the door and heading toward the library .
what you re saying does nt prove a thing .
all this activity can mean only one thing - a footballer has been bought or , more likely with newcastle united , sold .
that has to be the craziest thing i ve ever heard come out of a mans mouth , cried jimmy who was now attempting to calm himself down from his laughing fit .
chance moved toward me slowly and intently with the look that could only say one thing .
murmuring the same thing again and again , the surface of his index finger slowly pressed itself against the gun 's trigger .
looking at the faces of the men and women who gathered to comfort her , she suddenly wondered how many of them expected the same thing .
but ill deny i ever said such a thing if you tell anyone .
fred was the first to ask the question , though i was a second away from asking the same thing .
it was a damned retarded thing to say .
aaron had nt looked at the menu , but said he d have the same thing i was having , a carne asada burrito .
i d have said the same thing .
you deserve every nice thing i said .
he probably thought the same thing .
it was an abominable thing to say .
it was too mature a thing to say by an eight - year - old .
she was wondering the same thing as her husband .
what a dumb thing to say .
its hardly surprising that shed have you try to convince me of the same thing , knowing how much i adored you .
to jacobs , let alone odessa , it meant only one thing .
not the most standard thing for a teenager to say , donahue observed .
but jessica knew a thing or two about ruined lives .
yeah , my boss told me the same thing today , right before he fired me .
no such thing , no chaucer snubbed out his cigarette jessica nodded .
so apart from the fact that i ve had both an excellent meal and a clandestine meeting with my favorite suspect ... what do you think about the coffee thing ?
i take it you have nt read this whole thing .
i m going to get ethan to line up some questions for the press conference at five , see if we ca nt get them to spill a thing or two he wiped his brow , smiling nostalgically .
it was his eyes that ultimately clashed with the rest of it ; the rehearsed innocence of someone who stops by unexpectedly for just one drink or a cheating boyfriend who swears that s the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard .
ultimately the only thing jessica learned was that there was nt much chance she would learn anything .
ill leave him a note ; hope you re feeling better , that kind of thing .
one last thing jessica said as opened the office door , ready to head home .
a lifetime of lies , illogically summarized by the truest thing he had ever said to her .
do nt worry , i winked , i think the same thing as well .
that s a terrible thing to say !
she has a problem telling the truth you know , you ca nt believe a thing she says .
we told him the same thing we told you before , that we have nt heard from jennifer in years .
some of the best psychologists have seen her , and they ve all said the same thing .
we get an occasional progress report via email , and they always say the same thing ; no obvious improvement .
that is a very rude thing to say .
that is a terrible thing to say .
whether or not this girl is healthy , no one is going to believe a thing she says .
yeah , well she said the same thing to me .
that s exactly the kind of thing you would expect from a police officer .
you re only saying that because you think its the right thing to say .
this fist excerpt is the very first thing jennifer wrote during her time at grove hospital .
carol did nt want me to but , i have to , its the honest thing .
the last thing she ever wrote its in that envelope .
no that was nt the last thing she wrote .
the last thing was addressed to you .
was the only thing thousands of people could think of to say to each other in an airport .
he told schneider many , many things about the finances of his country and of his family .
mr . calder , you need to know one thing .
just one thing i want you to remember , tom firmly grasped bobs shoulders , their noses a foot apart , staring him directly in the eyes , i tell you to do something , you do it , exactly as i told you how to do it .
and now he was getting dozens of unsolicited e - mails every day , many with photos attached , all promising the same thing , but unable to deliver anything .
sure thing , erica said then looked at louie .
he sniffed the air and the smell of coffee brewing was a sweet smell first thing in the morning .
or they try to tell you every little thing that s on their mind ; meanwhile annas mind would go crazy with trying to figure out how to end the conversation as quickly as possible .
yeah , she laughed , bethany used to say the same thing to me .
` ` sure thing , thanks pat , bye - bye . ''
` ` sure thing , doctor . ''
i was most comfortable with the shotgun , but if bob had taught me one thing , it was that it was better to be too well armed , than too poorly armed .
of course , a great many people said exactly the same thing about a great many sociopaths and psychopaths , only to be proven wrong .
frank and bobby walked up c street to 5th ave . then down 5th toward harbor boulevard , neither of them saying a thing .
i do nt know if i believe that or not but one thing i know is true , in prison the answer to 50 out of 50 questions is : like shit .
one thing they got wrong is that the game was supposedly played in 1949 at the horseshoe which did nt exist for another year and a half , which would be in 1951 .
they asked him about frank salucci and rick told them the same thing gloria had he knew he was the shooter but could nt make a positive i.d .
one thing i should tell you , although you might have already guessed .
the hotel was primarily for foreigners and some very wealthy overseas chinese and every time i entered the place after i d been in china a while i would think of the same thing : on the gate of a park near the hwang po river in shanghai there was once a large sign that read no chinese and dogs allowed .
if there was one thing sydney had seen in her career it was gunshot wounds .
i have his file , but have nt read the whole thing , its rather thick .
i m not saying a thing .
its the first thing you ll get .
she always kept herself clean , strange thing to say to some , but some of the residents did n't , or could n't by themselves , and had a term of endearment sayings that always made me smile , as she was such a nice woman .
then our conversation went off the rails and became silly and we giggled like children and laughed about the hollywood movies , when the lovers would wake up first thing in the morning and start kissing .
it was so out of character for someone like grace to say such a thing , it made me laugh and also put me in a state of shock as well .
let 's get one thing straight ; lance brannigan or other management members will do their utmost to persuade you to keep your mouth shut even if you did report this .
so ask yourself one thing penelope : if anything happened to you tomorrow , god forbid '' ` ` don ! ''
knowing about her history , and jeremy , i knew that would never happen , and mentally apologised to emily for thinking such a thing , again .
how did they come up with such a thing ?
i do n't want to be one of these elderly people who slag off the young , i ' m sure there are great examples of youth , but at that age i would n't of dreamt of saying such a thing to an elderly couple .
with don 's drunken confession , at least it proved one thing ; at least i was n't going mad .
i know one thing , i ' m one of the biggest sceptics in the world when it comes to anything , but don was gifted with something unexplainable .
and very willing then she sat up and said one last thing .
this thing about the cabers was one of the few phrases i actually picked up in its entirety .
the only thing i can say is that it looked like a disney cartoon .
the only thing i can say is that mickey mouse is alive and well and living in hollywood .
bakker muttered something guttural in dutch wall could not understand , but he reckoned it was the same thing he said in his mind at the sight of the body .
black with two rounds of toast , was the first thing she thought .
the last thing lisa told him was to behave himself and do as he was told .
matt let her be ; sometimes the best thing to say is nothing .
the next thing that came to her was would it be against her ?
the one thing that urie had said kept returning to her , he has spent most of his life protecting people , people he never even knew or never would , yet he had failed to protect two most precious people in his life .
the rage in his voice was incredible , no one said a thing in the room .
the aide left with an indifferent look on his face , knowing he would be sent back to tell her the same thing .
that s a more familiar way of saying the same thing .
so , do nt worry , he ca nt prove a thing .
even first thing in the morning she was stunning to look at .
what set him apart was the fact that he always managed to say the right thing at the right time , and sincerely enough that the conversation would not result in the other party saying , are you listening to me ?
his wife even said the same thing when she called .
you said the same thing yesterday , err , tomorrow , jake answered .
will had one last thing to add .
you might be right , she said again , apparently unaware she had just said the very same thing just a few seconds earlier .
so , i have now learned a thing or two since then about why all of this stuff is going on .
it was definitely not the right thing to ask .
jake was surprised by the first thing ironside said .
if you wait around long enough he will tell you the same thing i have just told you .
steve whispered one other thing in my ear before both gave me a sad nod and left .
when she said this , i was nt paying attention , instead focused on the last thing steve had whispered : sensei ki - jo washit with several arrows .
was the most delicate thing that he could say .
' police not protecting us ' , that sort of thing . ''
` ` she would have got away with it too if she had n't ended up in that fist fight with tommy k. she blurted the whole thing out , silly girl , because he was jibing and teasing her .
` ` come here , ' saha , '' i patted the cushion next to mine , ` ` i need you to be strong , and describe the whole thing to me . ''
i think i got away with it because it was the very last thing he had expected .
the first thing any cop will tell you about the process of acquiring information , no matter who you might be interviewing in that endeavor , is that you have to be in control of the conversation .
she never mentioned it .. , yes i ' m aware that it 's not the sort of thing you tell your younger brother , but we were very close , especially , since our parents passed when we were both very young , i can not believe i would n't have guessed , also , you know , she did n't go out much at night , and although i realize that you can work at that kind of a ... job during the day , surely she would have had to um ... service some clients during the evening , what do you think ? ''
tell you one thing though , makes us look like a bunch of idiots , does n't it ?
i had simply stared at her , tongue tied , unable to say a thing .
shiloh managed to turn every thing into a complaint ; it made a person feel guilty , even if only vaguely .
of course i will , but you have to promise me one thing .
the drill sergeant read the rules , even though the privates had been hearing the same thing week after week .
i had the same thing with my brothers .
they wanted to encourage amy but great job did nt seem to be the most appropriate thing to say .
it was the only thing amy could say without sounding condescending to charlie .
one thing he had learned as company commander of a military police company was that you ca nt force a battered spouse to get help .
if i admitted that my office felt more like a crime scene than a safe haven , same thing .
you said , for one thing .
was the first thing out of his mouth , proving he had nt .
mary kate just looked puzzled by the whole thing .
i know that place is right place for you to tell us that painful thing you wish to narrate .
another thing he was about asking was difficult for him to say since he stammers .
king erodo have important thing to say .
choice in a thing line .
yeah doctor you said the right thing ; but can you die for your country ?
that is when another thing dawned on me , he does nt know yet !
i remember one thing from it and its only because it is happening now .
i did nt give her the chance to say anything back because i knew i might physically harm her if she said the wrong thing to me .
i thought for a moment and said the only thing i could think of .
i can guarantee that you read every important thing i wrote and left the best for last .
i was just about to ask the same thing .
let me make one thing very clear .
tell me one last thing , aubrey .
i should ve known , only someone like you would say such a thing .
because if that s the case let me make one thing very loud and clear .
she was telling him the same thing she said to me .
sweet dreams , was the last thing i heard before losing consciousness .
get one thing straight , he breathed against my throat .
herman had to leave , but before doing so , he said , ` ` do n't say a damn thing . ''
you know how to survive , and that 's the best thing anyone can know .
15 when eddie arrived at work and put his belongings in his locker , the first thing that anyone said to him was that he was to report to mr . aron 's office .
this was the worst possible thing he could have heard .
` ` just promise me one thing : that you wo n't harm him . ''
` ` point taken gill , but let me say one more thing '' .
' you 're an alcoholic wanker ' was the last thing she had said too him as she had cut the connection .
mrs . watson has said pretty much the same thing about your state in the weekend .
he could see by the look on grant and beckys faces that they thought the same thing about the quiet new girl .
the only thing she has told me in the last couple of hours is that she was breaking daniels windows because he is a tosser .
one thing i can be certain of mother is that each and every one of them are here for their own selfish reasons , all lying too themselves about helping people and all that rubbish .
she did not want to have the last thing she heard too be the ranting of a mad man so she was trying to block out his ugly monologue .
pavans eyes then closed to slits , and he asked , okay , what was the first thing i ever said to you ?
when i took the first sip i tasted the liquid but frankly never felt it go down my throat i realized i had nt asked one very important thing about the man who bought smokeys van .
he was insistent , asking me the same thing , over and over .
i did nt honestly know if that was a good thing , or if i would regret remembering some of the things i d heard but lost for the past few years .
the one thing that came to mind is that if the mentor had come to this home , toby the dog - bear would be going nuts .
but , this creature only wanted water or if the eye contact thing had riled him up , maybe a little more .
i repeated to dr . patel the same thing professor marsh had heard an hour earlier .
her long scream hiccupped at the impact , then a long fade , as my kid sister was flung from the car , and it was the last thing i 'd ever heard from her .
i said , setting down in my hospital bed : i just wanted to say the whole thing out loud , one time .
for one thing i ca nt miss any more school .
brawd i was just thinking the same thing .
a counsellor recommended he put every thing down in writing .
i thought you meant the other thing .
okay ... . stephen said , like jasper had just said the stupidest thing .
i have never liked expressions that involve fruit except for the word melons , but that was a typical thing you could n't say to james .
she says i only care about money , which is a typical thing to come from someone who 's desperate to call herself an artist .
the famous tv - presenter , who witnessed the whole thing from only a meter away and probably got some of her regurgitated food on his shoes , probably asked the same thing .
after all it was nt the most uncommon thing in hollywood for people to say , i ve had it with you and your obsession with yourself , your constant traveling and your absurdly elevated need for attention , although it was a mirror image they were talking to .
i want to confess one thing .
i will tell you one thing for certain ; when east india company first came to india it was the trading community and not the brahmins who prospered .
i will tell you one thing out there in our audience .
it seemed trite to nancy , but it also seemed the right thing to say .
until then , the only nukes in the entire middle east were limited to israel who got their nukes from the united states , and because we are so media compromised and enslaved , no one said a thing about it !
any way you pronounce it , it is always the same thing .
ill tell you one thing , ellie said .
brandon could tell the rally participants a thing or two , and he asked the man to hand him the microphone , which he did .
some say they remember that first responders to the world trade center on 9/11 were told the same thing by the government only to become sick and die a few months and years later .
one more thing , kefa said to them all .
after all , the whole thing did sound a little farfetched , no matter how convincing kefa might have been .
there is such a thing as lost souls disease .
i would never say such a thing .
there s one more thing you should know .
another thing , said erwin .
there s one thing you should know , peyton .
that s one thing quykatsayak , the medicine snake , teaches .
that meant that both mi6 and mi5 were hearing the same thing .
the last thing he told me was that you had treated him like a traitor , sent him on some useless training course , and given him indefinite leave .
the only thing they were sure of was that he had nt been on any of the recent flights to moscow , or to anywhere else in russia for that matter .
one further thing , if i may , sir robin .
i was asked the same thing this morning by ivanovic , but dmitri did not tell me .
he d also lied to laura , at least he d hidden the truth , which was the same thing to him .
there was no such thing as just friends at this point .
how can you say such a thing , luca would never .
if there is one thing that i have learned over my years it is that you can not help others until you have helped yourself .
but always , always , no matter what is currently happening , whether it be a conversation , a bull fight , a great feast , a movie , a sailing adventure , a game of cribbage , sex , anything , there is always a second strand of thought running through my head , and this second strand of thinking says one thing over and over again : windsor , you must capture a black and you must eat that blacks flesh .
often when people in the family think of donald the first thing that comes to mind is that he is another family financial success story .
but anyway i thought you guys might get a kick out of this i think it speaks to that whole men are from mars women are from venus thing , said zachary , while beginning to gather his papers .
he knows that and i guarantee that every time he happens upon tourists he asks them where they are going and then he says the same thing , no matter what the direction they are going .
yeah , i was thinking the same thing .
i ca nt imagine such a thing .
and some days i find myself thinking about his lifeless body , made lifeless by the swing of my sledgehammer , and i think , why could nt he have just peeled that damn negro for such a thing to me is as simple as peeling a banana .
zachary that is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard .
jasmine , i knew no such thing !
were you listening to a thing i said ?
but what about the other thing you learned about me from the thurmonds .
and i was thinking the same thing .
mike golic : vince if there is one thing i have learned in life it is to expect the unexpected .
she held a gun and that was the last thing that his mind would ever register .
i did nt want to put anything else in case i said the wrong thing ; my simple sentence had enough ambiguity to be safe .
i run under the streetlights , the closest thing i know to sunlight , and concentrate on every sensation .
your prints are all over the place , including the car that her body is found on , not to mention that every single thing you ' ve said , except for this stupid sleeping disorder , has been lies .
she feeds me a big spoonful of cinnamon toast crunch andsays , i think the justin timberlake thing sounds pretty good .
you know , i was just thinking the same thing , alan said , straightening up .
i 'll tell you guys another thing , though .
one thing he was convinced of was that hassan al - zaid had n't acted alone .
it was the sweetest thing and i m glad that he gave me such a nice memory to remember him by .
anyways , i looked at the demographics of the passengers when they released the list of victims and i can tell you one thing for certain .
he had received more than 50 by mid - morning and all of them basically said the same thing .
if you love somebody , you often wish it was you who had died and the thing that goes through your head will more likely be that you wished you had told the deceased one last time how much you cared for them .
somebody coming up behind him could only mean one thing : the terrorists knew that he was on the run .
it 's another thing the united states owes you for .
like clockwork but i learnt one thing , i would never want to get on the wrong side of the boss .
they were each told the same thing , i want two things ; i want you to search your conscience and i want your clothes .
jd answered just one thing , that you wanted to join up with john judge because that s where the action was .
the one thing that he had seen in real life was that the image of the loyal , loving , honest filipino woman was a myth .
realised he had not heard a thing the doctor had said .
prince charmings taking you out this weekend , was the last thing i remembered hearing as i drifted off .
shed told him a thing or two before and he knew it in his gut .
to this luther gave her a curious glance and a small wayward smile and glanced at raine , replying , i was thinking just about the same thing .
to think that the very winds bowed to the will of one mans emotions had to be as ludicrous an instinct as he felt thinking such a thing .
they shared the same thoughts and often , when he spoke , he noticed that she had just opened her mouth to say the same thing .
one thing i ve learnt is never to rely on you as a backup .
what growing up around the gangs had taught him was that there was no such thing a fair fight .
have nt you learned a fucking thing !
there was small comfort in the idea and his spirits were not at all improved with the realisation that attie was probably thinking the same thing about him .
the one thing that dahlia had said that stuck in his mind was , save our boy , however you have to .
i knew what he was thinking , i was thinking the same thing .
you know a thing or two .
there s a woman here , was the first thing that came out of my mouth , i m sorry good morning , george .
but the most important thing , the thing that jane remembered , was the way the andover lady said those things out loud , coolly and matter - of - factly , distilling into a few not unsympathetic words what jane already knew from harsh experience .
but the most important thing , the thing that jane remembered , was the way the andover lady said those things out loud , coolly and matter - of - factly , distilling into a few not unsympathetic words what jane already knew from harsh experience .
because there was no such thing .
the new me is all - that s the stupidest goddamn thing i ve ever heard .
that second thing .
where there is no such thing .
he knew not what this display of nature meant , but he was certain of one thing : it was a natural phenomena of the storm and had no devilish or supernatural connection .
but i do want to share with you one thing .
that was the only thing i could come up with at the moment .
the only thing she asked for herself was that she might have understanding .
jane must have thought the same thing , because the first thing she did was turn up the thermostat .
i thought maybe people made up the things they said about you , but this thing , whatever it is , follows you around .
then , the only thing i thought about , besides my fear , was you , edmund .
it was stupid , but it was the only thing that came to mind , which now clearly focused only on how little clothing both of us were wearing and how full xias lips looked in the morning .
funny , i allowed my thoughts to spill out of my head aloud , a lot of people think the same thing about the catholics .
every year , her father would say the same thing as they began to eat , how many people are you expecting ?
it was probably the wrong thing to say , but he wanted kristen to say something , anything .
it was the first thing she had said since they had left her home .
seven the one consistent thing cole kept hearing as he asked around town about the zoning , real estate , and the poorer side of town was reference to the old preacher out there .
for the life of him , though , cole could nt remember a single thing he ever said .
the thing that hurts the most is i missed all the years when she was growing older .
the first thing , i ve already blown .
now , whatever you have against him does nt matter beans to me , but save the cole sage did this , that and the other thing , cause nobodys buying it .
one thing you do nt want is to get hit from the side and roll with a giant wave .
it tastes good , but i m sure every prisoner on death row says the same thing before they are led to the chamber .
i quickly run back to the study and grab another curtain and repeat the same thing with her .
i know that sounds hard to believe , but one thing i have learned in the last few months is no matter how bad things get you just keep on going .
i call out the most intelligent thing i can muster , hey you .
being the noble guy that i am , i try to say the right thing .
i wonder the same thing because evan has one too and here i thought i was the one working in the oval office , maybe i should stop spending so much time at the bowling alley .
he is saying the same thing he was saying the other night , but in even bigger words , so i do nt want him to think i do nt know what he is saying so i just nod every time he pauses and he keeps going .
i smartly answer back , though from evan 's expression , maybe it was n't the best thing to say .
i do nt answer , thinking for a moment till i finally say the first thing that comes to mind .
i look at karen and then craig and wonder if they 're thinking the same thing that i am that we 're screwed .
i ' m not sure how long we stayed there but the next thing i remember is waking up to marissa 's voice on the monitor .
i think that is her specialty , remember the ocd thing .
i do nt tell them about all my doubts , especially the battery thing that jim has come up with .
and one thing i had learned from watching dust settle all those times , you just ca n't hurry dust .
if felt like a foolish thing to say .
as though to emphasise the point , mcgovern leaned even further into his , strengthening his voice for one of his trademark rousing finishes : if there is one thing i have learnt in my years doing this program , when it comes to american heroes , you know them when you see them .
sure thing , old man , smirked hope .
i ve spent much of my life high above the ground and if there s one thing i ve learnt is that gravity is an unforgiving son of a bitch .
the one thing i ve learnt is that life should always hurt .
i wonder if they are thinking the same thing that i am that i look presidential .
i m not sure what well find at the end or even if well make it , but the next thing i hear is the engine sputter and then nothing but silence .
i do nt know , it just sounds like the right thing to say .
it was the only thing i could think of to say .
i thought the same thing , and , no , its not about the money .
if she was the anonymous caller , then why did she have to see me in person to say the same thing ?
sweetest thing you ever said to me , you big lummox .
you always say just the right thing .
especially since she told me the same thing dingo breath did .
in my heart , i questioned if i were being disloyal to the woman i loved , but then remembered that becca alleged the same thing .
so candy calls her room yesterday morning oh , that s the other thing i need to tell you .
the one thing i can always count on with jamie .
the last thing i heard was they were planning on staking out your office and had warrants executed to monitor your phones .
okay , you got my attention , but before you say anything i just want to tell you the same thing i told your boss .
there was one thing i had learned after years of experience and it was one important fact , i did nt like to be wrong .
i looked up as i considered the whole thing .
ya , that was the first thing i thought of but none of them matched .
mark shook his head slowly and said , i m going to tell you the same thing i told your brother .
i walked up close to him and pulled him to the side , if you could say one thing to shawn hunter and the minutemen projectwell to all his supporters in general , what would it be ?
i do nt know a whole lot about it michael , but ill tell you one thing , its supposed to be highly controversial .
she knew the test kits were over 99 % accurate , and that was not even accounting for the other signs in her body which said the same thing .
one thing that rosie got from his own mum was a recipe for the best catfish curry he had ever tasted .
just one thing more , in return for the extra twenty i promised , how about you give me a drive back to the station , i will call it a taxi fare , it is too bloody hot and too bloody far to walk and it will save me having to call a patrol car or taxi to come and get us .
and in that moment the only thing she had revealed was that something or someone , other than herself , had caused what happened .
the second thing was something else she said on the plane .
that thing that you said about susan , murder , it just ca nt possibly be true .
alan admitted that the only thing he had to say this person was mark bennet , not someone else , was a photo on a drivers license .
it was the only thing that seemed clear in her muddled brain .
she said , there is one thing i must tell you .
vic replied , there is another thing i must also tell you too .
you can know one thing for sure , ira wo nt sit calm until you are brought to her court of vengeance .
this lifes a hard one , young man , and if there s one thing i ve learned , its that you ve got ta take all you can . ''
she laughed , and it was the most delicious thing bill ever heard .
` ` that 's a cold thing to say , bill . ''
it is late , so we decide it would be best if we all meet at the lab first thing in the morning .
what a terrible thing to call a brilliant doctor / scientist like stolz .
we have contacted the pharmaceutical company and they are going to ship some to us first thing in the morning .
i check my phone and it shows the same thing .
i see derrick looking out of the window and i know he is thinking the same thing .
when you first mentioned moving here , that was the first thing that entered my mind when i thought about what i would do for work here .
there was n't a thing in the world he would n't give if he could just undo those few seconds in pennsylvania which had stolen so much from them both .
after all , if there was one thing he had learned in business it was never to put all your eggs in one basket .
and do nt tell me that it is nt the same thing .
and why did nt scott simply explain thing himself ?
i was going to ask you the same thing , ashe growled .
it had been building up for the past couple of days , the secrets and half - truths , telling one person one thing while keeping another thing from that same person .
it had been building up for the past couple of days , the secrets and half - truths , telling one person one thing while keeping another thing from that same person .
it was the same thing that franklin barrett said to me about his own crime .
it was the same thing that luckys brother had said .
i ask ya to do one goddamn thing , rodney roared .
he had asked cliff the same thing a little earlier , but rodney seemed to be more open with information , even if he was still heartless .
the one thing connecting all the dots i had just listed was not a thing ; it was a who .
well , its the only thing that makes sense .
oh , the dollars to doughnuts thing .
and later , just before the guys left , they repeated the same thing .
that whole thing the russian murderer was shouting , the red will end all twenty - seven daffodils ?
at least they agreed on one thing .
i clenched my teeth to not say a thing about professor john dryden , the professor who took me to danielles apartment .
you said this thing to me , the morning after we were married .
my mother says the same thing , alex said .
every british person i meet is either a sean , john , tom ... alex said the same thing when i met her , sean said .
not sure what else to do , he said the one thing that he knew would make her respond .
i thought the whole beat up alex and stick her in a dark room thing was a dream .
meanwhile one thing was clear .
there is one more thing i should tell you while you are here .
anna started yelling at alisa , saying the same thing about respect that she said in the restaurant .
he had never said a single bad thing about his childhood .
to chee meng , that meant only one thing and he told them so .
` ` sure thing , '' chee meng said .
i was certain of one thing : i would definitely baptize him .
let me get one thing straight , he said , his voice hardening .
` ` i need to ask you another thing , too .
` ` i sometimes receive the same thing in the mail .
` ` how could you think such a thing ? ''
the greatest thing i learned from marcus is that he was a person with needs , just like the rest of us .
it seems a strange thing to say , but i think i ' ve seen viciousness and cold - bloodedness from those who talk about marcus that rivals the viciousness of his crimes .
well it was the wrongest thing to say .
now the thing about cin 1 type 3 cervical dysplasia is really is the best kind to have .
elizabeth was relieved that she could at least tell her one thing that was true .
the same thing you always tell me : patience , patience , patience .
one more thing before i go .
sometimes it 's hard to get through this thick skull of mine , but one thing you can count on : i will endure .
i guess i ve got lots of thing that i m back here to find out .
gus in a somewhat corrective tone said , i have nt stopped thinking about it over the past week , but i have made a point to not use that word because there is no such thing .
one thing does nt make sense , said gus .
abduls death could only mean one thing and that was the minimum was finally affecting the rest of the world which meant toprak could proceed with their plans in haste .
the only thing i could , the truth .
however , the fact that he announced such a thing is very troubling to me .
one thing was certain in her mind and that was ted , jess and shay were not that reckless and she was certain they were all safe .
the truth was , she liked corinna and since she had no idea what she was about to walk into , corinna was the closest thing she had to a friend and she did nt want to be alone .
i am the closest thing gus has to any familybesides his father here in englandand we are much more to each other than a senator and assistant .
whether it died of those wounds or by matthews or leroys hand i do not know , but the channel is closed now which only means one thing .
the only thing that was actually known is that both sides appeared to have law enforcement officers opposing each other along with hundreds of civilians .
hank was thinking the very same thing , maybe so .
gus was taken abackhow could horsa have known such a thing .
south , was the only thing he said .
matt started to apologize to the woman when she stopped him , i m not crying over himi think ill be thanking you unless you want the same thing he did .
i do nt know what effect that green mixture had on my healing but i do know the thing that pulled me out of the jaws of hell was your blessing .
ted and gus began talking at once , saying the same thing but using different words as they arrived at the same conclusion and at the same time both said , we need some bat poop .
i want to sign this thing and go to bed .
` ` can i ask what sort of a thing ? ''
the second thing ? ''
` ` tell me one thing ... '' suddenly a black hood fell over my head and i felt a cord tightening around my neck .
the kind of thing i d read in books ?
bravest thing ...
` ` i ca nt say that was a very smart thing to say , '' elizabeth said in response .
that s the only thing we do know . ''
some might say that saying a thing and doing a thing are two very different actions , but i felt , in truth , that this was nt the case .
there s only one thing i do know for sure .
i understand one thing , mr . peters .
whatever happened in the future , in that moment one thing was clear to me .
whatever happened , i was sure of one thing .
i understand one thing and its very clear to me .
it had been one of the worst days of my life , but i was now certain of one thing .
i would hate to tell you the wrong thing and have you turn down the job .
do nt worry , i wo nt say a thing .
gary was the closest thing he had to a friend , but his access to information was jake 's key to getting what he wanted .
which leads me to one last thing before i send you back to alexandre .
i knew he was remembering the same thing i was trying so hard to forget .
one thing we are sure of is that she died very quickly .
it was a nice thing for him to say , but it sounded a little too sappy .
` ` he says the same thing about you . ''
` ` i hate to admit it , but i ' ve been thinking the same thing .
alex told me no such thing .
another thing you d have to ask the white house .
he was so nervous that the first thing he asked her was where the bathroom was located .
no matter how much jed told chelsea , the one thing he promised himself he was nt going to tell chelsea was that he and justin were the ones the people in red mountain were calling the night crawlers .
the one thing they were sure of , and that was they knew they loved each other and nothing could change that .
the one thing he knew for certain was that he was nt going to let the child protection agency come and get justin or joshua as long as he could take care of them and as long as he was alive .
jed moved closer to get a better look at him and said , i was about to ask you the same thing .
she was surprised , and the only thing she could say was , are you serious ?
still being annoyed by the mystery of this target left on my lap , i casually probed his own knowledge , i need to know one thing , captain nariz ?
i would guess he knew everything , each step to be taken , as the police chief and the director had repeated , but melendez had refused to tell me one damn thing during all this time .
but one thing that the old man said , was absolutely true .
that s the best thing you ve said all week .
maya , lets get one thing clear , shall we ?
there s no such thing as a fair fight , only a fight you win .
i thought the same thing when i saw her .
auckland international airport : a bright colorful and friendly place , and i could see through the windows that it was already warm and sunny outside first thing in the morning .
it was the first thing any of us had said in thirty minutes .
he was n't married himself , but grainger 's last sentence had n't seemed the sort of thing that a husband would be best advised to say in front of his wife .
one thing he was certain of though , his soul was n't pledged to proserpine again .
sure thing , irene .
van looked at adele to see if she heard the same thing he just heard .
he would give twins leeway that they might be able to think the same thing at the same time , even husbands and wives can do that , but that was not the same as communicating dissimilar thoughts telepathically .
adele , one thing you must know .
i m gon na go out front an tell janie the same thing .
hey , nother thing you be needin to know .
it proves one thing to me .
i 'll tell you the same thing i told the inspector , doctor said dryly .
i can promise you one thing , she does not work here !
it seemed such a strange thing to say , i literally had no reply .
that was the only thing left on the note i had nt used .
it was the easiest thing to remember and the only one that was poignant to me .
there is one thing you have to believe me on : i love you .
i wanted to tell you but there was so much i had to hide from you , this was just one more thing .
it was the biggest thing in my life to trust someone completely and i guess part of me did nt think it would work .
this experience has changed me completely but one thing will never change : i love you and we will figure the rest of it out .
yes , i had noticed the lack of green the first time i came here , but now , one of the many things the druid told me reappeared in my mind : have you asked yourself why all life is drained from everything around hugh hurlingthon , but not from hugh himself ?
actually , it would come in handy ; i d ask her a thing or two .
it was a silly thing to say , but sometimes when i do n't have time to think , foolishness comes out before i can stop it .
i met the sheriff 's steely glance with one of my own , but did n't say a blamed thing .
pa had said more than one queer thing when he was out of his head .
pa used to say the exact same thing . ''
i asked , mainly because i could n't think of another thing to say .
what kind of thing was that to say ?
it felt like i should say something , so i said the first thing that came into my head .
that was a mighty fine thing to say .
i do n't know why will would say such a thing . ''
` ` what an odd thing to say . ''
apparently herrold was still a little drunk ; otherwise he would ' ve never admitted such a thing .
turtle might take me at my word and try to avoid getting shot , but it was such an absurd thing to say that he would probably want an explanation to go along with it before he acted .
this was the last thing he expected from yves .
the only thing he was sure of was who took it and what it would supposedly cost to get it back .
not so much about the things they said , or the places they went , or even that passionate night , but how it felt just being with him .
but of course the first thing they ll throw in your face is a wheedling , yeah , but we need someone with expeeeeeeeeeerience to do the job !
of course the people voting for these morons will tell you the same thing - good luck convincing them to back an obscure upstart independent , even though that s clearly what this country needs , across the board .
its the first thing said by either since leaving the church a half hour earlier .
james starts laughing , i was just gon na say the same thing .
that s kind of a shitty thing to say , jennifer tells him , do nt you think ?
psssh , jennifer says , and she rests her chin in one fist , looks off to the side as she shakes her head , that s the most ridiculous and immature thing i ve ever heard .
oh my god , that is the coolest fucking thing i ve ever heard !
he has no doubt that many an important thing could be learned if only one knew where to look , but he does nt , and at any rate he believes that he would almost certainly have to ingratiate himself with the higher ups somehow to glean anything useful at all .
james does nt have to see them , he s aware that this collaborative clamor , a barking with purpose , almost like music , it can only mean one thing , that they are just a few rooms away and closing in .
i ve never used a single thing i learned in science class , ever , and i would bet that s true of 99 percent of the population .
it was the last thing i was expecting .
in the parking lot , ski had to say one more thing about nathans new relationship .
the texts said things like did you get the rose ?
his face told me he was hurting over the whole thing .
you son of a bitch , she shouted , and that was the nicest thing she called him .
for once in my life i could nt find a single smartass thing to say .
the only thing i could think as i jumped one of the guys who d grabbed tango was , please do nt let us die .
i know a thing or two .
okay , yeah , i d said the same thing , but that was totally different .
i figured out the whole gay thing before he did .
we know one thing at least , she declared .
i was so worried about tango and guilty because of my own stupidity i did nt have a thing to say .
hugs to candance , glenn and ramona for critiquing the entire thing .
having heard the whole thing , she was almost in tears herself at seeing the girls so upset .
ask her this ... ask her who 's better off for her having talked to you and you writing the whole thing down for the world to see ? ''
i was just wondering the same thing .
sandra looked at rapant without averting her stare , lets get one thing straight : i have nt returned here this evening to re - live she spat these words your satisfaction .
charles knew one thing for sure ; things were not looking good for him .
that s the only thing that makes any sense , but how can i help him if i do not know where he is ?
i learned one thing about greed ; it has a self destruct mechanism built in to it .
dave is the closest thing i call family now .
the only thing i can come up with is : the meteors somehow ricocheted off the old mill .
the only thing i can say to them is , thanks guys for holding on .
i ask him to promise me one more thing .
the only thing i can think of is , whew ! ! !
` ` i ca n't wait to marry you and live happily ever after but , tell me one thing .
sheila , these volunteers are getting really sick.ive only gotten in touch with about ten of them , but they are all telling me the same thing . ''
sure thing doc , '' she replied.donovan closed the door behind them and said , i would nt mind playing doctor with her , but the nurse would have my hide . ''
and ill tell you another thing , '' he continued , i have been working for this company a long time , and i will be watching my 401k grow into five digits regardless of the creative politics junior seems to like so well .
carol had a feeling that there was more going on than just brians illness , but it sounded like he had taken a big step in the right direction.brian , '' she said finally.that thing you said about this illness making you do interesting things .
the thing that makes no sense here , '' the newsman offered , is that the guy purposely missed the employees .
donovan returned to his seat and pretended to be deep in thought.the only thing i can tell you , '' he offered , is that terry sanders was a study volunteer in last stage research at dominex pharmaceuticals .
i said the same thing , the editor announced.but we were all so eager to get this story out.everyone turned to henry summers.he had been the editor for the paper for over twenty years.he had been accused in the past of being homeless , because he never left the building.henry was the atlanta journal constitution and took his paper and his job very seriously.what are the chances that we can beat this lawsuit ? ''
` ` brian did not think it wise to expand on the point of witness payoffs.anyway , if the paper does nt have at least one more person who was close enough to the study to give accurate details , they may have to retract the whole thing . ''
every time and i do mean every time we ran into each other that was the first thing out of his mouth : where s that story about the inquisition book ?
trouble was , i did n't know any such thing .
yeah , pretty dumb thing to say .
burkess grin was not a pretty thing .
he d been to a couple of the campus counselors when he was a student and they d both said the same thing : fear of rejection .
half a minute later another guy ran by and said the same thing .
that is the first thing that came into my mind , but they explained .
he hated to lie , but knew that it was the only thing that would get their attention .
i can not give you my name , but understand one thing mister , i can make your life and that of your company a whole lot more difficult within about two phone calls if you do nt tell me who .
same thing , no answer .
i 'll begrudgingly give new york one thing .
` ` you did n't put together the thing about the ip addresses , but you know about proxies ? ''
i ve been wondering the same thing .
he paused only briefly before spitting out the first thing that flitted through his brain , a tale from nearly 20 years past .
i could only think one thing : i had to reach my wife and child at all costs .
i found out these things : she was six and three quarters years old , her favorite color was green because it made her eyes look even prettier , her favorite food was brownies , she liked to dance , she had a pet frog that died a long time ago , she did nt have any siblings , she played soccer this past summer , she could play the piano , and she was still afraid of the dark unless she could sleep with her favorite teddy bear .
i wanted to say , its the only thing i ve said so far , but i did nt want to put myself into a corner .
the entire group took a collective step forward and i asked , what other thing ?
funny , i was thinking the same thing .
one thing was certain and i had to hold on to it like a life raft ; i did nt rape or beat any girl .
it was as if his english was too good and this whole thing had been rehearsed .
someone finally told me the one thing i knew in my heart ; my mother was murdered .
good , but i need one more thing from you .
the only thing people could tell me was the guy she went up there with had short messy hair and wore a leather jacket .
the first thing anyone would say about her is how cute she looks- in her photos she wears a smiling mask of innocence that makes you feel guilty for admiring her beauty .
a defeating thing for a former therapist to say .
yes , yes , i checked this morning i stammer quickly , hoping i ve said the right thing .
i can see lady ice is thinking the same thing , she wraps her arms around herself and looks round , searching for rabid dogs i expect .
whatever it was , i m still alive , that s the main thing .
oh yeah , that was the other thing i wanted to write down .
oh erm two years i say the first thing that comes into my head two years ?
he s going to give me some answers , well at least one , like , why was i killed , and he s going to pay for the pentagram thing .
maybe i said the wrong thing , because she looks like she s about to slap me .
this thing about john saying there was millions , i mean that s just not true , is it ?
there s no such thing as coincidence .
but were here ok , and that s the main thing .
i was about to ask you the same thing .
the most important thing to remember is , if you can run away from trouble , then run .
horrible words so frequently came out of her husbands mouth , its the only thing she expects out of men now .
besides , that 's a very hurtful thing to say . ''
` ` the only thing i ' m certain of is that she was not the person i thought she was .
that 's such a weird thing to say now that i think about it .
` ` i got in touch with three of sam 's classmates , and they all said the same thing .
ally said a strange thing earlier .
` ` the only thing that i can tell you is that he is innocent .
we both thought the same thing .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing , '' danny said .
` ` i heard pretty much the same thing . ''
as their eyes met , danny saw that both of them were thinking the same thing .
case in point , danny and shelby ... ` ` about the only thing i ' m sure of , '' danny said , ` ` is that nobody 's getting fired here .
` ` i ' ve been telling everybody around town that story , so i just told you the same thing .
but that 's no reason to believe every damn fool thing he says , caulder .
` ` let 's get one thing straight right now , '' the dea agent said .
randy come out just over ten pounds , but that next little thing did n't seem like she was half that big .
` ` we might ask you to do something else for us down the line , but i want to make one thing clear to both of you .
` ` the other thing that has n't been in the newspaper yet is the part about edwin .
` ` same thing , man , same ... '' ` ` no it ai n't , '' paul said as he leaned forward from his stool , nearly surprising jack into falling off his own stool .
what a silly thing to say , she responded .
i only heard one thing that made any sense to me .
is that a terrible thing to say ?
you do nt know the first thing about what i believe in , she scoffed .
the other networks are saying pretty much the same thing .
` ` what does the espionage thing say ? ''
we heard every mean , horrible thing you said about our sweet amber lynn .
` ` your father thinks the same thing about you and me that those boys thought . ''
who could have told her such a thing ?
i ' m sure it 's the same thing he says to me when i get on him .
but counter exemplified one thing : of all human emotions , pride , however absurdly we clung to it , would be the last to fall .
that last line sounded exactly like the kind of thing riley would blurt out after a few lonesome lunch time drinks in one back alley bar or another , content at least that the bill would remain the property of the victorian police force whether or not it wished to officially acknowledge its existence .
she offered to read my palm and it was the first thing she said that won me .
the one thing i ve learned in the military police is that any rank from major onwards is always a case of bad news .
i went over the whole thing again , bit by bit , piece by piece .
the one thing xavier prince did know for a certainty is that when officer rose dixon approached his cell with the keycard and he heard the bolt unlatch with an audible click , he knew he had heard that revolting sound for the very last time .
it was , in fact , the only thing he could remember when he woke up in the middle of a tomato garden behind a two story brick house .
` ` if there 's one thing you need to know about this town , '' she said , ` ` it 's that the police are the scariest ones here . ''
she just smiled , never said a thing .
he says , sure thing .
thinking fast , because he realized he was losing the fight , brian knew he could count on one thing : garys cockiness .
i would certainly need to know more about what had happened , even if really it was the last thing i wanted to hear .
` ` yeh , jim said the same thing , but how ? ''
do you remember saying those things to the tv cameras outside our house by the lilac tree ?
you saved my life , and i can never thank you enough for all your help , but i promise you one thing and i want you to remember it .
i had been wondering the same thing myself but we had been given no explanation of this move .
there s one thing i have n't told you .
there is one other thing i must tell you , i said .
shore thing , hawk .
i bet the fbis thinking the very same thing , buddy .
one last thing , number one , quincy said before he turned to depart .
as long as you understand one thing , she had forearmed him to his upswept tile this time .
the second thing got his heart pumping more blood .
its the first thing comes to mind .
i look at terry and i can see he is thinking the same thing as i am .
because i knew it d be the last thing you d expect tonight , my last night in the states .
not that he particularly enjoyed watching news , but it could only mean one thing : that he was nt in iraq anymore .
wendy said the same thing when she first walked in here .
its the first thing his voice had said since he d seen her .
i thought about the same thing , doc .
you might be amazed how saying the right thing can cure a lot of ills , even if it is well after the fact .
and if the spirit would allow her to prove such a thing shed fucking spit on him right now .
and what if thomas pepper produces evidence and tells our people a part or all of the three things that they want to know the most .
gilly was in tornado of panic , he opened the mouth to say a thing but the headmaster continued , as you are aware that your family has , in last week if am precise , had journey of leisure to kasane and on their way from that trip they had a ... a crash .
ok here i am , no dog in this place and this means only one thing gilly , easy going huh , he boosted to himself .
this is the last thing i will say to you , and then i ' m leaving this island .
i heard your light fantastic thing .
the same thing recurred when tom mentioned her possible promotion .
martha shrugged her shoulders , but olivia could nt help linking this to the last thing dci prentice said to her , an inference that there could be an alternative reason for the absence of any demand from the abductor .
albert said , that s the stupidest thing i have heard this year .
it irritated her that every day he said the same thing .
this could only mean one thing - betrayal by her business partner .
` ` sure thing , uncle roland .
no , i figured you could do that since its the most obvious thing ever .
that was the first true thing he had said to anybody all day .
christophe had wondered the same thing but was pleased to hear damion say it for him .
` ` that 's the stupidest thing you ' ve said yet !
` ` is it a sin to know a thing or two ? ''
he looked at toporvsky who undoubtedly wondered the same thing .
esther shot a questioning stare at the last thing her step - mom had said .
when the boy looked to his right and saw stacy , the first thing he said was , mom , where s dad ?
but i know one thing that is for certain : you are not a liar , xavier .
could we possibly be thinking the same thing , grace ?
i think that s the first thing that you ve ever said that i totally agree with .
the first thing he opened was the readme .
that was one thing she could be sure of .
a distant , far - away voice apologized which only meant one thing : despite having seniority and years of more experience and time with the agency , tyrone had never become so smug and content with himself to the point where he missed the occasion to feel stupid over his actions or what he said .
she might not know much about him , but she knew one thing for certain : danny zamir was a very dangerous man .
its all the same thing .
every now and then someone would ask her what she saw , and each time she would tell them the same thing : nothing new .
she made kate promise to keep in touch , and kate thought it was a sweet thing to say even if she did n't really mean it .
nobody would say a thing like that by chance .
joe said , one loaded meat thing , all the fixings , large .
there was only one thing that joe was sure of and it was that he could n't let devon get hurt .
joe did n't scream the next thing , but he thought it as loud as he could .
oh , one thing i can say , however .
i still could nt remember the first thing about him .
one thing i am sure of is this pizza fetish is not for my benefit .
rie went quiet , making it impossible for taro to know if he had said the right thing or not .
the one thing i ve learnt is that crooked operators get their throats cut .
the worst thing about it was that it happened so quickly ; suddenly , she just was nt there .
that s a good idea , but i want you to know one thing yes ?
what was that thing that you were going to tell me ?
until then , there s one thing i want to ask you , he said and look straight into my eyes , be careful .
the first thing i said when he answered was asking him if he already met the man from versailles and gave him the letter .
the worst thing about this was that she left the painting , which was all she had , and disappeared .
i ca nt stand to hear one more thing about that shooting or that poor young man .
let me see if i can remember the whole thing .
an apology was the last thing i expected to hear from him .
you take to heart every single thing your gram said to you .
what about the other thing he said ?
i did nt say anything because i can hardly remember a thing myself .
after explaining myself and asking a few questions , i was convinced of one thing : boris was far too stupid to steal a twenty thousand dollar icon .
that was an incredibly stupid thing to say to misha .
misha asked me questions as we traveled , about many things , but said only one thing i found illuminating .
finally , he nervously says , my head is telling me one thing , but my hearts telling me another .
the hospitals top pathologists performed the autopsy and said the cause of death is inconclusive ; the one thing they can agree on is that she did nt die of the cancer .
the most important thing you need to know is that your life in this mission is not worth a tigers life .
one of the men calls out , we may have to change the rule about no such thing as a stupid question , and the laughter continues .
they listen to the fire crackling , each one thinking the same thing : i hope we see a tiger tomorrow .
timothy thinks , the only thing stopping me is me .
timothy thinks , say the first thing that comes to your mind .
timothy looks at her , wondering if she heard the first thing he said , or if he can change course .
i just said the first thing that came to my mind .
he remembers that the last thing he said to thomas adams was , you re afraid .
such sad memories , echoed the kind - eyed lady , with a bitter - sweet look , the only thing shed say all journey .
i remember my girl was in tears dawn till dusk , inconsolable its a shocking thing when you see it the first time .
he only asked one last thing , jake , before i go out there , promise me .
i do nt know if any two of them are telling me the same thing .
rich played along with the whole thing , came out and greeted him , showed him into his office , and closed his door when they met .
rich said the same thing .
tell him when that guy wakes up from having the bullet holes patched , to get in his face and tell him the same thing .
what these three people do n't know is that bayside city is a place where if you do n't know what you 're doing or you say the wrong thing to the wrong person , you can get yourself killed .
ill say one thing for you you re not dull .
not the same thing , i mumbled .
i could ask you the same thing , she smiled , sipping her wine .
what a goofy thing to say nodding , i agreed .
i am not sure either and until i am i would prefer to make a few enquiries but i can tell you one thing .
that s a silly thing to say since the whole problem is that i ca nt leave .
after the loss of annie , losing roses respect was the hardest thing to bear .
but one thing i do nt understand .
really , this is the thing i wanted to tell you in the first place , but you have nt been completely open with me , so i held back .
georgina seemed to know for certain the one thing i had been trying for years to prove .
given her suicide attempt the night before it was a particularly stupid thing to say .
one thing i was going to ask , i said .
it seemed a strange thing to say to me , and i thought about it .
that was the other thing i remembered our instructor telling us .
all those who were talking spoke of the same thing .
two so far had the same thing .
the last thing anyone wants to do is die , but sometimes they just get the short end of the stick .
far from the first thing he wanted to hear in the morning .
but , there is one thing i can tell , this guy is a creature of severe habit .
but i only know one thing for sure .
if it were not you saying such an outrageous thing i would demand you leave this holy place at once .
sycko was nt very keen on the idea of standing near diana all day and repeating the same thing over and over again , not least because it gave him the feeling of being at work again , but jeremiah allowed him to smoke and sit so he agreed .
aristotle , nicomachean ethics marmaduke montmorency drummond , who preferred to be called cato , was the only child of the late mr . drummond who had so painfully passed away from hell , where to no one could say , the only thing that was sure was that it had to be a better place .
` ` yeah , i was just thinking the same thing . ''
` ` i guess so , '' she said , ` ` sandra said the same thing to me , '' she added .
` ` sure thing louie , '' he said and got up with some evident effort , taking the now empty cup with him on the silver platter .
` ` you bet , '' i said , not really knowing the first thing about it .
` ` i was going to ask you the same thing , '' i said ` ` plenty on the harrison case , there have been three more victims .
` ` one more thing first ? well actually two , '' i said ` ` right and they are ? ''
being a cop had taught me one thing - it 's not how bad you are that counts but how good your lawyer is .
` ` sure thing , henry . ''
on reflection , one thing was becoming clear to me , and probably to steve : the information from maria 's sister must contain something a lot more important than just a list of people on the take from some bunch of crooks operating from melbourne .
we were wondering the same thing .
he listened and answered questions for the next forty minutes until he felt like he was saying the same thing over and over again and his communication director ended the press conference .
he still was nt sure who he was and the only thing he could get out of ms . jackson was that he had mumbled something she could nt understand .
dever listened to the whole thing again .
it looks like he scanned his file , but the only thing he pulled up was his home address .
the most important thing is you guys are okay .
he could nt let anything happen to stephanie was the last thing he remembered as braymond began to pull the trigger , but instead of the bullet hitting him , braymonds head exploded from the impact of another shot fired behind him .
he had turned up a few more times after that , saying the same thing , but gradually he must have improved because he his visits were less regular .
one thing he had started to accept recently is that other people know what s real and what is nt better than he does .
no one would listen to a thing he said .
i know more than anyone the sort of thing christians been saying .
look , jerry , one thing i do know for sure is that i m not having any more of your little accidents , peter replied .
one thing was clear ; linda and hannah did not exist without the other .
there had been so many schools , but everyone said the same thing .
all the doctors say the same thing . ''
` ` and then there 's the thing you told me about that other person you defended , the person who should n't have gotten off . ''
` ` no , i have n't forgotten one damn thing . ''
she stood up and stepped toward the door but could n't leave without getting one more thing off her chest .
unsmiling and bleary - eyed , one thing was clear : hannah was stoned .
chapter 23 josie knew one thing : all problems could be solved .
` ` no , i mean the other thing .
but , there s one more thing we need to know .
i could ask you the same thing , could nt i ?
i had to say the right thing , or i d lose him forever .
and a pretty one at that , he said blandly as if it was an obvious thing to say .
now you know the germans must be thinking the same thing .
the only thing i ve learned so far is that childs is no longer with the regiment and has been transferred .
and she was told the same thing again , by these same people , after my father sent her a letter a year later to let her know that he was now going to accept a fellowship with the task of cataloguing insect diversity in the brazilian rainforests .
but this is the one thing academics do nt say of course we all thirst for immortality ; the recognition of generations , the gratitude of the nation , or even the gratitude of our parents .
it can only mean one thing : there is something about my fars death that somebody desperately wants to cover up .
i assumed one thing , and that was wrong : i thought that girls with a bad relationship to their alcoholic father do not bust a gut trying to piece together the final hours of his death .
that is the craziest thing that i ve ever heard !
look like you belong here , she told herself , just check the charts , take a look at the monitors , do n't understand a damn thing on those monitors , but what the hell .
someone with the police may have realized the same thing .
the police would n't tell him a thing , but the paper said that senator loughlin 's wife claimed that helen killed the senator . ''
but if there s one thing i learned in the army , in the shit with jerry bateman , he wanted to add but held off .
when alex had run out of words the only thing kanani said was : funny , is nt it , that were together ?
alex had said the same thing himself , at first .
he did nt mention that krieger had said this first thing , to make it perfectly clear .
i mean , maybe most of us are all just thinking the same thing .
that s the first thing i tell people .
tell me one thing where were those goddamn bunkers we were in ?
i m seeing one thing , one truth , so clearly that its undeniable , in the way that others have a religious experience , i guess .
i know one thing i can never run again , alex said .
it had upbeat posters on the walls that said things like ` ` shoot for your dreams '' and had pictures of flowers and butterflies and things .
it seemed as if it was just another thing to say , but rafael felt the weight .
you could always repay the favor to me by dropping a thing or two about how i m a good guy , you know , with the crew .
sals lidless eyes flicked toward garducci and his lipless mouth shrieked the most awful thing victor heard in his life , shoot me !
sometimes that s the one thing i am certain about .
but i can promise you one thing , there is one charlotte .
spitting out the one thing that he could think of , alex declared , i m a cop .
just once i d like people to just listen without questioning every little thing .
your future , that s a thing written in sand .
when i ask her why she does n't give daddy a piece of her mind , or why does n't she stop him from doing or saying mean things ; she says things like : ` ` now jessica , a wife knows her place .
my first thought was : what an odd thing to say to your daughter .
now if there 's one thing i ' ve learned about my daddy ?
you know what i mean , he says one thing and then does another .
i ' m not sure if the new details are memory or things my mind are making up simply because of how shocking the whole thing was .
could n't bring themselves to repeat such a horrible thing ?
` ` i 'll tell ya one thing right now jerry ?
all i could think was : what an awful thing to say to your best friend ; about your best friends daddy !
i thought that was a terrible thing to say to a child .
lidya , i do nt understand one thing .
that is one thing you can say about michigan .
jerrick , how can you say such a thing ?
` ` can i ask one thing , kate , '' she asked .
you tell doug one thing yet you act just as stubbornly yourself . ''
when they were leaving they said the strangest thing . ''
` ` i overheard reid saying almost the same thing to you the other night . ''
this amounts to the same thing in the eyes of the law . ''
they kept repeating the same thing over and over again .
we all looked to one another , feeling the same thing .
they just keep saying the same thing over and over again .
by the looks on the others faces as i turned around , they must have all realised the same thing .
this could only have meant one thing , that one of the intelligent infected was here .
first thing he 'll say is sorry for fucking - up again .
that s a hell of a thing for a cop to say .
even if we ca nt prove a thing , he d face too many questions he does nt have answers for .
the last thing she wrote was something about shooting their balls off , if they ever came back .
that s a rather unprofessional thing to say do nt you think ?
he tells me no such thing .
he told them one last thing before releasing them to their tasks .
` ` oh and there 's one other thing i forgot to tell you .
` ` that is the most preposterous thing i ' ve ever heard .
you see you 're forgetting one thing : i never said that you torched the ride ; i said you changed the computer program in order to allow the person who torched the ride to get away with it .
i only ask of you one thing : the fullest trust , a willingness to yield .
this was n't the kind of thing one habitually communicated to one 's computer .
` ` sarid , you remember the first thing you told me when you knocked on the door ? ''
` ` sarid , '' - dan assumed his angelic airs - ` ` when you have a series of sizable texts and then a pint - sized addendum , what 's the first thing that springs to mind ? ''
- i say the first thing that comes to mind .
we drew a few readers , but most people emailed us saying the same thing : i hate reading on the web .
shit , boy , that s the funniest damned thing you ever said .
the closest thing she ever had to a family was when she found morgan .
` ` sure thing , '' madison said shyly as he came back to the doorway .
` ` he said the same thing . ''
` ` funny , '' she smirked and traced the bag under his good eye with her thumb , ` ` i was about to say the same thing . ''
he had said the same thing each time he saw her since they got back on the faran in new orleans .
he d learned one thing , everything else could be off the cuff make - believe .
he had nt really given me the three days , though , it was just another thing he d said , just another form of control .
really , i d not even seen this girl s face , the remark that had caused all of the teasing had been an offhand thing to say , months ago , a way to break an awkward moments silence one night , smoking pot , watching some lousy movie with my brother .
he asked me what it was , so i repeated the whole thing about the card going missing , this time getting a dull nod and him wondering how much it was for .
i opened it , tapping to see any recent text message activity , braced for something , but the latest thing was incoming was from bertram , two days ago , the latest thing outgoing was to bertram , earlier that day , the words maybe .
* * * i could wait for the knock from housekeepingthe knock , the first knock , the one i knew would come , that i d answer through the door with not quite done or still here or some such thing .
but actually , i could nt come up with one particular thing to say .
i frowned , not really because i was still thinking about it , but because it was another thing i felt i should have a way to verify , but did nt .
i could ve mocked up an innocence , been astonished at the implicit tick that something might be in this apartment , but the whole thing was probably only half true , was bait to squirm me further out .
but that would be the most suspicious thing in the world to say .
when he d first approached me , all of his insistence about not wanting to repeat things , all of his reinforcing the rules of me getting him cigarettes , that was no longer the thing , he did nt need to be strict with me , i d gotten further than whoever had come beforethey were dead someplace , there was no other way to imagine that outcome , they were dead someplace and i was them , now , whatever the role was , i was it .
there was nt any moon i could make out , but with my hands down in my pockets i craned my head around , searching the same spots of sky for it again and again , thinking stupid things , thoughtless poetics , how it was so weird that looking at the sky was seeing an area so vast it should stagger the imagination , but that the mind reduced that space to a single object , the sky , the space between that spot of trees in the distance and that , the distance between facing this way and seeing some wall and turning around and seeing a house vaguely off in the dark .
that s one thing i have to change .
if he found the stone that meant one thing : the gadianton brotherhood .
each one said the same thing , like robots .
i do nt know if i believe in aliens anymore and the one thing that i used to believe in to feel close to my dead wife is a lie .
i wanted to ask you the same thing , actually .
it was well , i suppose it was the last thing you said to me before you died .
you say i was kidnapped by tgn , and then found outside their headquarters with these papers in my hand , insisting that my true identity is that of a man i ve only just met and the biography on here fits his life exactly i think maybe it had something to do with the first thing on there about about quantum brain dynamics , kathy interjected .
too long a hesitation would be a dead giveaway for a lie , so she chose to say the first thing in her head : accounts , she said quickly .
the first thing he could be certain of was that he existed because he was thinking ; that when you are thinking , it is certain that you exist in the moment , in that place .
one last thing , something i trust only to my first , and a few others i know well .
i know , but lets get one thing straight .
ill have to read this whole thing when i get the chance , my grandfather was very secretive .
they intently stared at one another , both wanting to say the same thing and ask the man across from them the questions screaming to come out .
she was nt going to be able to talk herself out of this and if she opened her mouth , she might just say the wrong thing .
same as her neighbours , they all say the same thing .
the man did not seem to recognise the distinction , oh well , near as damn it the same thing .
same thing they tell you if you ask for a new exhaust mounting , even if you only want a fresh set of spark plugs .
mike smiled , sure thing danny , anytime , then as danny picked up his burger , taking a big messy bite , looking sternly at donna , i see you have found a new friend .
easy , my friend , i tell you the whole thing , but i have no matches to smoke with .
sure thing , joe joe .
in naquis mind , there was no such thing .
it was the only thing agreed upon as factual .
pretty much , except i guess there was some obscure law back then that a child had to be five - years - old to ride the train without supervision , because the only thing she remembered her mother telling her when she put her on that train was that she was four years old , but if anyone on the train asks , to tell them she is five .
can you just tell me one thing and i promise ill shut up ?
the only thing billy was sure of was that there was a lot more to the story of the abandoned girl .
there s such a thing ?
more than a century - and - a - half later , naqui wondered the same thing .
the defiant words , i just wan na tell him one more thing , rocketed billy from his trance .
your mother used to always say the same thing when shed come over .
whoa , was the last thing billy heard her say .
i ca nt believe you would say such a thing .
billy wondered if shed been holding in a feeling of guilt this whole trip , or maybe it was just the last thing that flew into her mind and would just as quickly evaporate .
i tell you sash , mum could teach jordan a thing or two about all publicity being good publicity .
next friday would be the nearest thing to a date shed ever been on , and she could nt wait .
sasha and phillipa remained silent , both obviously thinking the same thing .
the majority of the women in the home had thought the same thing , and all that had happened was that their husbands had become more violent - somehow convinced that if he did nt control her with his fists , shed take his child away from him .
she was upset because darius had as good as told her she was too ugly to appear on any of her book covers , and that s a horrible thing for a twenty year old girl to hear .
there was also one from melanie , saying pretty much the same thing ; complaining because sasha had referred to her as a blonde bimbo .
devastated , patty had sought second , third and fourth opinions and all had said the same thing .
i know that s a terrible thing to say , but she s so selfish .
how long have we been telling you the same thing bill ?
this was the last thing he jotted on the page before lights out but as he lay in bed he thought about all he d found .
last thing he says to us is , no press .
i m listening to this thing on art .
sure thing , pops .
its almost the same thing , i thought .
i m just saying in my condition , i latched on to their confession thing .
am i gon na have to listen to her thing before we get to mine ?
promise me one thing , sampson .
have you ever heard such a thing ?
` ` you have to understand one thing .
` ` stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
it turned into an all - out war after that , during which time i was told nothing - not a damn thing .
` ` one thing is for sure : my parents knew how to turn the screws on one another .
` ` arrica , i need to know one other thing . ''
` ` is n't that the same thing said backwards ?
` ` lucas , just tell me one thing : is the goal to take down talbot ? ''
i will tell you one thing : i am deeply concerned for the direction of your management .
i can tell you one thing - this company is already bleeding as badly as talbot , but so far we ' ve managed to keep finance high enough to feel no pain . ''
the first thing lucas said made their conversation a rude interaction .
is that the kind of thing you re talking about ?
sheriff brooks called me back the next day and said about the same thing you just told me .
chuck raised a hand and ticked off a finger for each thing .
he can answer all your questions better than i. jacobs shook his head why would you make him stop what he s doing just to tell me the same thing you just did ?
brooks pointed an ugly finger at chuck , i m only telling you one thing , veal .
that only means one thing .
well , right now i only know one thing for sure .
you do nt have to say a thing if you do nt feel up to it , mr . veal .
hell tell you the same thing .
i have been thinking the same thing too .
jacobs shrugged , i was just thinking the same thing .
chuck paused , and asked matt , one more thing .
tell me one thing , sam continued as she sat down .
one thing he d learned at quantico was that there were potential turncoats in the bureau , and if you did nt play your cards right you could end up kissing the pavement with a slug implanted in the skull .
` ` same thing you 'd be thinkin ' . ''
there 's no such thing as a maximum bond .
it was the weirdest thing i ever heard , like he was some kinda madman or something .
in the split second available , jake could not think of a single thing he could ask bass to improve the situation .
the crying could mean only one thing .
you have so many ... '' it was the wrong thing to say , of course .
what a funny thing to say . ''
` ` in that case , you better get one thing straight .
` ` another thing you should know : nothing 's going to happen quickly .
he said the same thing the following year , and the year after that .
mitch thought the same thing everyone thought when they met michael .
` ` there is , however , one more thing you need to know before we leave this flat . ''
langdon was wondering the same thing .
` ` director , science claims the same thing as religion , that the big bang created everything in the universe with an opposite . ''
leonardo da vinci airport could only mean one thing .
in the end , though , we are all proclaiming the same thing .
i ask only one thing .
vittoria was silent , but langdon knew they were thinking the same thing .
` ` calvin said the same thing . ''
therefore the twenty - six thing and the twenty - seven thing must mean something .
therefore the twenty - six thing and the twenty - seven thing must mean something .
` ` we ' ve heard that kind of thing before .
` ` they said the same thing about the m16 rifle .
we thought - ' graves said , ` there 's only one thing i want to know .
` i will tell you one thing , ' he said .
each had told silas the exact same thing - that the keystone was ingeniously hidden at a precise location inside one of paris 's ancient churches - the eglise de saint - sulpice .
he 'd been wondering the same thing ever since he first saw the polaroid .
he ventured , offering the first thing that came to mind .
langdon sensed the same thing .
he paused , curious if she had any idea how much he had been wondering the same thing .
` ` a lot of navy seals say the same thing , and i ' ve cleaned plenty of seal puke out of my cockpit . ''
the first thing to pop in her mind both shocked and shamed her .
i 'll deny the whole thing . ''
` ` if there is one thing i ' ve learned as president , '' herney declared , ` ` it 's that those who control the dollars control the direction .
` ` gabs , you know this thing you were saying about sexton 's campaign finance and the sff ? ''
` ` over the years , i ' ve learned one thing over and over ... ` ` he put a hand on her shoulder and smiled .
` ` civilized is not the same thing as friendly , right ? ''
five thousand classic pages , all saying the same thing : do n't do what they expect you to do .
it was the same thing as saying : i could n't make him do it , sir .
` ` same thing , '' reacher said .
' if you like working for me , ' she repeats back , then rolls her eyes like it was the silliest thing she 'd ever heard - how could anybody not like working for the great vera donovan ?
well , maybe she was crazy and maybe she was n't , but i can tell you one thing - if you remembered , she did n't give you the heat .
that was one thing you did n't ever want to get wrong .
when it was done , i looked at her and she looked at me and neither one of us had to say a thing .
now let 's get one thing straight - i ai n't tryin to say i ended up spendin the best years of my life with that old rumpot just because i liked the look of his forehead in period seven study - hall when the light came slantin in on it .
the rest of it was all the usual stupid reasons , and one thing i ' ve learned in my life is that stupid reasons make stupid marriages .
so when he went for a job one of the summer people needed done , the first thing he 'd tell em was that he was a recoverin alcoholic .
that 's one thing i found out that night .
sometimes anything a woman says to a man is bound to be the wrong thing .
tell you one thing , though : when selena finally left home , she was a better cook on her worst day than i ever was on my best ..
' and i 'll tell you another thing , dear heart - you ai n't steppin foot back on dry land until you ' ve come clean with me .
i want you to tell me the whole thing , all the way through .
for a little while the only thing i could think of was ' has he fucked you ? '
but i 'll tell you the first thing she said .
i 'd been thinkin that very thing myself , and not so long before , but that was n't hardly the time to tell him so .
' really , i could n't say , but i ' m sure that if there 's a misunderstanding , mr pease will straighten it right out , ' she says , but she would n't look me in the eye and i could tell she did n't think any such thing .
' just tell me one thing and i 'll get out of your hair : is the money spent ? '
my mind was in a whirl , and the only thing i was completely sure of was that a piece of pie from the jonesport bakery sounded like just the thing .
but i 'll tell you one thing , dolores : bawling your eyes out with your apron over your head wo n't save your daughter 's maidenhead if that smelly old goat really means to take it , or your children 's money if he really means to spend it .
i turned around with the idear in my head that she was gon na tell me that same thing all over again .
' that 's a pretty mean thing to say to someone who just bought you a bottle of premium scotch , ' i said .
i was pretty sure he would , and i was scared , but i wanted it , too - it 'd make him believe the last thing i had to say that much more when i finally said it .
one thing i found out on the day of the eclipse : if you live on an island and you try to kill someone , you better do a good job .
the last thing i remember thinkin was ' i 'll be all right now , ' but i was n't .
i ' m tellin you that as his wife of sixteen years , and you 'll find plenty of people who 'll tell you the same thing . '
i felt stupid sayin a thing like that with her layin there like she was , but what the hell else was there to say ?
she told me all sorts of things with her mouth over the years , about where they went to school , what they were doin , who they were seem ( donald got married n had two kids , accordin to vera ; helga got married n divorced ) , but i realized that ever since the summer of 1962 , her eyes 'd been tellin me just one thing , over n over again : they were dead .
she told me all sorts of things with her mouth over the years , about where they went to school , what they were doin , who they were seem ( donald got married n had two kids , accordin to vera ; helga got married n divorced ) , but i realized that ever since the summer of 1962 , her eyes 'd been tellin me just one thing , over n over again : they were dead .
i remember what went through my mind as i got up n turned back to them rickety stairs - the same thing that went through it when joe snaked his arm outta the well n almost pulled me in with him : i have digged a pit for mine enemies , and am fallen into it myself .
it was a dumb thing to say , because to have no specific destination usually makes things worse .
it was a useless thing to say .
after five minutes , a hundred vehicles , the nearest thing he 'd gotten to a response was some trucker blasting his air horn , a huge bass sound roaring past him with a whine of stressed tires and a hurricane of dust and grit .
and i ' m very sorry for the thing about the sex .
it was a crass thing to say . ''
some smell thing .
but she puts on a big thing about how we exclude her .
` ` this is the last thing , i promise . ''
` ` first thing out of a gun barrel is an explosion of hot gas .
` ` she told me the same thing , '' alice said .
she just listened , because it was a one - sided message , long and complex but basically clear and concise and unambiguous , and the whole thing was repeated twice .
` ` one thing patti told me , '' brewer said .
` ` almost the first thing you ever said in this room was that these guys of mine could start a war against them , but first we had to find them .
she would n't have responded to the kind of thing that knight had to offer .
the soviet super said the same thing .
` ` and the tongue thing is culturally unrelated to africa . ''
` ` exactly the same thing , '' reacher said .
` ` all we need to do is add two words and the whole thing makes perfect sense . ''
the obvious thing and the only thing .
family is the first thing anyone thinks of .
first thing taylor said was , ` ` let 's light the fire again .
deveraux had ordered the same thing i had eaten , the fat cheeseburger and the squirrel 's nest of fries .
then she turned to me and i ordered the same thing , with coffee .
` ` is n't it basically the same as the first thing ? ''
for one thing , she was wearing four - inch heels , and for another thing , no one walks anywhere anymore .
then i said , ` ` that was n't my second thing . ''
that 's not quite the same thing . ''
it was a hard thing for me to articulate , even to myself .
34 the first thing i said was , ` ` long lunch . ''
i had had the same thing for lunch .
` ` and the fiancee thing was a joke ? ''
` ` i could have done without either thing . ''
that was the first thing the kid ever said to me .
` ` what was the first thing you said to me when i came in here today ? ''
a big ugly thing .
i read the whole thing one more time , front to back , and then i butted all the pages neatly together and closed the jacket on them , and garber came back into the room .
69 the first thing garber said was , ` ` we just heard from the pentagon .
no one had a bad thing to say about the guy , but no one had a good thing to say either .
no one had a bad thing to say about the guy , but no one had a good thing to say either .
literally the last thing he wanted to hear , not the first .
reacher gave up on reading his menu and ordered the same thing , but with coffee , regular , black .
so there 's no such thing as five - on - one .
` ` they 'll be thinking the same thing . ''
three : spring 's awakening it takes a long time to write these things , but only minutes to remember them , and when i came out of my daydream in the motel armchair , woko was still playing ` ` music to kiss by , '' and it was someone who may have been don shirley improvising through ` ` ai n't she sweet . ''
nice thing for my parents to read in the paper tomorrow .
` ` say who i was ... . '' why did he have to say such a thing , put the idea into the mind of god , of fate , of whoever was controlling tonight ?
then he sleepily said some sweet things and kissed me once and his body slithered away and lay still and i stayed on my back and gazed up into the red darkness and listened to his breathing .
how could you ever say such a thing ! '
' how can you say such a thing ! '
that could mean only one thing , under modern methods , total confession !
' that 's the first thing , and i just wanted to say that i 'll look after you , tracy .
told me an interesting thing , about whisky .
but do n't forget one thing , mister whoosis .
then he lay on his bed and smiled to himself over some of the things she had said , and thought of her lying in her bath looking at the forest of bath - taps and thinking how crazy the english were .
back at the hospital , the chief superintendent , who had never recognized her existence before , had sent for her and had said the same thing .
' there 's only one thing i want to know , ' said bond flatly .
the director had said the same thing .
it would be considered very bad manners to say such a thing in russia . '
and the difference , the thing that had gone out of the stinking mexican bandit , was greater than all mexico .
one thing i can tell you for sure .
i got close enough to hear him say the same thing to two different guys .
` ` but that whole thing about the capitol cornerstone being laid while caput draconis was in virgo -- who cares ?
` ` same thing , '' someone muttered .
` ` meaning ... if enough people begin thinking the same thing , then the gravitational force of that thought becomes tangible ... and it exerts actual force . ''
` ` i ' m sure peter said no such thing .
langdon exhaled , fighting the impulse to tell sato the same thing he constantly told his students : ` ` google '' is not a synonym for ` ` research . ''
now he was standing in the u.s . capitol , feeling certain of only one thing .
mr . bellamy just told me the same thing , urging me to hide the pyramid and not let anyone open the package . ''
history is replete with great minds who have all proclaimed the same thing ... great minds who have all insisted that man possesses mystical abilities of which he is unaware . ''
` ` yes , peter told me the same thing . ''
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned from peter , it 's this : science and mysticism are very closely related , distinguishable only by their approaches .
for a moment , langdon had wondered the same thing .
` ` i heard the whole thing .
` ` timing aside , '' solomon said , ` ` i find it wondrous to note that throughout history , all of mankind 's disparate philosophies have all concurred on one thing -- that a great enlightenment is coming .
the ancient mysteries and the bible are the same thing . ''
` ` and the gospel of john says the exact same thing .
one thing i learned a long time ago is that it 's easy enough to shoot a man .
so if powell was on the ball he would understand the whole thing to mean check these guys out on the quiet and give me the skinny .
because the first thing beck asked me this morning was chapter and verse about the uzis .
` ` same thing , '' i said .
and to the thing duffy had said to me : you have n't found anything useful .
said one last thing and turned around and walked away .
the best thing i found was a copy of the keast and maden order .
and the one thing that kept going around and around in my mind - i was still partly asleep , i guess , and the whole conversation had seemed like a dream , maybe a continuation of the creaking monster in the alley - was that when i was smaller , i used to get into my mom 's bed after dad had put on his uniform and gone off to work in portland , i used to sleep beside her for an hour before breakfast .
` ` so let me tell you one thing .
joe mckennedy , who had suffered through four years and one broken nose at left tackle , told me that the only thing ted would say when the agonized coach demanded an explanation was that football seemed to be a pretty stupid game , and he ( ted ) thought that he could find a better way to spend his time .
and if you find yourself someday lying on that great analyst 's couch where so many have lain before you , i 'd ask you to remember one thing : when you get sanity by stud , the child always looks like the father .
we told mom the same thing .
i ' m not saying a darn thing .
but i 'll tell you one thing .
these people , i tell you one thing .
i knew that she would continue saying the same thing , over and over , until i lost my mind , or opened my eyes .
and sanders said the same thing : the day of photographic evidence is over .
langdon had been wondering the same thing .
` ` ` ` yes , but before that ... before we got out the recorder , in the first moments after you arrived , you said one other thing i remember .
` ` the last thing ignazio said to me was : ' the gates are open to you , but you must hurry . '
there was a long silence , and langdon sensed they were all thinking the same thing .
what a terrible thing to say .
sinskey had been thinking the same thing but had n't wanted to say it in front of langdon and mirsat .
` ` what would ever make you claim such a thing ? ''
soon as the words were out , he knew it was a dumb thing to say .
blake and harper looked at him like it was an odd thing to say .
nobody said a thing , which was the same as a yes .
only definitive thing was hidden in a buried file , closed - access .
says he 's a solid guy , clear , articulate , ready to swear the whole damn thing on a stack of bibles . ''
` ` you just said the wrong thing . ''
he knew one thing : he could not let that little tramp marry toby temple .
i felt that our love was the only thing strong enough to heal toby .
it was exactly the wrong thing to say .
` ` i heard the same thing .
when gabe woke up in the prison infirmary , the first thing he thought was : christ alive , my stomach is on fire .
one thing you could say for lexi templeton .
` ` the same thing you ' ve been saying , but in their voice .
indian english and american english were not the same thing .
max said the same thing .
lexi , who 'd been thinking the same thing , nodded glumly .
if tara 's murder had taught him one thing , it was that love and life were too precious to be wasted pushing paper around an office .
` ` sure thing , ma'am .
` ` that 's the nicest thing anyone has ever said about him .
the only so - called -proof of her identity that she offered were some incidents from our childhood that at least a dozen former employees could have been aware of and an old photograph that really does n't prove a thing .
i told her the same thing .
you want to know thing , judge ?
she wondered what she was going to do with the rest of her life , and each time it came back to the same thing : all she wanted to do , the one thing she really cared about , was to practice law .
they were both thinking the same thing .
` ` i ask each of you to remember one thing : under the law of this state , the prosecution must prove beyond any reasonable doubt that the act of killing was not committed in self - defense .
the last thing in the world she should have said .
` ` that do n't mean a damn thing !
there was only one thing adam could have to tell her : he was never going to see her again .
` ` she said the same thing about you . ''
just remember one thing - he 's going to outlive both of us ! ''
this was the most difficult thing kelly had ever had to say .
there was one final thing to say , after all .
i 'll tell you one thing , i ai n't never comin ' back to this joint .
i think the main thing i learned was that that war was the biggest con of all .
henri rendell had said one thing that made sense : there was , indeed , a simple way to ascertain its authenticity .
he was sure of only one thing , and he repeated it over and over until it became a litany : ` ` you 're going to get well . ''
the only thing the nurses were sure of was that ken mallory was , without doubt , the best - looking man they had ever seen .
i swore i could never live through such a thing again .
` ` i wo n't promise a damn thing , but i 'll see her .
well , i ' m going to bring some prominent doctors here who will tell you , under oath , that there is no such thing !
the officer looked into ley pastemak 's eyes and said , ` ` the most important thing for you to understand is that marin groza does not want to return to remania to seek vengeance .
a priest and two nuns , colonel jenkins , and the truck driver , every single one of them says- exactly the same thing : car ran the stop sign , turned onto the highway , and was hit by the army truck . ''
` ` mister , have you ever seen an accident report where even two eyewitnesses said the same thing ? ''
the most meaningful thing rogers said to her was : ` ` you know , glace bay has a big housing shortage .
it was the same thing sean macallister had asked her in glace bay .
they ordered a rijsttafel dinner , and philip said , ` ` we try to make each recital perfect , but there 's no such thing as a completely successful one because we 're dealing with music that is always better than we are .
it was the wrong thing to say to kate .
he could not think of a single thing to say .
if a thing like this ever got out , it would ruin him .
` ` there 's no such thing as normal .
there was one more thing i had to tell them .
i do n't have much in the way of philosophy , either , but i know one thing : in this world , you have to pay as you go .
( pause ) tell you one thing , his kid makes a hell of a good monkey .
he and hatch heard the damned thing .
his wife , sandra ( a plain little thing ) , is there , and she grabs ineffectually at his shoulder , probably wanting some comfort .
but jack can promise her no such thing .
cal first thing i asked myself .
henry bright you want to know the worst thing i can think of , michael ?
` ` and she wo n't listen to a thing anybody says . ''
i tell him same thing . ''
` ` i was thinking the same thing before you arrived . ''
` ` knoll said the same thing , '' rachel said .
rachel seemed to sense their quandary , too , and she looked at him , fear filling her eyes , surely thinking the same thing he was .
he took it as a cheap shot , and was soon hit with another on page 2 of business , where an analyst of some variety held forth on krane 's other legal problems , to wit , hundreds of potential lawsuits claiming pretty much the same thing jeannette baker had claimed .
everybody circled around me and said sweet things .
the last thing justice fisk read late friday afternoon was mcel - wayne 's dissent in the case of jeannette baker v. krane chemical corporation .
there coach kyle said all the right things - nice effort , good hustle , our game is improving in certain areas , let 's finish on a high note this saturday .
all eight associates stared at their monitors , all thinking the same thing - there are four million documents in there , and someone has to examine them .
say the first thing that comes to mind . '
one thing was clear to him .
that 's when you said the strangest thing of all .
no matter what he came up with , the one thing i need to know would n't be there .
looking at the seedily elegant banker , jason realized it was the most unstartling thing he had said .
i 'll tell him the same thing i told peter . '
there 's no such thing . '
' he came over to me when i was leaving and said a very strange thing . '
' an hour ago in paris it was the only thing you wanted to hear .
what 's the first thing that comes to your mind ?
' i trapped you by pretending one thing , you can trap me by pretending another .
' i have no reason to leave paris - nor the money to do so -but to say such a thing to me is unbelievable .
i have to ; it 's the only thing that makes sense . '
it was the only thing he was absolutely sure of ; he would do the same .
we have four republicans and three democrats all saying the same thing .
` ` i do n't owe you a damned thing ! ''
all three were thinking the same thing now .
` ` there 's one thing you should know ; '' beech said .
for an insecure sixteen - year - old who 'd just lost his father , adam took the whole thing rather well .
` ` yeah , i told roxburgh that i just could n't believe he would think such a thing about our governor .
she was not here when i woke up yesterday morning , and this is the first thing i ' ve heard .
an eager - beaver law student at tulane wrote this damned thing , and it somehow made its way to voyles , who read it and decided it had merit .
he 's caught a few strange looks , and he 's heard a thing or two . ''
darby smiled like this was the funniest thing she 'd heard in years .
she was tired of running and being chased ; tired of playing reporter with gray ; tired of wondering who did what and why ; tired of the guilt for writing the damned thing ; tired of buying a new toothbrush every three days .
` ` tell me one thing , '' pam said , eyes fixed on the floor , her face stiff as marble .
` ` one thing is clear .
she recalled how malone had told her the same thing not long ago in france , but she 'd handled herself well enough .
` ` he appeared at my home , standing in the dark , saying the same thing that the first man said in 1948 . ''
` ` henrik thinks the same thing .
you do realize that i did n't have to say a word and you would have never known a thing ?
` ` now , why would you say such a thing ?
` ` now , that 's the first thing you ' ve said that makes sense . ''
thorvaldsen appreciated the question , as he 'd been thinking the same thing .
how many times had cai asked him the same thing ?
he was already thinking the same thing .
i heard the whole thing . ''
being the consummate politician that you are , i ' m sure you will choose your words real careful because if i hear one thing i do n't like , then i ' m going to tell the truth .
the first thing he told us was that we were a bunch of losers , that losing is contagious , that if we thought we could lose with him then we could hit the door .
` ` i have one thing to say , sir , '' ron began loudly .
she became hysterical in the backseat of dennis 's car because he would not stop and let her out , and the worst thing ron did during the episode was to tell her to shut up .
he would have said the same thing .
` ` actually , i was thinking the same thing , dr .
` ` it 's the only thing that makes sense , '' she said heatedly .
caston had been dogged about trying to get those parrish island personnel files , and when adrian asked how he could hope to succeed where caston had failed , he said that thing about charm .
i gather he intimated things about how it would be a ' special favor ' to the dci and the secretary of state , that sort of thing .
` ` i did n't come here to ask such a thing of you , sir , '' said latham .
` ` that 's the nicest thing you ' ve said . ''
` ` considering your penchant for reticence , that 's an odd thing to say . ''
` ` do you really think deep - cover agency personnel will tell you a goddamned thing ?
` ` the other night , that driver told me the same thing , practically word for word . ''
` ` i said the very same thing to myself only moments before your call .
i suppose i thought something like , ` ` oh , he has a friend in one of the offices and is arranging a lunch or a dinner , '' or some such thing . ''
` ` that 's the nicest thing you ' ve said in quite a while . ''
i have n't had much practice , not in a genuine way - i guess that 's a dumb thing to say . ''
` ` that 's an odd thing to say . ''
i ask only one thing , drew .
to a man and one woman , they pretty much said the same thing .
` ` that 's the coldest , most insensitive thing i ' ve ever heard you say , colonel !
` ` we wait - that 's another thing you told me - waiting 's the hardest part . ''
at first we thought it was moreau ; he was on a list that made us afraid to work with him ; hell , i could n't tell him a damn thing .
you really did n't expect to be named director of the it was the only honest thing you said because you knew there were better men in other intelligence agencies .
` ` the only thing you say is valsweh , '' cons - op . ''
according to the combined agreements among the four nations , the government press releases would essentially say the same thing , as exemplified by the paris edition of the herald tribune .
it was aneasy thing to say , not at all easy to do .
what does n't say a damn thing , and you knowit , '' said the actor .
we need shelter , expensive but not showy , especially not a place wherethe well - heeled tourists go who do n't speak german.if there 's one thing they 'll spread about me , it 's thati ca n't talk my way through the five boroughs of newyork .
i said the same thing to avery .
he said a strange thing , somethingquite profound in its way .
he would say the same thing to hickman .
with everything you know about washington you simply accepted their word ? how many fumes did joel come back from a trip towashington and say the same thing to me ?
if it was anotherreporter , she would say the same thing she had saidto the last five .
do n't youthink other people believe the same thing ?
ionly know chris - crafts and bertrams , which is asilly fucking thing to say . ''
i said the same thing tolarry they say you were here , you were there , youdid this and you did that , but you were n't where theysaid you were and you did n't do what they say ! you 're the lawyer , converse .
theyall came back to me , each telling me essentially thesame thing but in different language , differentviewpoints depending on their priorities that 's theway it works with these people .
` ` i asked converse the same thing , and he gaveme a strange answer .
of course i have no intention of sayinga thing , i swear on my mother 's grave ! ''
` ` it may sound banal , but it 's the only thing ican think of to say . ''
` ` there 's one thing i am prepared to say , colonel .
` ` i 'd like to know the same thing , colonel .
one thing i am certain of .
` ` do n't say one more thing against tim . ''
which could mean only one thing : dujja was more extraordinary than anyone at typhon realized .
` ` one thing 's for sure , '' kim said .
` ` what was the first thing he said ? ''
` ` one thing i learned in the field , anyone can be broken . ''
his eyes were rolling up , yet still he fought to say this one last thing .
no one else would even think of such a thing , let alone dare to say it .
the first thing she would tell bourne was that lerner had been dispatched from d.c . to find him .
that was the last thing she ever said , and she never got to hear his reply , if he 'd ever meant to give one , because the dci had his gun out , and shot her three times in the head .
` ` in the desert , there is no such thing as the truth .
` ` then i want you to call ci , tell them the same thing .
' i 'll tell you one thing : you 're not going to get the goya .
' that 's just it , we do n't know what , but i 'll tell you one thing : unless we find out and stop them i ' m afraid that we 'll all live to regret it . '
' a chivalrous thing to say , but not quite true . '
' before we go inside , i must make one thing clear .
' i thought the same thing the first time i read israel zangwill 's the big bow mystery . '
had bourne wondered the same thing , or had he already known ?
even if alex had never spoken to me about you , i would say the same thing . ''
` ` what would make you say such an absurd thing ? ''
it was more or less the last thing he 'd said before spalko and zina had dropped his near - lifeless body down into the labyrinth .
` ` noah often said more or less the same thing . ''
` ` but of one thing i ' m quite certain .
` ` i mean there was one thing , but , well , it 's kind of ridiculous . ''
` ` the first thing i can tell you is that there is no such thing as a composite language - cuneiform and letters just do n't mix .
` ` one thing i have to say about our government , '' he said , ` ` it trains its employees to follow orders to the letter . ''
` ` frankly , mr . stone , i told him the same thing . ''
` ` the thing she would n't say , even to me , was that she did n't really like noah , or at least she did n't trust him . ''
what would have led her to say such a thing ?
` ` did n't say a fucking thing , not even when he handed me the money .
` ` no expert exists who could verify such a thing . ''
he would n't have told you a goddamn thing . ''
` ` the same thing you want from me , '' he said .
and he had answered : ` ` the same thing you want from me .
` ` one thing i can tell you , '' bourne said , ` ` these people are professionals . ''
perhaps that was n't the correct thing to say .
arkadin realized that this was the truest thing he 'd ever said .
soraya would watch her huddled in a chair or curled up on her bed and wonder how on earth she could feel such a thing .
but one thing i can tell you is that tarkanian was n't black legion . ''
` ` the first thing you need to get through your head is that leonid is incapable of change .
' are you telling me i spent three years of my life hunting a man who did n't mean a goddamned thing ? 5 ' no , of course not .
but do tell me one thing now .
she had to go right ; it was the first thing that came to her mind .
' he said a strange thing that night .
they wo n't know a damn thing , but someone 's giving them orders and i want to know who else shows up . '
the only thing he told us was that they were cleared by dc on the top floors .
' would it serve your argument if i said to you that catherine staples said essentially the same thing to me ? '
the major knew only one thing for certain .
' well ' ' it was the last thing he said to me - two things , actually .
' well ' ' it was the last thing he said to me - two things , actually .
this is all very enlightening and i do n't understand a goddamned thing because nobody 's said a goddamned thing that makes sense .
this is all very enlightening and i do n't understand a goddamned thing because nobody 's said a goddamned thing that makes sense .
because the information i ' m sending him is the last thing he wants to hear .
that 's the one thing we did not forget , ' broke in the diplomat , now astonished .
` ` the same thing i assume you are .
` ` that 's another thing i wanted to hear . ''
the illustrious commander of nato is assassinated with said ` jason bourne ' taking credit for the kill , and we do n't say a goddamned thing to anybody !
there are other things -- '' ` ` there 's only one thing now , mario , and i want the truth from your lips or i 'll carve them out of your face ! ''
a helicopter will be there in thirty minutes , and do n't say a goddamned thing to anybody ! ''
` ` did n't you ever learn a goddamned thing at andover and yale ? ''
` ` i think that 's the most frightening thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
` ` that 's the nicest thing you ' ve said in the past thirty - six hours . ''
... let me make one thing clear , mr . bourne .
he picked up the wrinkled menu on the table and quickly settled on the first thing he recognized .
often the last phrase had passed over his head with only a word or two being somewhat recognizable when the whole thing was suddenly chased by another .
but one thing he was sure of : klein would never place an operative in harm 's way by not telling him everything he needed to know .
the one thing kravchenko , an eminently practical man , could guarantee was that no one could break the quarantine .
` ` i 'd like to remind you of one thing , london , '' kirov spoke up .
` ` it 's not the worst thing people could think of you , jon . ''
` ` you have to tell me one thing , '' randi replied .
` ` there is one thing i can say for sure : harry landon does not believe that there 's even a consideration of destroying the shuttle .
i confused the hell out of him by ordering him not to talk in case it comes back up , but i have his word that he wo n't tell reed a thing . ''
foltrigg pondered these things and sipped his tomato juice .
i promise we 'll have a long talk first thing in the morning .
the handwriting is awful and the pen ran out of ink , but our expert says the same thing .
the cops referred to it as just another domestic disturbance , same thing they always said .
` ` that was a stupid thing to say , kid .
they dragged slick to the door , and as they opened it , harry had one final thing to say .
it was a silly thing to say , thought alex , as he walked out into the corridor , slamming the door behind him .
' they may not have a choice - ' ' get one thing straight , ' interrupted alex .
someone had been startled , in the overgrowth ; some thing perhaps .
like she was suggesting i should n't have promised them any such thing .
` ` one thing or the other has got to be possible , '' i said .
and one thing i knew for sure was that if a bad deal ends up with a dead guy on the floor , there 's nothing in the dead guy 's pocket .
` ` major behrens over at weed , the colonel , a pathologist from los angeles , and those awful government doctors who called here on saturday asking terrible things like poor keith 's symptoms , how long he lived , how he looked at the -- - '' she shuddered .
she whispered , ` ` let 's get one thing straight .
' you mean like food and medical supplies , that kind of thing ? '
i 'll tell you one thing , arab - lover , ' continued the pilot .
incidentally , the state department said the same thing .
all was uncertainty , punctuated by death ; the only thing the crowd was certain of was that a notorious international terrorist named amal bahrudi had been captured .
' ahmat said the same thing about his own garrison here in masqat .
in boston we have a phrase that means the same thing from southie to beacon hill .
' that does n't tell me a damn thing but it sure scares me . '
he 'll tell you the same thing .
' i learned one thing from you , manny , a very important truth .
but one thing was clear to all of them .
' does n't mean a thing . ''
again , he had been right , for he found a man who needed both his money and his considerable talents : a senator from idaho who had begun to raise his startlingly sonorous , impassioned voice , saying things herb dennison fervently believed in , yet a politician who could laugh and amuse his growing audiences while at the same time instructing them .
but let 's get one thing clear .
i climbed in and the first thing the goniff said to me was ` ` one hundred dollars to the airport , mister . ''
' and one way or another they all knew who i was - ' ' as did a lot of other people in phoenix and flagstaff , and one thing was clear to all of them .
he did n't want either job but it was explained to him that if he did n't take them , he would n't have a damn thing to say about his successor in colorado 's ninth .
' our beloved telegenic wizard , langford jennings , has n't a goddamned thing to say about it ! ...
' let 's get one thing straight , congressman .
this is a far older man saying essentially the same thing , except that in this case any knowledge of the disease - if it exists , as i believe it does - has been kept from you . '
' i swear to you , eric , i did n't know a thing ! '
' if you 're some kind of naturalized spook from a cross - over unit , you 'd better get one thing straight .
about the only thing you said to the driver was to drop you off at balboa park , that you had to meet someone and you 'd take a cab home . '
and the one thing i have heard about you is that your services do n't come cheap .
` ` i guess i 'd ask you the same thing , janson . ''
you imagine a greek can boast of such a thing ? ''
` ` a week ago , i would have argued the same thing , '' kazuo onishi , the systems engineer , said .
well , here 's one thing we do know .
` ` i 'll bet you 're wondering the same thing , '' the man said to callahan companionably .
` ` how the hell can you know such a thing ? ''
yet how long did they really think they could conceal such a thing ?
and that 's the one thing i am certain of .
` ` but gyorgy is right about one thing .
no , i tell you one thing : there was no kis family in molnar . ''
` ` get one thing straight .
anybody 'll tell you the same thing . ''
he doubted anyone in the car was going to volunteer anything , but there was one thing he wanted to say .
that was the one thing she was sure of .
voccio was apparently thinking the same thing .
and she told him everything , holding back only the last thing she and kaiser had discussed .
since there was only one in the world , which patterson himself owned , old hickory probably rested easy knowing that the commonwealth would never decipher a thing .
` ` there are a lot of people saying the same thing .
pauline said to me the same thing i just said to you .
completely speechless , clay would remember later , in the shower , that the thought of a nice lunch was , oddly , the first thing that crossed his mind .
it was the wrong thing to say , as far as dinner was concerned .
a rather cruel thing to say , clay thought , but then everything in the story was wicked .
the first thing they decided was that they would not continue it .
` ` the last thing she said was , ' take care of my babies . '
mr . e. l. green , a veteran of two wars , and a longtime subscriber to the times , though that might soon change , said , among other things : if we do n't stop communism it will spread to every corner of the world .
the one thing christ wanted us to do was to love one another .
neither of us said a word , but we were thinking the same thing .
and one thing is going to be very clear to everyone , from the white house all the way on down the chain of command .
` ` but i do know one thing : we ' ve got to dump all the stuff we were planning to use for our own mission .
` ` let 's be clear about one thing , hal , '' pierson said tightly .
i think that 's a fair thing to say . ''
i told him the same thing . ''
just as another silence , suddenly imposed three days ago , convinced him that the rendezvous in corsica was no proposal made in the heat of violence , but the only thing that was left .
` ` he offered you nothing , thent ' ` ` rhe last thing he said to me before i left him was that the answer might be in corsica .
` ` did not a man in your own country call for you and tell you things he wanted you to know ? ''
you said to me only a moment ago that certain things must be accepted , that courts and avvocati had no place , that one killed in order not to be killed oneself .
it was the last thing he would say for several hours .
` ` you would n't say such a thing if it were n't true .
` ` the same thing it tells you .
when he objected , the last thing i said to him was that i might be trying to save waverly 's life . ''
` ` i ' m sure of one thing .
it was the last thing you wrote down before you named the corsican .
he knew one thing , however , and it was more than instinct .
and let 's get one thing clear , senator .
` ` words that long ago meant one thing , now something else entirely .
` ` you ca n't prove any such thing . ''
` ` you talk too damned much without sayin ' a damn thing , '' said the agitated american from the south .
` ` if you 're straight - arrow , and i ' m pretty well convinced you are , the bad guys had to get you out of the country before your momma joined this undercover operation , said operation probably the only truthful thing your kidnappers told you . ''
` ` there 's such a thing as over complicating dark operations ' security .
` ` how could you possibly know such a thing ? ''
` ` an equal playing field for the rich and the poor , which is total bananas because there 's no such thing .
` ` the last thing you want to hear , old friend .
` ` he said a funny thing .
` ` i said pretty much the same thing ; at least he should offer a justification .
` ` i did n't say fbi , which is the only thing worse . ''
` ` that 's the most comforting thing you ' ve said . ''
klein regrouped and said , ` ` i can tell you one thing .
` ` he was asleep again and still had n't told peter a thing . ''
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' the professor said .
` ` of course , you did n't listen to a thing i said in the museum . ''
` ` he 's probably thinking the same thing about you at the moment . ''
he displayed his weeping client to the media , and said all sorts of vile things about the local sheriff down there in biloxi and the fbi and their lame efforts at locating pepper .
` ` same thing he told the fbi .
we hit a number of topics , but in the back of our minds we 're both thinking the same thing .
i ' ve read it a dozen times , and there 's no such thing .
she could n't think of a thing to say .
get this thing redrafted , put my name on it and we 'll get it filed today .
there were other things she wanted to say , but it dawned on her that perhaps this was not the place .
krigler 's version of it for the jury was as close as any plaintiff 's lawyer had come to the real thing .
again it was the only thing scarlett could think of to say .
he had never thought such a thing about janet saxon .
i guess that 's the only thing left . '
the first thing i can think of saying is that i ' m not ... ' canfield froze .
in our instructions to canfield make one thing absolutely clear .
' i would n't take your word for a damn thing , you insomniac . '
' there is one thing i have n't told you , nor have you seen fit to bring it up .
` ` what a strange thing to say . ''
it 's a terrible thing to say , i know , but there 's just no way around it . ''
i guess the closest thing to it found in nature is a venom peptide , like snake venom .
the one thing he clung to , the one thing that allowed him to keep his sanity , was that liesl had probably been dead when the cabin had burst into flames .
there was only one thing ben felt sure of : that his father 's sudden disappearance was in some way connected with the murders of peter and liesl , and with the uncovering of this document .
not my specialty , but i know a thing or two about how people spread rumors in the financial world , just to stir things up .
` ` i will tell you one thing .
` ` i was about to ask you the very same thing , '' lenz replied .
people everywhere are using personal computers people who could n't understand a scrap of computer code , do n't know the first thing about integrated circuitry .
why would anyone fabricate such a thing ?
i wanted to scream at him , because two weeks ago i would have said the same thing .
` ` same thing , '' he yelled back .
` ` same thing he told you . ''
who knows a thing or two . ''
you are a woman who knows a thing or two , as i said .
his own marketing people had already told him the same thing .
he saw that rafael had realized the same thing .
he 'd thought the same thing .
but he could n't tell me one thing .
he told me the same thing you said at the airport .
it was a hopeless thing to say .
i thought it would be the last thing you wanted to hear . ''
the guy was choosing his words carefully to keep the whole thing vague .
garber asked me , and i told him the same thing .
they do n't know the first thing about them .
she was saying the same thing he was saying to crystal .
` ` stupid thing to say . ''
he pictured joe wondering the same thing , the first time she walked into the office he ran .
` ` joe used to tell me the same thing .
just a gut thing .
` ` because i think the thumbprint thing is exactly the same as the nendick thing .
` ` because i think the thumbprint thing is exactly the same as the nendick thing .
like i was seeing them being totally humiliated , which i guess is the worst thing you can do to a bully .
that 's one thing we can be absolutely sure of . ''
because i ' ve got the same thing in my head .
but he looked into the crazed eyes and could n't think of a thing to say .
' is there such a thing ? '
' same thing . '
that 's one thing a duncan will never be accused of .
the first thing safir said was , ' you 're making me angry . '
you 're going to jog over to jacob duncan 's place , and you 're going to tell him three things .
he figured such a thing would make a lot of sense .
that 's the one thing no one ever asked me .
her eyes close , and as she finally slips back to sleep we slip across the room to the door , but just before we get there , judy marshall says one other thing says it as she crosses over the border and into sleep .
the people at kdcu know his real name and think they 're in on the joke ( the punch line of course being george 's trademark line , the even - a - blind - man thing ) , but they do n't know the half of it .
he sits down and opens the herald to page 5 , where he reads about milly kuby 's nearly winning third place at the big statewide spelling bee , but for the substitution of an i for an a in opopanax , the kind of thing that is supposed to be in a local paper .
` ` and you want to know the other thing ? ''
that 's ... that 's a totally irresponsible thing to say . ''
` ` tell me one thing , will you ?
` ` tell me one thing , '' henry says .
he ca n't remember much of his dream ( his defenses may be bending , but even now they have not quite broken ) , yet enough of it lingers for him to be sure of one thing : the corpse on the santa monica pier upset him so badly that he quit his job because it reminded him of someone he once knew .
` ` i was going to ask you the same thing , '' danny says .
the first thing i thought when i looked at your picture was , he knows about faraway .
wendell is halfway to believing that sawyer himself is the fisherman ... but how can he prove either thing with his film gone ?
` ` also might want to know one other thing the caller said ? ''
jack is thinking exactly one thing : no one is taking potter anywhere until jack sawyer has had time to put a few pointed questions .
wendell green is a legend around here , a star , the closest thing to a giant of journalism ever to come out of western wisconsin .
she leans forward again , and her face takes on the expression of a six - year - old girl about to tell the worst thing she knows .
and the last thing i 'd call you is stupid . ''
there is only one thing jack can tell the doctor now , and he says it .
` ` last thing , '' mouse says .
he would not exult or show off , such behavior being foreign to his nature ; henry would nod toward the windshield and say things like , ` ` looks like the corn is nice and tall for this time of year , '' and ` ` i ' m glad duane finally got around to painting his house . ''
the part of jack that is not a cop argues that the smell of blood means no such thing .
we could say the same thing about dale gilbertson 's home , or jack 's , or henry 's , could n't we ?
on the screen , lily says the same thing to woody .
it felt good to shove things , and that was another thing that scared her .
taking his courage in his hands , he said , ` ` the only thing i really am sure of is that i seem to be falling in love with you , vicky . ''
` ` do n't tell him any such thing , '' cap said stoutly .
wanless said : ` ` one thing you know already .
` ` that 's the most insane thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
al steinowitz had said a strange thing about rainbird once over glasses of port in cap 's living room : ` ` he 's the one human being i ever met who does n't push air in front of him when he walks . ''
all the graphs and computer readouts boiled down to the same thing : will as the first cause .
but for all the questions , and all the fake sympathy , it always came down to the same thing : charlie , set this on fire .
` ` you got it better than me , kid , but it comes down to pretty much the same thing .
` ` now , ca n't and wo n't are n't the same thing , '' john said .
` ` the other thing i was thinkin is that you ca n't learn to control something unless you practice it and practice it . ''
now not even extreme slow motion will give a clear picture of what is happening , but one thing is clear : as the cinderblocks continue to explode outward and backward , there can be no doubt that they are burning ; these blocks are burning as briskly as newspapers in a fireplace .
third thing : i want you to be in the stables on wednesday afternoon at one o'clock .
but the only thing i could think of would n't bear uttering .
i could have said the same thing as a reader .
` ` jane engle said the same thing , '' i recalled belatedly .
though i had to concede it looked like madeleine would be saying the same thing if she could .
every time i opened my mouth , people knew one thing about me for sure ; i was n't from around here .
she got up to go and thought of one more thing to say .
though i had n't known the true nature of the youngbloods , they were finding out a thing or two about me .
i could tell from charity 's face she was asking herself the same thing .
i could have sworn it was n't the first thing she thought to say .
there was not a thing to say .
` ` the same thing i 'd told craig to tell luke .
it was the worst thing i could think of to say .
i should have known better than to ask myself any such a thing .
so i concentrated on listening to every single thing angel told me .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing about myself . ''
patty replied in a puzzled sort of way , saying that my mother had already called her to let her know that very thing , and i laughed weakly .
` ` i do n't have to reply any way at all , deny or admit or any which thing . ''
but it was n't the first thing he said .
` ` this is the nastiest thing i have ever read .
and i ca n't go back , i ca n't change a thing , i just have to decide , right now .
there 's no such thing as the truth . '
it was the kind of thing he said all the time , but now it made me cringe , knowing how close i 'd come to ruining everything .
` ` you 're not still pissed about the room thing ? ''
` ` ak- , '' i start , but before i can say another thing , the door opens , and my dad comes bursting in , a couple more parents behind him .
` ` that 's the thing i wanted to tell you . ''
there 's no jury , my lawyer keeps reminding me , so all of dekker 's wide - eyed performing wo n't mean a thing in the end .
elise filled us in , so we would n't say the wrong thing . ''
` ` that 's a shitty thing to say . ''
` ` what was the last thing olivia said to you- '' instead of answering , she says , ` ` god , you look so sick .
what was the last thing olivia said to you ? ''
i hold my smile and say the only thing that will get me the file : ` ` i ' m feeling better , paul .
` ` say just the right thing to talk me down . ''
one thing i am certain of is that this is a game intended for me .
but one thing i am sure of - beyond a shadow of a doubt - is that the man standing behind the door has just removed his own gun .
` ` you would not believe half the things that fly over orange county , jim . ''
` ` now that 's not a nice thing to say . ''
anyone else would have been flabbergasted , shocked , confused and horrified to be accused of such a thing .
there 's not a whole lot of consensus , but they all agree on one thing . ''
devlin sat up in the other bed , and the first thing out of her mouth was , ` ` are we crazy for doing this , dad ? ''
it had n't occurred to will that he might be asked to give his name , and he said the first thing that popped into his head : ` ` never mind what my name is .
` ` same thing you are . ''
he knew it was a stupid , obvious thing to say , but he was still dazed and trying to buy some time .
i would always say the same thing : i did n't know what it was they wanted .
you think i ' m gettin down on my knees now my leg 's tied up and i ' m feelin poorly , gon na beg you to spare me , make amends for my behavior and pledge everlastin loyalty , you got another f**kin thing comin .
` ` what 's the last thing you read ? ''
the only thing i ask is that you 're packed before you fall asleep tonight . ''
on the inside he 'd written , not a goddamn thing .
as she walked into the house to fix herself a drink and look through her wedding album , the words of that thing echoed in her head : dear beth , before i begin , please know that i did not murder my mother .
and let me tell you another thing .
` ` well that 's the funniest thing i ' ve heard all year , because the door under the stairs was open .
same thing we saw in that mass grave in denver .
he stopped , staring at five men pointing a variety of firearms in his direction , and the first thing to cross his mind was that it had been nine days since they 'd fled the cabin , and how strange it felt to see people who were n't his family again .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , '' she snaps .
i had no idea why i 'd think such a thing .
it 's the last thing she says before she walks out of the room .
it takes him a second to answer , as if he 's calculating the right thing to say .
the images of being forced to do things against my will by my father flood my head , how he believed the bad needed to punished , how he told me i was bad , how he told my sister and the boy in the basement the same thing .
the one thing i was sure of was her loyalty to dean .
and then , as if he could n't stop himself , as if he did n't even realize he was saying the words out loud , he 'd said one last thing .
i say the wrong thing .
` ` dean said pretty much the same thing to me once . ''
there was a very high likelihood that sloane 's family were the ones who 'd hammered home the idea that she said and did the wrong thing 86.5 percent of the time .
dean was probably thinking the same thing , but he accepted the offer with a nod .
given what i knew about agent sterling and her relationship with dean , i was betting that she 'd gone into that call the same way i would have : hating marie for what she 'd done , but halfway convinced that if she just said the right thing or asked the right question , she could undo it .
i 'd left out the professor , because even though briggs and sterling had n't said a single thing about how he 'd died , my gut did n't believe that the unsub had tortured the professor the way he 'd tortured the females .
the same thing locke wanted from me .
only this time , the one thing it kept saying , over and over again , was that i was here - behind this locked door with who knows what waiting outside - because i had nowhere else to go .
` ` i ' ve been here for almost three years , and the only thing they ' ve taught me is that psychopaths are really good liars , and fbi agents are really bad ones . ''
he had n't needed to get into my head , because he 'd been thinking the exact same thing .
` ` your mouth says one thing , but your eyebrows say another . ''
a second later , he must have realized the same thing , because he pulled away from me and took a step back .
` ` the medical examiner will tell you the same thing , '' sloane continued .
but standing there , looking at michael , the one thing i did know , the way i always knew things about other people , was that sooner or later , as a part of this program - a part of this team - i was going to find out .
she wore a bonnet and a light - coloured summer dress , and the last thing i thought , before the cobleigh boots obscured my view and the kicks came raining in , was that she was beautiful .
this was the most devastating thing about the whole conversation .
i must have looked as though i was deep in a brown study that particular day , for the first thing that the pirate known as calico jack rackham said to me was , ` ` oi , you , why the long look ?
now , one thing you 'd have to say about nassau , specifically about the upkeep of nassau , was that as housekeepers we made good pirates .
oh , i kept it well greased ; the one thing you can be sure of when it comes to pirates is that while we may not be a particularly domesticated breed , we kept our weapons in good condition .
` ` now , why would you say a thing like that , edith ? ''
` ` hardly the same thing , haytham .
` ` quite so , holden , '' i said , with a frown that was intended to shut him up , although chance would be a fine thing .
the officer seemed to be thinking the same thing .
` ` last thing you said before you blacked out was to spare them , sir , '' he said , with a look that suggested he was n't happy about it , ` ` so spare them 's what i did .
` ` there is one thing i know ... '' i stopped .
` ` you ca n't prove a damn thing ! ''
' there 's no such thing .
' show me where such a thing is written .
once he would have said such a thing parrot fashion , knowing the beliefs expected of him .
if altair knew one thing it was to trust his instincts and his instincts were nagging him now ; just a low , hushed nagging , but insistent nonetheless .
he glanced up to the opening in the roof , trying to catch a glimpse of ezio 's imaginary archers , not even reflecting , as ezio had feared he might when he 'd first mentioned them - the first thing that 'd come into his head - that such soldiery had been all but superseded in modern warfare , though the bow was still far quicker to reload than the pistol or musket .
` ` look , ezio - if you ever do decide to bury it somewhere , promise me one thing . ''
pity , i could have taught her a thing or two .
the second thing he said to sean , almost as an afterthought , when he was halfway out the door : ` ` they caught one of them , sean . ''
i 'll be dead tomorrow and i want my daughter to understand : you get one thing .
last thing she ever said to him : weird .
ray had n't been looking at his brother when he spoke , but he moved anyway , and jimmy remembered once again the thing that people usually forgot about ray : he was n't deaf , just mute , few people around the neighborhood or otherwise , jimmy was sure , having encountered one like that before .
he 'd only left out that one thing he 'd sworn to himself he 'd never tell another soul , no matter who that soul was .
because katie , man , one thing you could say about her since the time she was , like , six is that the girl was neat , she took care of her clothes , and so it 's okay , it 's almost nice , right , to come out here and just sit , just sit and look at the neighborhood and try and think of something about katie that 'll make me cry , because , dave , i swear , it 's starting to piss me off i have n't cried yet for her , my own daughter , and i ca n't fucking cry . ''
that 's the stupidest thing i ever heard . ''
` ` no offense , but that 's the weirdest thing i ' ve heard in a while . ''
` ` what 's the same thing ? ''
what 's the same thing ? ''
every cop who worked east bucky in the eighties will tell you the same thing .
just ray always said the same thing .
he could feel brendan , ten feet to his left and frozen , probably thinking the same thing .
seems to think you believed the same thing .
he knew now what he had n't said that she 'd needed to hear , the thing he 'd refused to say in over a year .
the closest thing this neighborhood had to a governing presence in the years since the feds and rico had busted up louie jello 's gang had been what ?
first thing you get asked on an ir is the time the incident began .
in the paper , he 'd been quoted as saying the last thing he told his wife was that he loved her .
the last thing he really said ?
and if i ask you , you 'll say the same thing .
the same thing we ' ve been giving you for the last two years . ''
if they 're watching us right now as we speak , thinking the same thing ?
but , '' i said , ` ` a white kid in fenway gets stabbed eighteen times by black kids , and no one says a goddamn thing .
i saw their faces again as they fired , and i heard a voice that i soon realized was mine saying the same thing , over and over again : ` ` fucking niggers , fucking niggers . ''
` ` you always know the right thing to say , '' she said and started toward the house .
the first thing he said when he came to was , ` ` you 're arresting her , right ? ''
not a smart thing to say when you 're sitting near someone 's foot .
the next thing i said was , ` ` ouch . ''
there might not be much good in this world , but show me anyone who has a bad thing to say about denim cut - offs and i 'll show you a lunatic .
the next thing i said was , ` ` ooof . ''
when diandra let us in , the first thing i said was , ` ` this moira kenzie , did she have a nervous habit of tucking her hair behind her right ear , even if there was nothing to tuck ? ''
` ` sure thing , son .
i have ten men a day , mr . kenzie , who say far worse to me , and they 're not breaking any laws , though i could consider it sexual harassment if i did n't know that my male colleagues hear the same thing . ''
all accounts of arujo - from fellow prisoners to other entries in this diary to kara rider 's roommate to people in the bar the night he picked up pamela stokes - mention the same thing over and over : the man possesses a powerful sexuality .
` ` that 's the best thing i ' ve heard all year , ange . ''
` ` if you ' ve been watching et , you might just know the right thing to say . ''
the first thing he said was ` ` what ? ''
he waited for the surf to tell him something , to suddenly know the right thing to say .
` ` same thing he said about you .
that 's all we know about her , because that 's the only thing we ourselves can testify to about her .
her father tells us one thing , but he feels completely different .
anyway , when jay said that thing about the buckets , i started thinking about price in south carolina . ''
you have n't said a thing that 's made sense in at least twenty minutes . ''
that 's the last thing she said to me : ' mommy , i ' m hungry . ' ''
` ` i ' ve been sitting here wondering the same thing . ''
` ` i said a thing or two i should n't have .
she stroked his slightly chubby face , and the love in her eyes was a palpable , daunting thing .
too bad i ca n't say the same thing , wes . ''
` ` wesley , listen to- '' ` ` you 're never sure which thing will make a woman crack like a fucking egg , pat .
angie reported the same thing regarding his days .
same thing with yugoslavia after the communists .
we were thinking the same thing .
` ` one could ask you the same thing . ''
he left another note saying the same thing to let the irvines know where to find their hope chest , and he deposited jewelry and cash and most everything else they 'd taken on the porches of the sick .
` ` as for your girlfriend , '' finch said , ` ` her real name is tessa , but that 's probably the only true thing you know about her . ''
` ` damnedest thing , jessie , but i could n't tell you now what it was exactly we were fighting about .
` ` men are fine for many things , luther , but none of you know the first thing about a woman 's heart . ''
` ` now that 's the truest thing you ' ve said all week .
you two may have told yourselves one thing , and she may very well love con ' in a different way .
when reporters asked if he 'd be going to spring training or not , ruth kept saying the same thing , ` ` if mr . frazee thinks i ' m worthy of a fair wage , i 'll be there . ''
` ` mr . marcus garvey says pretty much the same thing , '' luther said .
` ` you 're going to be sucking on brown soap for the rest of the day , '' his father said , ` ` but before you do , let me make one thing clear , joseph -- i brought you into this world and i can damn sure take you out of it .
albert , albert , joe thought as albert glided past his bar stool in the shoelace on the third night , i could kill you if i knew the first thing about killing .
` ` let me just say one thing plain - you 're too smart for the stuff you ' ve been pulling .
and foolish in here was the same thing as weak .
why ask when his presence on the wall beside maso at night clearly stated one thing above all others - he was protected .
` ` that 's just about the nastiest fucking thing i ' ve heard all month . ''
gary smiled at joe like he 'd never heard such a thing .
he allowed her to pull him to his feet even though it was a fucking abomination to share the same dance floor as esteban or , to a lesser extent , dion , and call what he did the same thing .
` ` all four bartenders have said the same thing about this kid , '' dion told joe , ` ` said he 's sick - mean .
maso said , ` ` the thing about mr . white , joe , that you should probably have grasped- '' ` ` and what 's that , maso ? ''
only thing the whole world agrees on - starving is no fun . ''
she would so give him another amen ... ` ` tell me one thing about you that i doona know , '' he demanded .
he nodded , turning toward his room , and because he did n't expect her to , she said , ` ` tell me one thing . ''
just like the thing that had faced her in the mirror downstairs , the thing that was straight from a creature feature .
just one thing to trust - ` ` i can get you away . ''
dammit , he 'd said the wrong thing .
she was thinking the same thing .
it was the last thing he would have expected from the home of an immortal .
sam was sorry he did because now she found herself examining every little thing he 'd said and every moment she 'd seen the men together .
feeling bad for adding to her discomfort , he tried to distract her and said the first thing he thought of .
the only thing he could think was that an immortal 's blood was somehow unattractive to leeches .
was she going to analyze every little thing the man said ?
he was in good shape , without a bit of fat on him , so the only thing she could think was that he either had a metabolism like her own , or he really worked his food off while on stage .
` ` it 's the same thing , '' she said with irritation .
` ` i told her i had the ever - after kind of like for her , '' mortimer defended himself , but knew that just was n't the same thing .
` ` a lot of women suspect that very thing , '' dani assured him as they weaved their way through the queuing people in the open area in front of the tills .
she turned back to leonius and said the first thing that popped into her head , ` ` but i do n't want to be a vampire . ''
leigh nodded , ` ` we had a similar conversation where she told me the same thing .
fangs and silver - blue eyes flashed , and dani found herself closing her mouth and simply standing there unable to say a thing as the woman glared at her , concentration on her face .
she turned back , but merely arched an eyebrow and pointed out , ` ` i asked you that very thing several minutes ago and you still have n't answered me . ''
` ` sam said the same thing , '' mortimer admitted , and jo 's eyes opened with alarm as his voice suddenly became clear and loud and the office light came on overhead .
she 'd say one thing for her sister , jo thought as she shifted to a sitting position and then got out of bed .
the only thing he could think was that ernie had decided that going after dani and stephanie was too risky and so was making do with jo instead .
` ` the fact is , we prefer to be called immortals rather than vampires , but the vampire thing is more expedient when explaining things . ''
` ` a one - in - a - million type thing they told nicholas when he got home . ''
` ` lucian says the same thing .
` ` jeanne louise , '' marguerite said softly , suggesting she thought the same thing .
` ` as if you do n't think the same thing , '' she said dryly , and then added , ` ` besides , they are as far as i can tell . ''
armand did n't know how he 'd managed to resist the urges just looking at her raised in him , but he was damned sure of one thing , there was no way he was going to be able to resist her again ... which meant he had to get her out of there as soon as possible .
` ` and i did n't have to tell her a damned thing .
she was wondering the same thing herself and relieved she did n't have to ask the question now that the drugs were wearing off .
cale would have liked to argue the point , but really , even he - who had n't bothered with women in what seemed like forever - knew mortimer 's words had been the wrong thing to say .
cale did n't need bricker 's groan to tell him that was possibly the stupidest thing the man could say .
he did n't know the first damned thing about cooking and did n't want to .
i do n't know the first thing about cooking . ''
it seems the salesman had mistakenly reversed two numbers when writing them down , and the orange tiles were what were on the order ... and i 'd signed the damned thing without double - checking .
my immediate thought was that it just figured i 'd go and fall for a monster , and the only thing i could think at that point was that you wanted me for a blood donor and sex toy . ''
` ` i was a privateer really , but it 's the same thing , just that it was sanctioned by the government .
he 'd just lost one , and if there was one thing he 'd learned , life was n't kind enough to throw him another so soon .
she 'd considered the same thing and the same problem .
anders had no doubt valerie would say the same thing ; partially to avoid sounding crazy , and partially because speaking the truth was intolerable .
but if his long life had taught him one thing , it was that you do n't always get what you want or deserve and he could n't agree to dinner out ... especially when he suspected valerie had seen igor across the street from her house .
she also could n't explain jake 's coming out of her bedroom buck nak*d . or she did n't want to , so nicole settled on the one thing she could say in response to his long diatribe and assured him , ` ` dante and tomasso are not mob goons . ''
` ` oh , just some- '' she waved vaguely , and finished , ` ` thing .
melly was rude , and arrogant and - really , nicole could n't think of a single nice thing to say about the woman ... except , ` ` she 's beautiful . ''
it was hard to be pleased to have a pretty woman on my arm when i could read her thoughts and knew she was thinking that i was cute enough , but the best thing was that i had money and could buy her whatever she wanted , or that while i was cute , she preferred blondes , or that she hoped to god i did n't expect her to ruin her figure by ' dropping babies , ' or she hoped i was into sandm because she 'd really like me to spank her , or ... god , you would n't believe some of the things women think .
he always knew the right thing to say .
it was the same thing she 'd been asking herself some three months ago , when another darkhaven had fallen to tragedy -- a tragedy that also had left behind only ash and smoke in its wake .
appalled that he could think such a thing .
he asked the warriors , hoping they were n't about to ask him the same thing .
now i ' m asking you to give me this one thing : i want roth dead .
that was a very strange thing for a ghost to say , even a ghost in a dream .
in some ways that was the best thing he could have said .
that was the saddest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` i thought the same thing when you were gone without saying a word to me .
it was the most sensible thing claire had ever heard her say -- and the most painful , too .
there was something alarming about how fast michael had jumped on the whole ` ` let me talk to her '' thing .
for some reason , that was the first thing he 'd said that i reallyheard.it was almost like i was hearing my father 's voice again , saying something that i 'd needed to hear every day since lyss disappeared from our lives .
and we justwent ... . '' hey , let 's go.he used to say that kind of thing to me , maggie thought with a strange , dazed twinge.but not since he met sylvia .
maggie wanted to know one thing .
well , i ' m telling you the same thing now .
shewas glad to get off the subject of delos , and shewas remembering the strange thing cady had saidlast night .
the hound today had said the same thing .
to her it sounded likejust more of the same thing .
` ` you did n't tell me one thing , '' maggie said suddenly .
` ` i , uh , like the no - hair thing . ''
in the meantime , if he teaches you one thing , one thing , rachel , you 'll be wearing his guts as hair bands .
in the meantime , if he teaches you one thing , one thing , rachel , you 'll be wearing his guts as hair bands .
i 'd give him one thing .
i frowned , having thought the same thing .
` ` dried leaves , '' i whispered , remembering jenks saying the same thing .
` ` i ' ve learned one thing through this crapfest , nick , '' i said , forcing myself to be calm .
` ` this is a saltshaker , '' trent said , and the scuffling sound redoubled , making it hard to hear nick , but one thing was abundantly clear .
i had a brief memory of asking minias the same thing , and i shoved it away .
what a shocking thing to say ! ''
of course , i should never have believed such a thing in al my born days !
alexia perfectly understood al the things ivy had n't written , if such a thing was to be believed possible given the length of the missive .
` ` i am certain i heard the most horrible thing about italy recently .
` ` i remembered that awful thing i had heard about italy . ''
i ' ave ze '' -he waved his hand in the air , apparently incapable of recal ing the appropriate english vocabulary- '' thing , para you . ''
there 's just one more thing i have to tell you . ''
tell me that 's not the creepiest thing you ' ve ever heard . ''
he paused , as if shocked that he could have voiced such a thing , but continued .
look who 's talking , i thought , just as darren muttered the exact same thing .
zeke and i glanced at each other , thinking the same thing .
` ` sure thing , allison . ''
i 'd told zeke crosse the same thing once , that the world was harsh and unmerciful , and he was n't going to survive if he did n't see it for what it was .
jackal and i exchanged a grave look , no doubt both thinking the same thing .
jackal broke in , thinking the same thing , apparently .
if it was here , that could only mean one thing ... .
i want you to promise me one thing . ''
` ` he already made me promise the same thing .
i knew perfectly well that was a mean thing to say to her but could n't resist .
angeline and jill cooed as though that was the most rugged , manly thing they 'd ever heard .
` ` because i mentioned the monkey thing the other day , and my girlfriend had a , uh , few things to say about that . ''
the only part of that i understood was ` ` perfect cl**vage , '' but i had a feeling we were n't thinking of the same thing .
i 'd told myself the same thing when i 'd been forced to travel with rose hathaway in russia .
it was an easy thing to promise , seeing as she was still hung up on him and her alleged rebound was completely disinterested , but trey did n't know that .
` ` same thing they 'd give a royal .
from the way she went still as we stared at each other , i knew she was thinking exactly the same thing .
it was a cruel thing to say to lissa and sonya , but neither of them could muster an argument .
` ` i just heard a similar thing from trey and angeline - about their own relationship , that is .
but it 'd mean the same thing in the end . '
she knew it was a stupid thing to say , but the presence of magrat was getting on her nerves .
' what a stupid thing to say ! '
nanny ogg had always considered herself unshockable , but there 's no such thing .
` ` you ca n't - ` ` ` ` think very carefully about the next thing you say , '' bishop interrupted .
he asked her , which was the same thing richard morrell had said .
it 's the same thing i told you fifty years ago .
wow , that was not the most comforting thing claire could think of .
there was one thing in the world he was afraid of , and i just watched it happen to him .
sam glass , who had n't said a thing , slowly rose to his feet .
alexia asked , prepared to chalk another thing up onto the board of her husband 's mistakes for the night .
` ` what a thing to say , my love , '' snorted the earl , offended .
to be thought such a thing .
is that not simply the worst thing you have ever heard , ever ? ''
` ` how could you think such a thing ?
` ` aw , conall , what a sweet thing to say . ''
for some reason , the thought of a vampire camping struck me as the oddest thing he 'd uttered all night .
it 's a hard thing to say all at once .
his expression was peaceful and hopeful , like he was wishing the same thing .
we tried it first thing in the morning , the middle of the afternoon , and right before bed .
i smiled - she 'd said almost the exact same thing the last time i 'd been here .
because really , the last thing i ever wanted to hear him utter again was that i was sounding like his parents .
i 'd said that exact same thing to him once .
tears of sadness started to form , as the next thing i had to tell her took me over .
his mom apparently gave no argument , for the next thing he said was , ` ` wagyu ... really ?
that was the last thing that made sense to me , for a very long while .
not that i was embarrassed , no way , but we were getting married fast , and i was only too aware that super fast weddings usually meant one thing , and i was fairly certain that if anyone asked me directly if i were pregnant , i 'd blush and giggle and squeal like an imbecile .
you wo n't remember a thing . ''
personally , i was n't worried about me passing anything dangerous to them , i knew exactly what condition they were going to end up with , but it was a comforting thing for a doctor to say anyway .
that was one thing we 'd both agreed on earlier .
not exactly the most flattering thing for a guy to hear , especially from his grandmother .
i 'd sort of accused him of the same thing once - he was just very ... put together , for a guy .
the last thing he said to me , before i had to leave him , was that he would n't start a fight ... but they would tell him what he wanted to know .
the only thing we 'd been pretty certain about was that a human body could n't handle the strain of being pumped full of vampire juice for long , and mine was going to give out , it was just a matter of time .
and with our sometimes terrifying history , my moment of clumsiness was a preferable thing for him to share with them .
i smiled , meaning to say it back , but then he pushed deep inside of me and the only thing that left my mouth was a stream of groaning , incoherent consonants .
as our group walked into the living room , teren asked him that very thing .
as he was watching them leave with a frown on his face , i wondered if he was thinking the exact same thing .
being a girl , i had the ` ` i ' m on a diet '' thing going for me , and it worked for most places where food was n't the main attraction .
that only meant one thing in my mind : julian was dead .
it was a difficult thing to say .
halina seemed to be thinking the same thing .
but had it been my idea and my venture , the only thing that was sure was that no one would come .
` ` but did n't he say the same thing about becky ?
` ` no , i ' ve only misunderstood one thing - you . ''
` ` no such thing , my dear ria , but it certainly sounds wicked , does n't it ? ''
` ` but all hers say the same thing , whot ? ''
i can tell you only one thing .
things began to click into place in her brain .
` ` oh , sophronia , do n't say such a horrible thing ! ''
` ` professor , i hesitate to say such a thing , but i believe i saw professor shrimpdittle going into your lab alone last night .
that seemed the right thing to say .
which was a terribly enigmatic thing for sidheag to say .
her coming - out ball was pronounced a resounding success by those who cared to pronounce such things , and she took her place in society that spring .
he leaned on the treehouse railing , staring out into the backyard , while i mustered up enough courage to bring up the one thing i 'd repressed since he 'd picked me up .
` ` i ' ve only ever asked one thing of you - the truth .
whatever i might or might not desire , there was one thing i could never change .
whatever else happened in my life , that was the one thing i could never change .
` ` the thing i do n't get is how gautier is getting around after sunrise . ''
it was a cold , pleased thing , and sent ice slithering through my soul .
the saying one thing and doing another .
` ` tell me one thing before we do this , gautier . ''
` ` i thought the same thing , '' he said wryly .
` ` i was thinking the same thing while you were gone .
now gillian remembered the last thing she 'd wanted to ask angel last night .
` ` the first thing is that i ' m not anything like what you think .
when gary turned back to gillian he said very quietly , ` ` one last thing .
there 's no such thing , '' she goaded , needing information and willing to acquire it from any source , even if it meant prompting men as sick as these two .
he had a vague feeling he had not known such a thing in many centuries , let alone with his body so battered and his mind so fragmented .
you can not hide such a thing from me .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about my childhood , fantasy or not , '' shea snapped , goaded beyond endurance by his unruffled , superior attitude .
share this terrible thing with me .
how could i possibly know such a thing ? ''
` ` i never thought such a thing .
mikhail , if such a thing was true , i would know you could not be one of them .
life mating united two halves of the same whole , but he could not find a way to express such a thing in terms she would understand .
the truth is , it 's hard enough for me to accept that kind of thing from you .
i ' ve seen the very same thing in him .
because you can control the human mind and you use them as cattle ... '' he gasped , shocked that she could think such a thing .
gregori would never have admitted such a thing unless he considered the situation a dire emergency .
` ` how did she think of such a thing ? ''
i do not pretend to understand why some men brutalize women and children , i will never be able to comprehend such a thing , but i do know it is common .
` ` i seem to recall gregori said the same thing about me - many times . ''
she had no family and did n't know the first thing about children .
` ` that is the only thing i ' m sure of . ''
` ` mine say the same thing . ''
the colors , the emotions , the physical lust rising so sharply could only mean one thing .
she had never once , in all their centuries together , remembered her brother admitting such a thing .
` ` julian , please do not say such things to me , '' she whispered into his palm .
his words said one thing , while his blatant , sexy heat whispered something altogether different .
even as they walked together in perfect harmony , breathing in the fresh mountain air , listening to the forest creatures , the creak of the swaying branches , and a rushing stream nearby , julian could think of only one thing .
i have seen the same thing in him , and i fear for him constantly .
how could barack have said such a hurtful thing to syndil ?
` ` i do not know why he would say such a thing , but you know he can not mean it .
you have not scanned or you would feel the dark empty spaces that can only mean one thing .
he could worship her with his body yet never find the right way in all eternity to say that same thing .
i ' ve never ... '' she did n't know whether she was telling him she 'd never danced and had no idea what she was doing , or whether she was trying to tell him she 'd never had sex and did n't know the first thing about tempting a man .
nicolas accepted the brief statement as the closest thing to an apology he would get from gregori .
was there even such a thing ?
` ` that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
it was an unnecessary thing to say , but her hesitation , coupled with the heavy oppressive weight settling between his shoulder blades , increased his feelings of unease .
mary ann always knew the right thing to say to set her clients at ease .
it was the only thing she could think of to say .
nicolae probably was making the entire thing up .
how dare he even think such a thing !
he had not considered that she would think such a thing .
` ` shame on you for even thinking such a thing .
he believes in hypnotism for things like pain management and quitting smoking , that type of thing .
it was the last thing she expected , and it made her laugh .
she said the first thing she thought of , then was embarrassed that she had whispered a secret dream , now a regret .
the one thing i believed was that i could always trust you , trust your word to me . ''
this is some weird fantasy thing the king of the castle stuck in your head .
why would they believe such a weird thing about her ? ''
she wanted to believe he was making up the entire thing , but she knew , deep in her heart , that he was n't .
the only thing that makes sense . ''
` ` it was wrong of me to suggest such thing .
` ` where in the world did you hear such a thing ? ''
he does not know the first thing about vampires . ''
` ` how could you think such a thing , stefan ? ''
the truth was the worst thing to face .
she did n't know the first thing about men , but surely they were n't all like this .
if necessary , we will be able to prove such a thing .
` ` i wonder if he thinks the same thing about you . ''
` ` answer me this one thing .
` ` you ca n't ask me to accept such a thing . ''
` ` sure thing , jaxx .
i ' m getting used to the ' centuries ' thing , but the ' bring you over ' thing is too much . ''
no one could easily accept such a thing .
she said it firmly because it was the one thing she knew absolutely to be true .
you do n't know the first thing about him .
you will believe me in this one thing , above all others : you are in no way responsible for the things that have happened to you .
you do n't know the first thing about him . ''
i do not remember what it is like to dream of such a thing .
few of the undead could hide such a thing from him .
` ` that 's a hell of a thing to say to me .
` ` why would anyone think such a thing of me ?
woods was certain he had shared such a thing with her .
his voice was the most beautiful thing she had ever heard in her life .
now he knew just the right thing to say to make her listen , but it was a total stranger who answered the door .
how could she possibly know such a thing ?
` ` how could you doubt such a thing , chrie ? ''
i 'll just bet she has a thing or two to say to you when you wake her . ''
` ` who taught you such a thing ? ''
` ` am i going to crave blood , raw steak , that kind of thing ? ''
for all his knowledge , all his power , he was unable to say the right thing to make it better for her .
` ` but out here , if you admit such a thing , the newcomers think you 're loco . ''
if you truly did not want me , then of course i would have to accept such a thing , but you are my lifemate .
dayan had said much the same thing about corinne , and he had been right .
that is the worst thing you can say to a man .
it was the last thing he could give her .
she did n't know the first thing about sharing her life or -- or anything .
she said the right thing .
what would happen when she opened her mouth and the wrong thing came out ?
she squashed every snippy thing she wanted to say and bit down hard on her lip .
she touched her tongue to her lips and nodded , hardly daring to breathe in case the wrong thing came out .
` ` i should have known you 'd say the right thing , dominic .
i do n't remember ever encountering a vampire , or one who said such a thing , but i have known for some time that i was not thinking correctly . ''
juliette caught at riordan 's wrist and squeezed tightly to prevent him from saying the wrong thing .
how could such a small thing be felt in the pit of her stomach ?
` ` that seems an odd thing for you to say . ''
it would n't be possible for jasmine to hide such a thing from her , but maryann would n't betray a confidence no matter what she thought .
` ` i take back every good thing i ever thought about you , '' she yelled at the door , and smacked it with her open palm for good measure .
` ` how can i explain such a thing ?
for one moment lightning lit up the room and he could see the desperation in her eyes , the very thing he had wanted .
he scowled at her , shook his head in utter denial , in disgust that she would think such a thing .
all along , he had been thinking that exact thought - he did n't want to be saddled with a human woman - any woman - but especially one who did n't know the first thing about obedience .
it 's the one thing i have to give you - a gift .
it was the only thing she could think to say when all she wanted to do was kiss him forever , hold him so tight neither of them could breathe and take him as deep as possible into her body so he would never find his way out .
` ` one thing i learned from her death , '' sue said , ` ` is that it could happen to any of us .
i need just one more thing .
it was said ironically , but it was the closest thing to a promise stefan had ever gotten from his brother in his life .
it was the one thing she 'd insisted on , the one thing she 'd always promised .
` ` so what are you going to do , matt honeycutt , if every bad thing you ' ve said is true ?
matt would say the same thing . ''
bonnie felt a jolt , even though she 'd offered the same thing only a week earlier .
if there is one thing i know for certain , you ca n't read my mind . ''
no one would ever believe such a thing of colby .
but she could n't hear a thing rafael was saying to the chevez brothers .
` ` it is no small thing you offer , sister kin , '' he said softly .
i thought maybe i was making the whole thing up . ''
half the time i still do n't believe the whole thing . ''
` ` who would tell you such a thing ?
why would she believe such a thing ? ''
it was a great risk for gregori to admit such a thing and she respected the healer a lot more .
` ` why would you write such a vile thing ?
one wrong thing and they would slay him .
` ` it is not the same thing .
one more thing , fel ku kuuluaak sivam belso - beloved , i love you more than life itself .
she did n't know the first thing about babies - give her a sword every time .
when i examine you , i am certain i will find the same thing . ''
i do n't know the first thing about animals .
toni is right , i should n't have said such a thing . ''
the one thing that i have learned in this long life is to never jump to conclusions .
how could either of them possibly know such a thing ?
you always manage to say the right thing .
` ` you never ask such a thing from the signorina . ''
` ` i would never believe such a thing of her .
because i do n't actually recall such a thing .
the longer he sat there , pretending that the blame for all that had gone down lately rested squarely on him , telling them all the things they wanted to hear , the less impatient law enforcement was to stake out the mansion or raid the place .
` ` if harvard were here right now , i know he 'd say the same thing . ''
her question caught him off guard , such a simple thing to ask .
he tried to speak her name - warn her to stop - but the only thing that came out of his mouth was a strangled moan .
everyone must have wondered that same thing , because they all kept utterly silent .
` ` have n't heard a thing .
it was a possessive thing to say , and even though he had no right to think it let alone let the words roll off his tongue , he could n't apologize for it .
` ` jot that whole thing down for me again . ''
` ` it was n't that long ago that most of us were saying the same thing about the breed .
` ` because i was thinking the same thing . ''
` ` but you need to know - need to understand this one thing .
` ` the first thing you need to know , '' he ducks inside the pipe , letting go of my hand , ` ` is that we do n't have all the answers . ''
` ` maybe i should be asking you the same thing . ''
` ` and let 's not forget to tell her your thing .
emmy snorts a laugh , like it 's the most ridiculous thing she 's ever heard .
jade said the same thing . ''
` ` i like a girl with spirit , '' ash offered , as if he'dworked hard on finding the most obnoxious thing possible to say .
if a lioness or a wolf or a falcon could talk , it would say the same thing .
later , she 'd al ways grope for ways to describe it , but she could onlythink of things like : well , a little bit like the way vanilla bean smells , and a little bit like the way silk feels , and a little bit like the way a waterfall looks .
say something ... say some thing ... do n't show you 're afraid .
but there was one thing she had to say .
that seemed the saddest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` only thing i could tell for sure was that he was up to no good .
being locked up with a bunch of low - life scumbags teaches you a thing or two about survival .
` ` i was wondering the same thing about you . ''
` ` that 's a terrible thing to call someone .
what an odd thing to say , sarah thought .
we were sisters , and yet i do n't know the first thing about her . ''
` ` lord have mercy , girl , what a thing to say about your own daddy . ''
sarah was so surprised to see him that she blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
bud asked me the same thing several times in several different ways , but i could n't help him any more than i already had .
` ` seems like he waited to ask you the more important thing second , so you 'd be more likely to come , '' sam asked .
i 'd never expected such a thing .
there 's such a thing as being too determined not to accept a gift , and i assessed this as just such a situation .
no matter what anyone said ( the most popular thing was ` ` shut up , terry !
right away , i realized i 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` what a strange thing to say , my lover . ''
was that the same thing ?
` ` no such thing , the way i hear tell , '' amelia said .
he had n't been listening until i 'd said the same thing in several different ways .
i really could n't think of a thing to say .
and i was aware of another truth , another real thing .
a little voice in my head had been saying the same thing for years .
` ` better to die knowing my enemies then to die sleeping innocently beside them , '' i retorted , thinking it was the stupidest thing i 'd ever said .
last night ivy had nearly bit my head off when i suggested nearly the same thing .
for a moment , no one said a thing .
if anyone else had said such a thing , she might have chalked it up to dramatics .
about the only thing that 'll feel worse is when , somewhere down the line , someone reports in from patrol that they ' ve smoked a rogue and it turns out to be harvard . ''
it was the first thing he 'd said to her the whole trip .
that was the thing i did n't know , the thing the vision had not revealed to me .
that was the thing i did n't know , the thing the vision had not revealed to me .
of one thing he was certain .
carrow glared over at them together , not buying the whole lovers - for - centuries thing .
` ` sure thing , '' she amended , handing it over .
say the one thing that will ease my mistrust .
` ` one more thing i want you to understand .
` ` there 's one more thing i should tell you .
` ` i wondered the same thing . ''
i know it 's not the same thing .
edward must have been thinking the same thing , because his expression was stiff and his eyes remote as he came to get my door for me .
i know beth crowley has told tyler the same thing , so do n't act like i ' m the bad guy - oh , good morning , bella , '' she said when she caught sight of me , brightening her tone quickly .
the thought of victoria made me tremble , though the one thing they seemed certain of was that it had not been her .
but i did n't want to talk to him with charlie around , to have to watch my every word so i did n't let the wrong thing slip .
it was the stupidest thing i ' ve ever said in my life and i ' m sorry .
i could not think of one thing to say to him .
but i could say the same thing about charlie , jacob .
just enough time to say one more thing ... ... '' i waited .
he 'd thought the same thing , of course .
lucan had told her much the same thing earlier tonight .
the project 's chief purpose is to benefit the planet , to revolutionize energy consumption - ` ` ` ` they used to say the same thing about nuclear power . ''
you said a lot of sweet things to me , things i was almost fool enough to believe - ` ` kellan cursed .
you said a lot of sweet things to me , things i was almost fool enough to believe - ` ` kellan cursed .
god help him , but it did n't take much to remember the stubborn little girl who 'd told him pretty much the same thing in word and deed time and again when he 'd been a withdrawn , stupid teen who did n't know how to accept her friendship , let alone her love .
that 's the worst thing you can say to me right now . ''
` ` that remains to be seen , '' nathan replied , knowing it was not the most reassuring thing to tell the young female 's twin brother , but , then again , he did n't have a lot of practice when it came to diplomacy .
and i plan to tell kellan the same thing when i go see him today , wherever justis is holding him . ''
his methods might have been psychic rather than physical , but in the end , it was the same thing .
it was a cruel thing to say , but i just could n't help myself .
which was a pretty dumb thing to say .
` ` that is such a female thing to say . ''
whatever - or whoever - the evil soul had been , one thing was clear .
perhaps not the wisest thing to say , but hey , if he knew anything about guardians , then he knew rules did n't often figure in our actions .
` ` sure thing , sweets .
sophronia said the first thing that came to mind .
what was the first thing you wanted to know , just now , before the explosion ? ''
` ` sophronia , do n't even say such a thing !
` ` sure thing , rache . ''
` ` okay , '' she said with the last of her exhaled breath , and i knew the next thing she said would be stark honesty .
she could see eve thinking the same thing .
that last thing was n't a request , and claire took it for dismissal .
she knew he 'd say how sorry he was , and he did - first thing , as she sponged the splatter off his face .
` ` not the same thing at all . ''
and one thing i can tell you about ada , she was never a slave , not to you or anybody else .
` ` that 's the other thing he said , '' i explain .
aislin and i gape at him , thinking the same thing .
and i thought the essence thing made up for what i did .
` ` i know that , '' i tell him , thinking about the last thing she whispered to me .
i rack my brain for something - anything - but i panic when evan 's arms begin to ignite with flames and i sputter out the first thing i can think of .
that 's the first thing he says after aislin 's been gone for much longer .
that 's the first thing you have to say after we ' ve both been gone ? ''
` ` i should be asking you the same thing . ''
` ` hardly anyone believes the monster thing anymore , '' ivy added hurriedly , seeing a look of alarm on olivia 's face .
` ` bren , '' ivy said quietly at last , ` ` there 's some- thing i ' ve been meaning to tell you . ''
ivy shrugged and gave a tiny nod , and olivia knew they were both thinking the same thing .
that was n't the same thing as saying they were safe .
` ` do n't be cruel , eve , just because you did n't love your father - ` ` which was just about the coldest thing claire had ever heard .
` ` child , '' oliver said , ` ` you should think carefully about the next thing you say to me .
at the university coffee shop , that was inevitable ; people said the weirdest , most private things right out in public , like there was some invisible privacy wall around them .
claire sat back , unable to think of a single thing to say for a moment , and then it hit her exactly what that meant .
it was such a startling thing for him to say that claire almost laughed .
she ate the whole thing , in between staring at shane to see if he was eating .
maybe that was n't the best thing to say .
i almost ran jenks down , and realized that he 'd heard the whole thing .
i trembled , unable to say a thing .
` ` sure thing , ms .
they will follow her through hell for that thing . ''
ivy had said the same thing .
` ` just shut up and say thank you , '' i said , remembering him saying the same thing to me when he agreed to become big so nasty - wasty vampires would n't bite me .
i admonished , thinking that was the worst thing i 'd ever heard him say .
is n't that a vampire ... thing ? ''
piscary was ignoring that right now , but if he got out , i was sure he 'd have a thing or two to say to his ex - scion , even if kisten had been the one keeping piscary 's business ventures intact , since ivy would n't , her scion status aside .
` ` which i thought strange since it 's summer , but then i called kally to see if she was free , and she asked me the same thing . ''
from my other side , mrs . sarong smiled like the devil and crossed her legs , saying the same thing as mr . ray without uttering a word .
and in his silence that followed , i heard the echoes of the women before me who had said the same thing .
apparently it was the right thing to say , since ceri smiled and put a cool hand upon mine .
it smelled like lilac in here , and candle wax , and the clock over the sink said the same thing .
years of finding trouble in unexpected places had at least taught me one thing - always have a weapon handy .
an inane thing to say , but my brain was too busy battering down my hormones to think of anything more intelligent he glanced at me , eyes darker than the night itself , and totally unreadable .
there was anger in his voice , in his eyes , as if the mere idea i could think such a thing offended him greatly .
i 'd heard the same thing from rhoan many times , and i did n't believe it now any more than i did then .
what a very male thing to say .
she did n't blame him , but it did make a funny picture , at least until she 'd realized the same thing on her end and gotten a mask out of myrnin 's jumbled stash of supplies .
` ` and why would you say such a thing ?
claire was thinking the same thing .
the last thing her mother said to her was , ` ` i love you so much , honey .
the vicious darkness in his voice took her by surprise , but she should have known it was coming ; she should have known that just as amelie had assumed sam was being held captive , myrnin would think the same thing -- or worse -- about ada .
the last thing she 'd heard it say was good - bye .
` ` well , she said this thing about world war ii being about the chinese , and - ` ` shane laughed .
` ` that 's the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
a black crown victoria driven by a man in a black suit could only mean one thing .
glenn had heard the entire thing .
no woman had ever said such a thing to him before .
she settled on the recliner - so he could n't sit next to her - and said the first thing that popped into her mind .
` ` i did have one other thing to relate to you , my dear alexia .
imagine such a thing .
` ` oh , clementine , what a splendid thing to say ! ''
and how did the pack manage to keep such a thing secret ? ''
but sometimes , and she should never say such a thing openly , it smacked of cowardice .
professor lyall said , ` ` your father 's death taught me one thing .
she is human , if you can believe such a thing after ten minutes ' conversation . ''
your father was the love of his life , and we immortals do n't say such a thing lightly .
` ` not quite the same thing .
jenna 's smirk confirmed that i had said the right thing .
` ` i would n't say that kind of thing around here if i were you , mercer , '' he whispered .
the one thing they all thought but never acknowledged out loud .
elodie opened her mouth , but a look from mrs . casnoff stopped whatever nasty thing she was about to say .
` ` mrs . casnoff was really pimping the whole ll'occhio di dio will kill us all thing she 's so big on , and their coven freaked out .
` ` that 's like , the lamest thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
i knew what she was going to say : the same thing she 'd said about the eye .
` ` it 's just this thing this girl there said . ''
the bed thing had happened two months ago .
lara must have been thinking the same thing , because she crossed the room and opened a cherrywood armoire .
one thing i read was real y neat .
when i could find my voice , i said , ` ` cal , that might be the nicest thing anyone 's said to me since we got here . ''
al the books on spirits and haunting said the same thing : ghosts are tied to the place where they died , not to people .
this may sound weird , but the first thing i thought as i watched that ten - feet - tal bronze lady plummet toward my face was , ` ` wel , at least it ca n't kil me .
her lips were moving fast and furiously , and i could n't make out a thing she was trying to say .
okay , so the whole ` ` no more snark '' thing was n't off to a great start .
` ` i thought the same thing about you for a long time , too . ''
she smiled back and said , ` ` yeah , same thing , actually .
the first thing that came to mind was ` ` nothing good , '' but instead i wrapped an arm around her shoulders and said , ` ` we 're going to be fine .
and it turned out , i was right to be , because the next thing lara said was , ` ` for hundreds of years , prodigium have been looking for a way to make themselves stronger .
` ` i was just coming to tell you two the same thing , '' i heard myself say .
` ` saying the most hateful thing possible is like elodie 's superpower .
i liked this tiny cubbyhole - it was the closest thing i had to a bedroom - but rarely got to see much of it .
` ` but let me make one thing clear - the encounters will only occur if the vampires choose to hunt the lord of the vampaneze .
` ` so , '' i said , feeling as though i should speak , saying the first thing that popped into my head , ` ` you 're a witch , are you ? ''
one thing was clear in her mind .
she 'd already let morgead know one thing : that a couple of weeks ago she 'd been in this area , where a local news station could break in .
and there was n't really a thing that jez could say to the humans she lived with .
everyone but luna in relationships meant only one thing - trouble .
` ` i guess the same thing i said to becky about sebastian not showing up in her pictures , '' i said , referring to the time becky snapped a few of alexander 's best friend at a soccer game .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing i ever heard ! ''
wait - one thing would explain that mysterious conversation of his .
that must ' ve been the exact right thing to tell a werewolf , because he released a gust of breath .
the last thing she heard before she passed out : ` ` no one will ever hurt you again . ''
fierce wee thing .
` ` funny , i was going to say the exact same thing about you . ''
or a macrieve thing ?
` ` i ' ve one last thing to ask from the witches .
` ` that 's debatable , '' he said , even though he 'd thought the same thing only moments before .
if he had , maybe the ` ` i love you '' thing would n't have sent him flinging over the edge .
` ` what a horrible thing to say . ''
he whispered things into her ear , sweet things , loving things , all the things he wanted her to know but would never have another chance to tell her .
he whispered things into her ear , sweet things , loving things , all the things he wanted her to know but would never have another chance to tell her .
he whispered things into her ear , sweet things , loving things , all the things he wanted her to know but would never have another chance to tell her .
he whispered things into her ear , sweet things , loving things , all the things he wanted her to know but would never have another chance to tell her .
` ` i tried explaining things to her while we were passing the day away in a forest a few miles outside the city , but i do n't think she believed me .
` ` another thing i do n't want on my tombstone , '' shane said .
probably that last thing . ''
` ` i ' m pretty sure they 're thinking the same thing about us , '' claire said .
from the way shane was staring at the jail door -- which was n't telling them anything -- he was feeling the same thing .
it boiled down to the same thing , luckily -- they did n't have a choice , and oliver had to help .
` ` oh , so , no damage , then , '' jason said , which was such a brother thing to say that claire smiled .
the only thing i was certain of was the fact that something bad had happened .
` ` same thing , as most vamps were once human and have all the old prejudices . ''
it was a somewhat snarky thing to say , but hey , he deserved at least that given all the rejections .
he shrugged ` ` who knows one thing is certain , though i ' ve never seen anything like that before . ''
` ` kade suggested much the same thing . ''
` ` one more thing you should know . ''
not because the whole garlic and vampires thing was true - it was n't - but just because it would be an annoying thing to do and i was in an annoying sort of mood .
we did tests that told us two things - that nature was n't responsible for its birth , and that it came from somewhere near the blue mountains area . ''
one thing more i must tell you .
i was stepping into a world of the unknown , knowing only one thing : i had to find alexander .
the one thing i was sure of was that he was following alexander .
but his staunch opposition to animal abuse -- the very thing that got him fired in the first place , after witnessing years of torture in the makeup company 's testing labs -- put a fire in ben 's belly to take a stand .
she shot him a look that probably broadcast that very thing .
` ` i suppose that answers one thing for me already .
he said the same thing about you .
the symbol , so rare among human females , meant only one thing ... breedmate .
` ` you want to know the strangest thing about this , jamie ?
tegan 's flat gaze said pretty much the same thing , although the vampire wisely kept his mouth shut .
i can think of a few people here who would tell you the same thing .
which was maybe not such a comfortable thing to say in a room full of maybehungry vampires .
` ` sure thing , sugar .
joe hess and travis lowe sent each other looks , too , and she thought they were probably thinking the same thing .
` ` one thing i do know , claire : you ca n't stay in the same place , not even for a day .
but evanna and mr tall both had the gift of reading the future - and both had told me the same thing .
` ` the least you could do is laugh at me and tell me there 's no such thing . ''
you do n't have to tell me a thing tonight if you do n't feel like it , but i have to see you .
` ` i trust her , and the only thing she said to me tonight that made any sense was that you would n't be able to see me if you really wanted to hurt me . ''
` ` that thing called you valiance , but it 's not the name on your credit card .
would she realize this time that her statements were true , instead of laughing at me when i suggested the very same thing ?
` ` that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever told me . ''
` ` one thing i do n't understand , though .
and that could mean only one thing .
` ` it 's the most beautiful thing anyone has ever told me . ''
` ` that 's the craziest thing i ' ve ever heard !
awkward much , john thought as none of them said a thing .
even if he had n't wanted to check out the stories badly , the whole no thing just was n't his bag .
he 'd felt the same thing up at the symphath camp and it made sense that she would protect her private quarters with a similar force field .
the only thing he 'd learned in the past twenty - four months was that it was a good job lying had never been a problem for him .
such the wrong thing to say on the wrong day : john got right in the guy 's grille , bared his hardware , and thought loud and clear : that 's my female going out there .
` ` but it 's not going to change a damn thing .
and what she had to say was n't the kind of thing you wanted to text .
` ` better to chill and lay the trap , '' xhex murmured just as john thought the very same thing .
maybe she needed to revise the ` ` everyone standing '' thing .
if life had taught her one thing , it was that your best bet was to take care of your own biz .
xhex was n't a hugger , but she was damned good at holding people up , and she clasped her mother 's terribly thin arm so the poor thing did n't go down onto the carpet .
this down - low tenet was the single thing that the enemy and the black dagger brotherhood agreed upon , the one deference that was given by both sides .
afterward , you can call him a fuck - twit , an ass - hat , and any other thing that strikes you - but right now , that injury of yours is reknitting in three or four different bad ways .
i do n't believe a thing you 're telling me , and if you know what 's good for you , you 'll shut the fuck up about my mate . ''
that 's the one thing i can live with .
it was not a question , but a demand - the kind of thing wellsie would never have stood for .
and as for the love thing , i got ta say it again .
sitting on his ass , staring up at the figment of a dead female , he found himself wondering the same thing tohr had so very often .
` ` it 's obvious this is about a male , and john wo n't say a thing . ''
in the absence of physical clues , she was forced to go with the only other thing she had : the drama outside that dessert place .
the only thing i ' m sure of is that we ca n't keep doing this .
` ` the only thing i ask , '' wrath said , ` ` is that if he contacts you again - if any of them do - you tell us immediately . ''
john ai n't sayin ' no goddamn thing . ''
in her delirium , in her desperation , she was voicing the same thing he 'd been thinking for months now .
the only thing he was sure of was that if the bastard killed her there was going to be a double funeral tonight - assuming there was anything left of the human to bury or burn .
when he said not another thing , the quiet was about as companionable as the old country inquests had been .
then again , he was just as likely to tell her to go fuck herself for lying to him about the whole ` ` dead and gone '' thing .
the guy frowned over the ` ` human '' thing , but then seemed to shake it off .
` ` screw the name thing .
in his head , he heard the word spoken in her voice with her accent ... and the thing that shocked him most was his lack of reaction to the news flash .
it was the only thing that made any sense .
butch was willing to bet they were thinking the same thing : v 's staying late at the commodore when he knew his sister had been operated on and was safely here at the compound was sketchy - especially given the brother 's mood .
one thing that was true about her hellren , one thing you could always take to the bank , was that vishous did n't lie .
instead of replying , she blushed and grew flustered - which was just about the best thing she could n't say .
as the perp sagged in the hold of the other policemen , no one said a thing .
` ` i ' ve been thinking the same thing , frankly .
neither of them said a thing .
` ` answer me one thing , '' her twin said .
` ` i only want one thing from you in return . ''
the pair of them drank their coffees for a while in silence , and manny wondered if the guy was thinking the same thing he was : christ , how shit had changed .
reichen gave her a mock scowl , as if he 'd never heard a more preposterous thing .
the second thing he came away with tonight was that no matter how much he wanted to deny it , elise mattered to him .
that he 'd acted in retaliation over the female could mean only one thing : tegan cared for her .
` ` seems like i should be asking you the same thing . ''
he did n't offer any such thing , but when he reached out and placed his palm to her brow , his touch was gentle , incredibly warm .
` ` do n't look at me , dylan , '' he croaked , the very thing he 'd said before , she realized now .
the captain could teach the cia a thing or two about running a secret operation . ''
that was the wrong thing to say , and she had no idea why .
but i swear , it was the best thing i could think of .
and from the look on michael 's face , he was thinking the exact same thing .
claire 's mouth opened and closed , but she could n't think of a thing to say .
which , claire had to admit , might have been the nicest thing monica had ever managed to say to her .
it was a short ride to common grounds , but not exactly a comfortable one , because the first thing eve said was , ` ` is it true ?
which was quite a clever thing to say , polly thought .
polly saw some of the other recruits steal a glance at the scavenging parties , and wondered if they were thinking the same thing .
it was a strange thing to say .
` ` that 's why i said that little thing . ''
take the whole thing about the dimity scarves .
` ` there 's one thing you did n't tell us , sarge , '' said tonker , lowering her hand .
` ` i thought i did pretty well right up until the whole coffee thing .
` ` well , i can tell you one thing : i can tell you who 's high on my suspect list of who killed george thurman . ''
i really do n't give a shit what you think about me , but i do know one thing , and one thing only : until you sell that sleazebag of a strip club you own and quit bringing your skank - whores home , you will never , ever be alone with my kids . ''
i 'd been asking myself the same thing since we 'd left the house and dashed through the rain like two schoolgirls at recess .
she did n't seem the ` ` type '' to be a vampire was the first thing to hit him after the immediate ` ` i want '' reaction .
he gave matt a brief , genuine smile , and moved on to chloe , saying the same thing to her .
elena looked over at meredith to see if she was thinking the same thing .
` ` i told you that samantha and i chased away someone attacking a girl on campus , '' she said thoughtful y , ` ` but i did n't tel you one thing , because i was n't sure .
` ` the one thing i ' ve learned over the years is that sometimes you have to surrender .
i had wondered that very thing .
but then i heard some- thing that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up .
because there was just one thing that i had to believe to be able to livei had to know that he existed .
i could n't believe that mike was thinking the same thing , but his hand was placed exactly like jacob 's .
one thing i truly knewknew it in the pit of my stomach , in the center of my bones , knew it from the crown of my head to the soles of my feet , knew it deep in my empty chestwas how love gave someone the power to break you .
as we walked , i struggled for the right thing to say , but nothing came .
it was strange , for i 'd feared that myself , but after the last thing jacob had said this afternoon , i did n't believe it anymore .
nothing 's changed therethe only thing that has n't changed .
in my head , everything spun and shifted , rearranging so that things that had meant one thing before , now meant something else .
` ` if you were , after all , just a dream , that 's exactly the kind of thing you would say .
with that , he turned on his gold- buttoned boot and swung his foot up over jake 's back , gazing down at father , as if daring him to say one more thing .
even though damon had told me the same thing , the words made infinitely more sense when coming from katherine 's mouth .
what a consolation it must be to accept such a thing so easily . ''
` ` what a strange thing to say ! ''
my brothers probably said the same thing .
` ` i have things to say to the trees . ''
` ` do n't say such a thing , i ' m to blame for it all .
meredith 's name was next , and if there was one thing that was true , it was that she and meredith and elena had one another 's backs .
it came to the same thing , then : stefan was the only one who could protect them now .
it was the only true thing he knew .
` ` that 's the thing i heard before the fog took me . ''
and that lure thing ?
` ` yun sun , that is a tasteless thing to say .
` ` i hurt , '' i said , my voice small , then thought , what a stupid thing to say .
could she just say one normal thing ?
how 'd you learn how to- '' miranda was wondering the same thing .
it was n't exactly the sort of thing olivia wanted her adoptive mom and dad to find out from the school paper .
` ` i just have to get one thing . ''
obviously , someone had told dia the same thing .
` ` one thing you have to learn , little girl , is that what i want , i get . ''
` ` the lady in question said no such thing . ''
it was such a weird thing for her to say .
i mean , it was a perfectly normal thing for regular moms to say , but not for mine .
as i followed him , the boy adjusted his dark green backpack covered in various badges that read things like , ` ` rusted nail , '' and ` ` the filthy monkeys . ''
` ` i mean , in my head , you 'll always be the girl who took my desk , but that 's kind of an awkward thing to call you all the time . ''
` ` oh my god , that is the greatest thing i ' ve heard all week .
` ` i get the no - mirrors thing , but even water is unreflective ? ''
the mary evans thing .
that was one thing i 'd gotten right at least .
our eyes met , and i wondered if he was thinking the same thing .
` ` the one thing i do n't want is for you to be unhappy or worry , '' she said , and looked up at her mother .
` ` i just want to know one thing , '' she said .
` ` just tell me one thing , rasmussen .
what phil did n't know was that most of thetime james thought the same thing .
and there are always things that can go wrong.but , '' he said terselywhen phil opened his mouth , ` ` the one thing i doknow is that if we leave her where she is , she 's goingto have a very unpleasant awakening .
could phillip tell them a thing or two .
so many unknowns , but one thing was for certain .
` ` it was the most romantic thing i ' ve ever been told . ''
` ` i could say the same thing to you ...
` ` alexandra , '' he rasped , the only thing he could manage when hunger and desire for her swamped him , stripping him of all thought except the want of this female .
` ` now , see , that 's the kind of lame - ass thing you say to someone who has n't watched your back as often as you ' ve watched theirs .
does n't mean a damn thing . ''
` ` i came out here to tell you the same thing .
i kind of need to know a thing or two about my parents . ''
i shake my head and melodramatically move my hand toward my bag as if what he said is the most absurd thing ever .
i search his eyes , looking for a sign that he experienced the same thing .
` ` especially , when you 're at a nudist beach and you can be completely nak*d . '' something heats from inside , like i ' m beginning to get embarrassed , so i say the only thing i can think of .
that is the last thing i expected to come out of his mouth .
` ` you just said the same thing . ''
` ` that 's the most ruthless thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` she was really nice and she was one of those people who you knew you could trust , '' he says it like it 's the simplest thing in the world to tell me and i decide laylen might be the one person who can teach me what the term friend means .
` ` that 's the exact same thing my parents thought , '' he says and runs a hand down my back to comfort me .
` ` that 's the sickest and most twisted thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` i ' m wondering the same thing about you . ''
` ` but that 's all you have and if one single thing sounds like bullshit , then you leave , not just the house , but my life . ''
` ` that 's all you have , and if one single thing sounds like a lie , then you leave , not just the house , but my life . ''
` ` you 're very brave to come here and say such a thing , '' the blond guy states , his gaze sliding to me .
he must think the same thing because suddenly he 's kicking off his jeans along with his boxers .
` ` but then again , alex already told me another foreseer told the same vision , which is the same thing nicholas said . ''
i think i said it more as a lets - be - best friends - forever kind of thing . ''
` ` i ' m going to need you to stay here for a while , just until i can figure out one more thing ; then i 'll come back for you . ''
it was a cruel thing to say , but it steadied annie 's nerves and reminded her of what was at stake .
lord maccon stood , slightly panicked , and said exactly the wrong thing .
then he wondered at his own recklessness in thinking any such thing .
of course , they said the same thing about the dewan , her majesty 's werewolf advisor .
she said , ` ` the drone maid said exactly the same thing about the london roves .
` ` ivy , what a positively wicked thing to say .
` ` how would you know such a thing ? ''
` ` well , i shall tell you one thing .
people who want to imagine themselves in the olden days , but who do n't know the first thing about them , '' he muttered to himself .
with all the confusion and turmoil inside her , that was the only thing she could keep clear in her mind .
but i want you to promise me one thing .
` ` if any of this is true - which i ' m not going to admit for a second , because they would definitely take my license away - then i can tell you one thing , '' paul said .
hannah was asking herself the same thing .
` ` it all comes down to the same thing in the end .
dani , i ca n't explain it , but the thing i let out - it was n't friendly .
then the one with the stick in her hair looked at olivia like she was trying to remember some- thing .
` ` the other thing you have to remember is that i ' m the new girl .
she was so dumbfounded she could n't think of any- thing else to say .
ivy was suddenly dying to tell her sister every- thing : where she and brendan had gone , what he 'd said , how he 'd smelled , and how he had looked at her when they 'd said good - bye .
` ` well , '' she said , hopping up and down on the balls of her feet , ` ` i do n't know if that 's like the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard ... or the weirdest . ''
` ` i bet you do n't know the second most impor- tant thing to remember either . ''
neither of them said a thing now .
for a long moment , no one said a thing .
maybe he was feeling the same thing .
` ` the enforcement agency has vowed the same thing , and as much as i want to believe it , the fact is we do n't even know where to begin searching for my son .
we do n't know the extent of dragos 's madness , but we are sure of one thing : over some decades , he 's used the ancient to breed a small army of gen ones .
climbing out of a coffin was a two - handed job , and ridiculously strenuous first thing in the morning .
it was really the only thing he 'd said that stuck in her head .
` ` you should n't have to sing for your supper like some sort of town pet , '' victor said sharply and knew at once that it had been the wrong thing to say .
she is terribly naive for her age , '' harper murmured with dismay and elvi did n't know who to glare at : victor for apparently saying such a thing at some point , or harper for agreeing with him .
he 'd expected her to say at university or some such thing .
she had no idea what a charity christmas was , but was distracted by the other thing he 'd said .
probably the most important thing i ' ve learned at amberwood is that people do n't like to know how much you know .
when i did , i just blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
` ` best thing that 's happened to me all day .
` ` the only thing true about what you just said was the storybook damsel part - and that 's only because you 're pretty enough to be one .
there was only one thing i could send back : why ?
when eddie caught my eye , the look on his face told me he was thinking the exact same thing .
` ` adrian implied the same thing . ''
` ` i ' m not in danger , '' i said , feeling like i 'd been repeating the same thing all day .
i realized that probably was n't the best thing i could ' ve said .
and then master jameson said the most shocking thing of all .
and whether i wanted to agree with him or not , i knew without a doubt he was right about one thing : no one else would ' ve told me what he just had .
eddie , to my surprise , said , ` ` i wondered the same thing . ''
one thing i 'd learned in my social education was that flirting was n't the same thing as going out with someone .
` ` well , that 's the most accurate thing you ' ve said so far . ''
she sounded legitimately surprised , but if there was one thing in all of this that i believed wholeheartedly , it was that the alchemists were exceptional liars .
adrian had said exactly the same thing to me on the flight to the wedding , when i 'd told him he could n't keep loving me .
the only thing i could manage was stating the obvious .
it was the right thing to say and apparently thoroughly believable to him .
` ` anyway , then she said the oddest thing , '' he said , and murmured with bewilderment , ` ` she said it just out of the blue . ''
which was probably the thing that terrified her most .
before she could say another thing , he slipped them into his mouth .
jenks eyed me over a chunk of cheesecake as big as his head , clearly thinking the same thing .
damned fool bureaucrats do n't know the first thing about love and dominance . ''
and you did n't say a thing ! ''
i blinked fast , remembering kisten saying the same thing .
i knew she would n't say the entire thing .
` ` sharing that with you was the most intoxicating thing i ' ve ever felt .
she says one thing , then does another .
i had one more thing to say , and this might be my last chance .
diego grinned at me , his face beautiful with light , and suddenly , with a deep lurch in my stomach , i realized that the whole bff thing was way off the mark .
` ` and the last thing , '' riley said .
this four - day thing is a total crock .
he shouted orders , mostly the same thing repeated .
i believed only one thing that riley had ever told me : he had valued diego more than any of the rest of us .
jacob wondered the same thing himself .
it infuriated her suddenly , the frustration of having to be one thing and say another , of having him not understand and take it all so lightly .
but what would keep him protecting and serving her beyond every torment of hell was something she 'd be shocked to know , maybe even offended -- his attention snapped to her face as she watched him , her jade green eyes filled with things he did n't understand and did n't want to interpret .
he knew it was time to let her sleep , but he wanted to say one more thing , let her take it into her dreams .
her mouth says one thing , her mind another .
but one thing i ' ve learned is we do n't overcome our nature .
but now all the things gideon had told him , all the flaws in his character repeatedly pointed out , rose more prominently in his mind as each day passed .
and though she did n't understand it herself , she knew one thing : she was n't going to let stefan salvatore get away alive .
the whole thing just sort of sprang into my mind .
i ' ve just heard the wildest thing about stefan salvatore . ''
` ` vickie , please , just tell us one thing .
the worst thing about this last attack was that he remembered nothing of it .
` ` we do n't have to change a thing . ''
the worst and the strangest , the thing the police never believed when rashel told them later .
vicky was right about one thing : you could n't be too careful .
rashel had a sinking feeling that was telling her the same thing .
i mean , i 'd have said the same thing if he asked me did i really want to watch lawrence welk reruns with him .
that was when hunter said it , the thing that severed quinn 's ties with his old world .
i ' ve got the same thing to say to all of you .
i looked askance at my brother , to see if he was thinking or seeing the same thing i was .
and then winfield said the most amazing , banal thing in the world .
in some ways , it was the worst thing that i could do to a girl like her .
for most vampires that only meant one thing .
` ` i ' m sorry that i ' m your bride , '' she began , clearly trying to sort out the exact right thing to say .
` ` he said the same thing about you concerning my power . ''
that was the absolute wrong thing to say to the sorceress .
she did nt know why she said thatit was a lie ; it had to be a lie ; they d all seenwhat happenedbut something told her it was the right thing to say .
and she says the weirdest thing .
nice , he murmured , which was the first thing he d said .
it was the only thing she could think of to ask , frankly ; every other question had been shaken right out of her head because this could nt be happening .
clever of you to think such a thing , but attend : a rat who knows it is running a maze is no longer a useful subject .
what a wise thing to say , amelie said , and nodded once , like a queen to a subject .
which sounded like a dumbass thing to say to someone a billion years old , who controlled the town and everything in it , but amelie seemed to accept it fine .
one thing claire could say for goth makeup , at least it covered up blushes .
i was kind of lying about that choice thing .
do you think its so simple to forget such a thing for me ?
tell me the whole thing again .
the only thing mom ever told me was what i just told you .
it was the same thing oliver had said , back at the hospital , when he d been trying to make her make her his slave .
` ` i do n't know what kind of thing !
he gathered the unconscious minds of the other victims into his mental grasp and told them the same thing , feeding it deep into their brains .
but it reminds me that there was one other thing i wanted to tell you .
` ` actually , there'sloads i do n't understand , but one thing in particular .
in the past , his lady had intimated al- most the same thing about the ability to read his face .
beating on each other was preferable to staring at one another across thirty feet of space , every- thing said and unsaid vibrating in the air between them , making his headache worse .
it was an ironic thing to say , considering he 'd bound the candle of his life to the diminishing flame of hers .
or some- thing more .
but she had ones that told them the same thing .
i defy you to name one thing . ''
` ` how dare you say such a thing , '' the redhead said accusingly .
` ` how can you guarantee such a thing ?
` ` how dare you say such a thing .
he felt tears burn his eyes - not that he 'd ever admit such a thing aloud .
` ` but , look , if none of us heard the same thing , it means we 're back where we started . ''
a psychic attack means one thing - we ' ve been found . ''
same damn thing the pimp had said to her when he made her braid her hair and put plastic barrettes in it before she went out on the street .
going to church , that was bad enough , but talking the way she did to people so sweet and just putting up with her husband 's drinking and always saying nice things about everybody .
` ` but how could you not know such a thing , '' armand had said , reading his thoughts .
how could she have accepted such a thing ?
the vampire lestal was god ; or the nearest thing he had ever known to it .
it is all the same thing .
` ` if anyone had told us that this custom of mummification would become entrenched in that culture , that for four thousand years the egyptians would practice it , that it would become a great and enduring mystery to the entire world - that little children in the twentieth century would go into museums to gaze at mummies - we would not have believed such a thing .
` ` bonnie , can i ask you just one little thing ?
elena was thinking the same thing .
` ` that is the only thing i ask of you : that you kil me yourself instead of cal ing your guards so that the last sight i see wil be your beautiful face . ''
she had to be told gently by the others that only one thing made sense .
a simple enough thing to say ... but actual y to see it ... elena watched in astonishment as a dozen or so thick , twining stems , topped by gorgeous white cal a lily blossoms , trembled slightly .
` ` and now there 's just one thing i want to ask of you in return .
you ' ve always said i feel too guilty , but that is one thing i would give my life to take back . ''
and when the moment came , meredith found herself holding matt 's shoulders while he held hers , and she could see that he was thinking exactly the same thing about the kiss .
another thing her eyes could n't fol ow .
thank you ... for making it easy ... but can i say one more thing ? ''
she watched as bonnie realized the same thing , watched the fight go out of the smal body .
` ` i could tell you a thing or two , '' caroline added , examining her long , manicured nails with a world - weary look .
but it was the best thing that he could have said , because of all things in the world to fear , bonnie was most afraid of the dark .
when words came to her , the only thing she could hear herself saying stupidly was , ` ` goaway ? why ? ''
such a tiny thing to mean so much , matt thought .
i ' m sorry - reallysorry , bonnie '' - he turned toward her , looking ashamed - ` ` it was a nasty thing to say and i know you were only trying to be nice .
anyway , do you want to hear the thing , '' he finished , looking defensive , ` ` or not ? ''
but of one thing i am certain : he would never harm you.he loves you .
but you never seem to realize that i had to promise the same thing , and i ' m not exactly the caretaking type .
` ` that will be all for - ` ` ` ` may i just say one thing ?
any one of them will tell you the same thing . ''
bonnie looked at meredith and knew that they were both thinking the same thing : and somewhere in there , both caroline and tami propositioned matt , too .
weirdest thing i ever heard .
then she said quietly , ` ` i take back every decent thing i ever said about you .
and before we go inside , i want to make one thing clear : nobody goes anywhere alone .
one thing was clear even before that .
elena knew that damon himself was thinking the same thing .
because , of course , everyone was telling me one thing , and my own mind was telling me something else .
` ` there 's just one thing you 'd better know before we start .
` ` but that means that if you can learn one more thing before we go in , you can actually use your aura , make it do you some good when you want it to , instead of just hiding it until it pops up out of control and lifts three - thousand - pound cars . ''
creative lying had once been a sort of specialty of hers , and now she said the first thing that popped into her head and got a thumbs - up : ` ` i gambled with him and lost . ''
even without them elena knew one thing .
but that was n't the most horrifying thing ; the thing that sent matt spiraling out into darkness .
` ` well , i know one thing without a question , '' damon said .
but it was too late to get stefan inside the door , so the first thing she shouted was ` ` wings of protection ! ''
stefan had a clean pair of pajamas on , and the first thing he said to all three donors was , ` ` if you get frightened or change your mind , just say so .
poisoned , was the next thing elena thought and immediately her eyes darted around the room to see a spilled drink , a dropped plate , any sign that poison had done this .
you say it 's the same thing every time .
this meant only one thing : she had been given vampire blood and then kil ed .
` ` i feel better , '' violet whispered hopeful y , obviously thinking the same thing that i had .
she 'd known that they were both thinking the same thing : now that the old ones are gone , our real life together can begin .
` ` one thing i will tell you .
her brain was working again , and one thing was clear : she had n't really seen stefan out there ; it had been a dream .
` ` and after that , '' elena said to bonnie , ` ` you said one more thing , in a strange voice .
i do n't - well , for one thing i did n't hear the river before .
that was the hardest thing to bear , the lack of purpose or resistance in his body , the emptiness .
` ` i wo n't leave you alone with him , '' stefan said , which was not quite the same thing .
` ` this is the last thing i 'll ever ask , '' elena said .
araminta , can you hear some- thing ? ''
i decided not to say any- thing to sir horace , as i did n't want him to disappear again .
why would they care about such a thing i do n't know , he said .
of course he would n't believe it was possible , that would be the first thing he 'd say .
how could he say such a thing it seemed an age i was out in the garden , but finally , for better or worse , i wandered back inside .
the second thing i believe is that all of us would be human again if we could .
what a dreadful thing to say .
the big cheap watch on my wrist said the same thing .
my god , i whispered in english , for mon dieu simply does n't mean the same thing .
i laughed when i saw it , but then i could n't tell such a thing so easily now , could i well , by 6:21 a.m .
but tell me one thing .
the very same thing was true .
` ` you are n't the first to tell me such a thing .
revenge was the only thing he allowed in his mind .
` ` tell me one thing at least . ''
` ` you never told me the worst thing you ever did . ''
` ` look , i just want to know one thing , '' he said .
bloody stupid thing to say , vimes thought five minutes later as he walked through the streets at the head of the little squad .
that was one thing you could say about the watch , it was representative .
the air was full of the smell of damp and dwarfs , but these little traces ran through it like a piccolo hornpipe through a requiem and formed one thing ... ` ` troll , '' she croaked .
you stay one thing and you don '' t have any problems with body mass .
` ` it '' s not the sort of thing people want to hear , '' angua went on .
that '' s the deep - downers for you , they think they just have to say a thing and it '' s true !
it '' d be my word against yours , and believe me , lads , i '' m unlikely to leave you capable of saying a single damn thing .
it wasn '' t the most awe - inspired thing to say , but it came from the stomach , with feeling .
chapter one in which there is almost a bath and definitely a trip to the theater i said no such thing , '' grumbled lord maccon , allowing himself , begrudgingly , to be trussed in a new evening jacket .
so he said the only thing he could say under such circumstances .
not quite the same thing .
terribly hedonistic of her , such unconditional surrender , and she should never admit such a thing to anyone .
it warms the cudgels of my heart to hear you say such a thing . ''
` ` you can be guaranteed of at least one thing , madam .
but if such a thing could be said of a parasol , it looked like the kind of object a sportsman would carry , all function and no beauty .
he would n't tell them all everything , or even all the same thing , but he would tell them all something .
biffy was sickened , not so much by the information , as he could readily believe such a thing of professor lyall , who would do anything for his pack , but by felicity 's duplicity .
the message was cryptic to be sure , but it could only mean one thing .
and in knowing such an awful thing , she had also chosen for the last few years to keep it secret from her husband .
i canna quite ken tae such a thing .
` ` i do not want to be an alpha , '' was the first thing he said , testing out his vocal cords for functionality .
` ` mr . zayed said much the same thing . ''
biffy was outraged at being accused of making such a thing up .
` ` please , do n't say such a thing !
` ` that 's not quite the same thing . ''
` ` that 's the sort of thing the dry old buzzard would say , '' i huffed , trying not to sound disappointed .
` ` if i ever say such a stupid thing again , '' i told him , ` ` cut out my tongue and sew my lips closed ! ''
i knew she would n't say these things unless they were true , so i stood still and ground my teeth together while she ran the glowing tip of the branch over my flesh .
that had definitely been the wrong thing to say .
it seemed such an odd thing to say considering the woman did n't know them or the situation they were presently in .
it had been the exactly right thing to say .
said katie and alison , who had a talent for always thinking the same thing as charlotte .
hardly anything is certain anymore , but there 's one thing i know beyond a shadow of a doubt . ''
warm breath washed across his face , followed by a rank scent that could only mean one thing .
before cassie could go after her , brianna asked her the same thing , ` ` what about you , cassie ?
the part that will wanted to reveal the most was the one thing he could never say .
reggie was guessing his sister 's next move , but that meant she was predictable and in the short time kahli was at the palace , the one thing she learned for certain was that sophia was completely unpredictable .
` ` i do n't have to tell you a damn thing , '' cole hissed and turned on his heel .
i was told the same thing .
kahli shrugged , ` ` i was told the same thing , but it does n't make sense .
he fit the sense of the word , but the last thing he said did n't jive with that ideal .
best thing you ' ve said all night .
she did n't listen to a thing he 'd said .
and cassie got one thing right , kahli did n't know which way was up .
she said the other thing like kahli should know what it was .
her mouth opened but she did not say any- thing , which was very unlike aunt tabby , who always has something to say even when you wish she had n't .
but i must have said the right thing because the old lady strode into the house .
they were really close to the ground this time , and i knew that meant only one thing -- that the werewolf was about to pounce .
the one thing you would n't do for me , the one thing you would n't give me .
i stood like that for some time , and the longer i did so , the more i was certain of one thing : i was becoming less and less human .
it means you are telling me one thing but mean another . ''
` ` that might be the nicest thing anyone 's said to me in a while . ''
` ` marcy jacobs was saying the same thing , '' janice added .
it was the most tender thing anyone had ever said to me .
` ` i wanted to know the same thing about you , '' he offered .
it was the only thing he could say .
laszlo had to be thinking the same thing , because he fell to his knees and grabbed shannas wrist to feel for a pulse .
he did nt dare tell her the first thing that came to mind .
he d heard father andrew say much the same thing over the last few years , that the vamps were actually fulfilling some kind of divine purpose in their attempt to protect humanity and destroy the malcontents .
he d thought he was saying the right thing .
that was obviously the right thing to say to connor , for he pulled his cell phone out of his sporran and made a call .
` ` saying same thing ... over and over ... and over ...
i knew one thing -- i 'd have to find out .
what 's more , he knew that the order 's leader , lucan , as well as the rest of the warriors at the boston compound would say the same thing to him .
but someone had said that very thing .
if they did n't come , then i had recovered my wits , but no such thing was true , any more than it was true that my father was alive .
` ` do n't you love how they always say one thing in front of the camera , but at the bar , the truth comes out ? ''
i 'd give the fib one thing : they knew how to make coffee .
but letting this go without saying anything was easier said than done , especially when i 'd been thinking the same thing off and on in stupid - rachel moments for weeks .
one thing bowe was unequivocally certain of was that he did n't love her .
with his body and soul , he felt one thing , even as his mind feared the truth .
as she thought over what she 'd learned , rydstrom said , ` ` there 's one thing you should remember if you ever do happen upon him or another lykae .
fondly as ever , lady nandiuml ; x , proto - valkyrie my mother says i must not pass too near that glass ; she is afraid that i will see a little witch that looks like me , with a red , red mouth to whisper low the very thing i should not know !
yet even if macrieve was sexy - insufferably so - she was n't going to be seduced into forgiving the hateful thing he 'd said last night .
mari was startled - she 'd been thinking the same thing .
because everything is the very thing i can not know .
but before it started , she had one final thing to say .
i said the first thing that came to my mind .
` ` there is one more thing i need to know before i decide . ''
she took the peter - being - immortal thing two and two - and - a - half well , but i do n't think she 'll take this well .
the only thing she would accept at the time .
are you about to tell me the thing that you ' ve been keeping from me that i ' ve been trying to get out of you forever ? ''
` ` will you promise me one thing , love ? ''
love and hate are really the same thing .
i know that seems like a silly thing to say .
i look at peter and i can tell we 're both thinking the same thing .
her face tells me the same thing .
the one thing you need to know about di is that she 'll do anything to get what she wants , and once she decides that she wants something , she wo n't stop until she gets it .
that was the one thing that had n't come so easy .
` ` will you tell me one thing ? ''
i do n't exactly feel beautiful first thing in the morning .
they must have had some sort of meeting about me , because they all say relatively the same thing .
` ` just tell me one thing , '' jamie says , ` ` have you given him your blood ? ''
` ` sure thing , '' helena says .
i said the exact same thing to peter when we first met .
i hoped i 'd said the right thing .
i thought of the same thing more times than i could count .
rasha said the same thing .
i thought the same thing more than once .
i do n't know what to say , and i ' m always afraid i 'll say the wrong thing .
i said the exact same thing to her when i told her about peter .
` ` you always say the right thing .
he says the same thing he 's said every time i ' ve said it .
and then he says things like that , and my heart does this squeezy thing and i get all tingly .
it was time to tell her thing two 's .
clearly , i did not say the right thing .
tex and i look at each other , both thinking the same thing .
i wonder if he 's thinking the same thing i am .
only the middle thing is true .
i guess i failed dad with the whole , don't - stress - mom - out thing .
then i have one thing to say to her .
i may have told jamie thing one , but there was still thing two and thing two - and - a - half .
i may have told jamie thing one , but there was still thing two and thing two - and - a - half .
with the thing i feared more than anything else .
it seems like the right thing to say .
also , what was that whole thing about saving you and not being able to save humans and letting them burn in hell and all that ? ''
there is only one thing to say .
and less than two seconds after that he takes my hand and does the calming thing , stroking my hair and saying things i ca n't understand in my current state .
` ` do n't bother , i ' ve got the whole thing memorized . ''
i 'd asked peter the exact same thing when he claimed me .
of that one thing , i was certain .
` ` i love you , '' i say , because it is the only thing i can say .
and what about ivan and the whole promise thing ?
of course , the first thing i say is n't a question like , what he 's doing here , or what the hell that was about last night , or if he was the one who put me in my car .
my hurt neck , my trembling hands and my beating heart are all telling me the same thing .
it 's the only thing i can think to say .
my eyes search for a weapon , and the only thing i come up with is an old dance trophy i 'd won when i was five .
if she 's this upset about jamie , god knows how ballistic she 's going to be when she finds out about thing one and thing two .
` ` a lot of things , '' i say , rubbing my sleeve on the moist grass to clean my snot off it .
i thought that inviting thing was a myth . ''
the most vocal of all things , thing two - and - a - half , rattles away in my throat , threatening to jump out of my mouth in a moment of weakness .
of course that 's the first thing she asks .
tex has definitely come around to the whole peter thing , except for the age difference .
i ' m not listening to you because i know better '' thing she said all the time .
nick 's dad had told him basically the same thing .
stupid concern given everything going on , but it was the first thing that popped into his mind .
but the one thing nick had learned in his short life was that people seldom fit whatever stereotype others wanted to give them .
and there was one thing he saw clearest of all .
the one thing he 'd learned over the centuries of dealing with savitar .
whenever the chthonian said that , it meant one thing .
sad thing was , he knew his mom did n't say things like that lightly .
he spoke english , rather fluently most days , first thing in the morning or really late at night notwithstanding .
suddenly nick understood , as he remembered the one thing he had learned from his convict father .
his dad had told him the same thing .
he looked at her and admitted to her the one thing he 'd never admitted to another living soul .
one thing i ' ve learned in my life is that nothing is ever easy .
but the one thing that has always held true - there can only be one malachai demon with full powers at a time . ''
in all the years he 'd known her , he 'd never heard brynna say a mean thing about anyone .
it 'd sounded far - fetched , but the one thing he 'd learned over these last few months was that absurdity was the true natural order .
the one thing his mother had drilled into him - you bring an innocent baby into this world , you do whatever you have to take care of it and provide for it .
` ` that was the only thing he 'd say until he passed out .
that was the first thing he 'd learned in grade school .
and the one thing nick had learned over the last year was that death did n't have a sense of humor , and especially not when he was the brunt of the joke .
the owner , big bubba burdette , was one of nick 's best friends and the closest thing to a father nick had ever known .
but in the end , one thing was clear .
but before his common sense could prevail over his stupidity , he blurted out the one thing he wanted to know most .
there was another thing nick had n't been told .
was it the same thing he 'd heard earlier ?
once he makes his mind up ... '' ` ` another thing he comes by honestly .
` ` that 's a sexist thing to say ! ''
it was the one thing his mother had drilled into him .
that could mean only one thing ... . ` ` are you dying ? ''
but the one thing he could guarantee , who or whatever was coming for adarian would n't hesitate to use and abuse both caleb 's physical being and his powers .
the one thing that his future self had all but beat into him was that he had to stay away from simi .
the one thing acheron had taught her ...
still raw from what he 'd seen in that last battle , and with his very foundation shaken , nick jerked at the last thing he expected to hear .
bubba was the closest thing to a dad nick had ever known .
throwing his head back , nick cackled with laughter at the last thing he 'd ever expected to walk into this room .
` ` i did n't tell you any such thing . ''
and even if he 'd ever tried , all anyone had to do was be within an eighty - mile radius whenever his mother blew a gasket and shouted out the whole thing to get his attention for god and all his saints to hear .
` ` i wonder that same thing every day . ''
and the one thing i learned at the business end of noir 's whip is that fear , pain , and intimidation will ensure your safety and make sure that nothing and no one ever goes for your throat .
` ` one thing acheron and kody have taught me .
then he 'd say some gentle thing like ' you know your father .
i heard this funny thing ... '' ` ` what ? ''
` ` ' no , but i would never deny you paradise or heaven ; would you deny such a thing to anyone ? '
you said that your father should not have accepted such a thing , but your father had been confused because the words on the wooden casket had been in hebrew .
did the old man ask the younger man the same thing ?
had i said such a bold thing ?
` ` or is it merely that you 're relieved that i recognize such a thing ?
` ` one thing is true , i foiled his plan .
i know it 's a terrible thing i ' m saying . ''
he had a website backing up the radio show and an e - mail address , and sometimes read e - mails over the air , so to speak , but it always came back to the same thing : we 're a tribe , and as a tribe we need to stick together , have loyalty , care about one another , and figure on lasting in this world where immortals could be burnt up or decapitated like anybody else .
he would never be angry with you over such a thing .
but one thing i vow , my friends , and do listen .
seth sat in the shadows beside his beloved fareed as all this was discussed , his narrow angular face impassive , but surely he and gregory were thinking the same thing .
i suspect it 's saying the very same thing to any number of us , but i ' m speculating .
not for one second had i thought such a thing possible .
i was guilty of only one thing , not knowing who you really are .
he 'd been there for hours , patiently answering rose 's questions , explaining things about his own point of view .
but having that followed by a visit from aldous , who seemed to be saying much the same thing ... ... unless those two rumors were one and the same , and they had both originated with aldous , who was not sounding like the voice of complete reason .
it was n't the right thing to say , but sometimes these things came out .
it was n't the right thing to say , but sometimes these things came out .
` ` this must be the hammer that killed isaiah wechsler , '' jb said , as if that were the first thing that would pop into anyone 's mind .
that was the first thing she had learned .
it 'll cost us , but the main thing is you 're okay .
` ` sure thing , '' said bert , adding it to the invoice .
` ` i ' m sorry , but that 's the funniest thing i ' ve heard in a while . ''
it was probably the closest thing i 'd heard to a growl from him when he was still in human form .
which is the absolute last thing you want to hear when a doctor has his hand inside you .
fiji tried to remember a single memorable thing aubrey had said when she was alive ... and could n't come up with an instance .
i ' m pro - gay marriage , pro - choice , pro - environment , pro - whales and tuna and wolves and every damn thing you can think of . ''
one more thing you ought to know .
creek had said the same thing .
` ` they would not tell me such a thing .
she 'd said exactly the wrong thing .
` ` every last person i ' ve talked to here today has said the same damn thing , '' smith said .
` ` manfred , i ' m sorry , '' was the first thing she said .
` ` i ca n't think of a thing i want to say about them .
manfred had to bite his lip to keep himself from saying the same damn thing .
like i ' m being pummeled by a freak wind and my skin is crawling , and i know that 's a horrible thing to say , and i ' m so sorry .
` ` what a terrible thing to say , '' she said , but was smiling again .
` ` what i was saying was that aden once told me i calm him , then tucker later told me the same thing .
he was going to have to do his best to remember every little thing he 'd said and exactly how he 'd said it .
did she fear the same thing ?
eve had said the exact same thing when they 'd first seen mary ann .
` ` do not let them hear you say such a thing .
the weekend was here and that meant only one thing .
` ` you know you 're thinking the same thing . ''
` ` we need to get one thing straight , though . ''
` ` i asked him the same thing , and he gave me the same answer , '' victoria said .
she 'd protested , but he 'd done the smiling , ` ` i ' m fine '' thing and managed to convince her all was well .
it was the only thing his fogged brain could come up with so spur of the moment .
and really , he 'd said the same thing to everyone .
i ' m wondering the same thing myself , elijah said .
` ` the same thing you are , i ' m sure , '' dr . hennessy replied , yet his voice was different , softer , more feminine .
the other witches laughed at him for daring to suggest such a thing , jennifer the loudest among them .
` ` only thing i could find .
paper trails were a bitch , and yeah , witches tracked that kind of thing .
you thought the same thing , she reminded herself .
a kind of ` ` you mess with one , you mess with all '' thing .
was the first thing to escape her mouth .
` ` one thing i ' ve learned over the centuries .
whether the brother thing was the truth or a lie , aden did n't know .
perhaps not the wisest thing to admit .
just a few things - a book , sunglasses , and a little cash in case i needed to go all the way to riverton , which was the closest thing to human civilization in the area .
my parents told me i would grow into my looks , but that 's the kind of thing parents say .
` ` good thing , too , because that means he wo n't remember a thing tomorrow . ''
that was another thing they 'd told me countless times , and i expected my mother to agree automatically .
` ` hey , maybe he finally said the right thing and she 's making out with him right now . ''
i said the only thing that i thought might reassure him .
that was both the funniest and the saddest thing i 'd ever heard .
slowly i said , ` ` tell me one thing before i answer . ''
in the midst of all the lies , at last i had one thing that was true .
then he said the worst thing he could ' ve said .
` ` that 's the first stupid thing i ever heard you say .
i was prepared for her to pepper me with questions about why i was saying such a thing .
` ` there 's just one thing i want to say , okay ? ''
` ` but it 's not the same thing from your house .
it 's just - i miss you so bad , and we never get any other chance to talk about all this stuff , and the last thing i expected to hear tonight was that some other guy gets to spend lots of time with you when i do n't . ''
it was the only thing i truly knew about myself , the only thing i 'd ever known .
that was about the worst thing i could imagine .
the first thing lucas said when we were walking away from the crowd along the side of the road , sort of alone at last , was , ` ` how hungry are you ? ''
obviously we were both thinking the same thing : we should have expected this .
but what i thought of most was the last thing the wraith had said to me : the lies ca n't protect you much longer .
the first thing lucas said was , ` ` are you sure you 're not pregnant ? ''
that was the worst possible thing he could ' ve said .
i could n't believe he 'd said such a thing .
but already i could tell that he had n't heard the last thing i 'd said , and i did n't think he could see me .
` ` does the same thing apply to the jet brooch ?
the only thing i could think was , i ' m possessing someone .
but i did n't know any such thing .
the only thing i could think of to say was , ` ` now we know why vampires do n't drink wraiths ' blood . ''
i said the only thing i could : ` ` i love you . ''
you convince our daughter to leave her home and her parents and forsake the immortality that 's rightfully hers - her birthright - and she dies , she 's gone forever , and the only thing you can say is sorry ? ''
the only thing we ever wanted was to be together , and to live honestly without all the lies .
` ` third , and last , i want you to get one thing straight .
then she winced , obviously afraid that was a tactless thing to say to a dead person .
sometimes it was the last thing they said , even as the stake sank into them .
fear gripped me as i realized that the next thing he was going to say was something along the lines of ` ` you should be free . ''
instead of reminding them that i 'd been against this plan from the start sometimes ` ` i told you so '' is n't the best thing to say , even if later events have proved you totally correct - !
it was the only thing i had strength to say .
` ` the only thing i do n't like about being mortal means - i have to leave you .
and there was n't a damned thing she could do about it .
chapter eight ` ` do you remember that thing that went around about how gang members were going to beat up people at random , for , like , an initiation ?
` ` one thing you can always be sure of - any vampire 's life story has an unhappy ending . ''
that was a teacherish sort of thing to say , right ?
that was definitely a teacherish thing to say .
` ` until we meet again , skye , i 'd like you to remember one thing . ''
` ` sure thing , '' skye replied .
` ` i know , but - balthazar - i thought we- '' ` ` let 's get one thing clear .
he said the first thing that came to mind : ` ` how does clementine have lucas 's number , anyway ? ''
so there 's no such thing as ' redgrave 's side ' or ' our side . '
keith said , ` ` sure thing ! ''
` ` well , we agree on one thing .
homeroom was indeed tough to get through , but he managed to get the class talking among themselves about the crucible , which meant he was at least relieved of the burden of having to say one thing while his brain was thinking another .
` ` believe what you want , dylan , but be very clear on one thing . ''
cassie opened her mouth and said what was probably the most stupid thing she 'd ever uttered .
` ` i have one thing to add .
i dated a guy once - very briefly - who said the same thing until his friends found out and started to razz him about it .
saying he had no problem with her being a single mom was one thing .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing .
i thought my eyes were going to pop out of my head and for once , i could n't think of a thing to say .
in the hollywood sea of vampires with horrible accents , satchels full of graveyard dirt , and the ability to turn into bats - there was one thing they had gotten right : a vampire ca n't enter private premises without first being invited .
the sender had used a whole spool of tape and twine and addressed the thing simply to ` ` lashay . ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight , buddy .
` ` now let 's get one thing straight , '' she began , as i locked eyes with her and released a surge of power from low in my chest .
it was about the only thing he could have said to move me from that spot .
now , that was a weird thing to say .
` ` she committed suicide , '' i said , wondering why they would think such a thing .
` ` funny thing to call yourselves , '' tiffany murmured , gaze focused steadily on the world passing them by .
` ` do feel free to call on me , charming thing that you are .
no one said a thing as she strode over to her fallen chair to pick up her purse - now spattered with caviar and crumbled bits of cracker - and stalked out , not looking back .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about me , vera , and do n't pretend otherwise .
that meant only one thing , since i 'd run out of food and money in the cottage .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , wolf . ''
how much easier it would have made things to know that i had siblings going through the same thing .
she moved in closer and now i could feel her warmth , which was an odd thing to say about a discarnate entity .
as i grinned , and as conn thought up the next witty thing he had to say , two things happened : one , i linked up to him almost immediately ; meaning , he and i were now deeply connected , although he did n't know it .
` ` that 's a very zen thing to say , '' i said .
smithy blinked exactly three times over a course of about a minute , before he said , ` ` that might have been the craziest thing i ' ve ever heard , but ... '' he paused .
` ` now , that 's not a very nice thing to say to a woman , '' she said .
one thing i was certain of : those were n't the eyes of the king .
another thing that i chose to ignore .
i hear the darn thing every single night .
that was the craziest thing judd had ever heard , and panic ripped through him .
` ` i ' m not the only one who hears this thing .
they would tell me the same thing .
i may not have known what lived in me , and i may not have known the dark lineage of my blood , but i knew one thing for fucking sure .
a moment later , his message appeared : promise me one thing , moon dance .
` ` what an odd thing to say to a girl , '' i said , keeping my eyes on the hemoglobin - filled goblet .
by calling me , even accidentally , she had assured herself of one thing : a private investigating psychic vampire mommy who was going to find her .
` ` it 's the only thing that made sense .
` ` just tell me one thing , sam : do you kill people for blood ? ''
` ` that thing you said about not worrying . ''
which is an odd thing to say about a serial killer . ''
` ` but i can tell you one thing . ''
` ` says the same thing in my file , '' i said .
` ` maybe i do n't , but i know one thing , sam : you need help .
` ` baby , when it 's love , there is no such thing as cheesy . ''
` ` now , that was a sweet thing to say , '' i said .
but i was suddenly sure of one thing .
` ` is that a politically correct thing to say ? ''
i was n't sure if it was the funniest thing i 'd ever heard , but it was definitely a tension breaker for me .
` ` no theories yet , detective , but i am sure of one thing . ''
now that just might be the sweetest thing a giant , flying bat has ever said to me .
danny did get one thing right : he got us a big back yard , which had proved to be kinda fun , back when we were a real family .
` ` that was a rude thing to say , sam .
the thing i had been hoping to see .
jordan wanted to scoff at such a thing , but he could n't find the words .
now it meant only one thing .
` ` sure thing , doc . ''
that could mean only one thing ...
a quick look at jordan and rhun told her that they were thinking the same thing .
` ` that 's the stupidest f**king thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` town , colony , i think they mean the same thing . ''
sylas glances at me , and i can tell he 's thinking the same thing , waiting to see what i tell mathew .
a lanky man asks , glancing around at the crowd who are all intently listening to him , ready to believe the next thing out of his mouth .
the rest shout out the same thing and then people start to climb up the walls with knives and swords in their hands , lining the top of the wall with their bodies .
i hate being the one to tell him the thing that will make him feel that way .
and if you say the wrong thing , you can end up making a promise you did n't intend to make . ''
` ` did you say the wrong thing ?
` ` i want one more thing . ''
it might be the sweetest thing he has ever said to me .
such a normal thing to say yet it feels so abnormal .
` ` my dad said the same thing to me , '' i say .
it gets quiet again , but a different kind of quiet , one where i know they 're all thinking the same thing , but too afraid to say it .
` ` laylen can protect me just as much as you can , '' i tell him , which is clearly the wrong thing to say .
` ` but there 's one thing i do n't understand ... . how is it that you 're marked and yet you could tell us all those things that day - about the ending of the world ?
i feel extremely uncomfortable as i try to figure out the right thing to say .
perhaps my father was once like me , said the same thing as me , but time changes people .
right now , all i knew was that the a - list crowd liked to write derogatory things on people 's lockers , that they had it out for my one and only friend at this high school , and that i was an unknown entity who had just flung herself onto their radar .
that was the clearest thing the little interloper had said since the ice rink - like i needed a reminder that i was different .
if i 'd had more practice with the whole ` ` friend '' thing , maybe i would have known what to say or do next , but i did n't .
` ` it 's like this ... '' if explaining the whole ` ` every other day '' thing was hard , trying to tell them that being bitten had given me a psychic bond with another person - who 'd also been bitten - was darn near impossible , but i gave it my best shot .
she still had her mother to think about , and if one thing was perfectly , crystalline clear , it was that i could take care of myself .
` ` you know , '' i replied , half joking and half not , ` ` that might be the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
the fact that i was walking around when they 'd left me for dead on the side of the road seemed like the kind of thing their type would take as an insult , but their faces remained completely impassive .
the only thing i was sure about was that in another four hours , i would be human again .
that did n't sound like the kind of thing you would offer a murderer , but the last time she 'd seen me , she and elliot had woken from a trance to find skylar dead .
estranged lovers sounded so formal , so doom - and - gloom , but i supposed that was the closest thing to the truth .
i never quite got used to the stench and sizzle of burning flesh , but those things might as well have been mab 's perfume and anthem , as often as i smelled and heard them over the years .
i could n't say the same thing about jonah mcallister , though .
i knew it was the wrong thing to say , but i could n't stop myself from asking the question .
since people 's emotions and actions sink into their surroundings , especially stone , over time , tuning into those vibrations could tell me a number of things , from the temperament of a person living in a house to whether a murder had taken place on the premises .
sexiest damn thing i 'd ever heard .
the same thing i was .
alexis had kept her word about one thing , at least .
the one thing i wish the old man had n't taught me .
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i ' ve been saying for two months now .
we find out what tobias dawson 's doing , and what 's the first thing out of your mouth ?
i was planning to deal with mab myself after i figured out a few things , like why she 'd murdered my family in the first place and where my long - lost baby sister , bria , was now .
the vamp had spilled her guts to me , held nothing back , but there was still one more thing i wanted to know .
and if there was one thing i 'd learned during my years as the spider , it was that the universe always conspired to f**k up the best - laid plans of mice , men , and most especially , assassins .
an odd thing to say , given my revelation , but i clinked my glass against his and took a sip of the gin .
there was only one thing i could say to comfort roslyn , only one promise i could make to her that would mean a f**king thing .
there was only one thing i could say to comfort roslyn , only one promise i could make to her that would mean a f**king thing .
` ` it says the same thing that it 's always said - that slater is one tough customer . ''
but fletcher lane had also taught his son a thing or two about being invisible , and i did n't spot finn among the tangled trees .
well , the mysterious magda had gotten one thing right .
such a small , simple thing , but it made my heart twist all the same .
it seemed that was the only thing i could say .
maybe even go up north and show them yankees a thing or two about how to have a good time . ''
the bartender did n't owe me a thing for saving his daughter , not one damn thing .
finally , i found the thing that i was dreading most .
the sweet smell of her perfume was the last thing that i remembered before the world went black .
` ` you know you want to tell me every little thing that you know about what 's going on with mab since i did n't manage to kill her last night . ''
the thing that you could n't dare tell me over the phone ?
i do n't think there is such a thing as too much . ''
the silence told me nothing - not one damn thing .
she 'll tell you the same thing .
but the most important thing he told me was this - that if anyone could kill mab , it was you .
genevieve snow , gin blanco , the spider ; whatever i called myself , one thing remained the same - fletcher lane had fiercely loved me , and i 'd loved the old man just as much in return .
` ` there 's one thing that i have to ask you . ''
` ` i would say the same thing about you , gentry .
but i could n't make bria understand that , any more than i 'd been able to make donovan realize the same thing back in ashland .
i 'd felt the same thing the night bria had been kidnapped and taken to mab .
` ` you may have the winning hand right now , but i 'll tell you the same thing i told your man pete before i dumped his body in the pool .
if you have n't heard of me , well , you should know one thing - i never , ever go back on my word . ''
maybe it was gruesome of me , but the familiar sensation told me one thing - that i was still alive and my enemy was n't .
to realize that owen had been preoccupied because of salina - and that my lover had n't told me the first thing about her until forced to tonight .
that look told me that the casino boss knew exactly who had done this and why - things i planned on asking him just as soon as i got eva and violet to safety .
i 'd opened up my heart to him in a way that i had n't to anyone ever before , and i 'd wanted to be the same thing for him .
as i stared into her face , i wondered if she really realized what she was asking me to do - and how her simply asking such a thing would affect her more than she realized .
` ` i could say the same thing about you .
i 'd jokingly said that sort of thing myself more than once , and i wondered if she was mocking me .
i could tell cooper a thing or two about troubled times .
that 's not the kind of thing a person forgets .
i 'll ask you the same thing i did owen .
` ` no , it 's not the same thing .
can you tell me you have n't thought the same thing ?
have n't dreamed the same thing ?
kincaid yelled the same thing i had and started shoving his way over to the bar .
only one thing echoed in my head again and again .
not the worst thing you ' ve shown me today .
` ` sure thing , aunt clem . ''
i did n't want to say the wrong thing and tip off clementine that someone was running around the museum murdering her men , but i still needed a few more minutes of anonymity before i made my presence known .
` ` sure thing , baby sister .
` ` i ' m not telling you a thing , not one damn thing . ''
` ` that 's funny , because i was thinking the exact same thing about you .
but words meant one thing in the middle of a life - or - death battle and sometimes quite another after the fighting was done .
` ` i ' m not telling you a damn thing . ''
they were thinking the same thing that i was , that it would n't be long before grimes came back for them again .
i had started to say normal , but that was n't the right thing to say , because we would n't be back to that for a long time , if ever .
it was more or less the same thing that he 'd told me that night in the forest by the fire .
i had n't asked him to do any of that - not one single thing - but he 'd done it all anyway .
because vaughn was rapidly running out of dining options in this part of town , unless he was in the mood for one thing in particular .
my world shattered with every single cruel thing he said .
` ` i ' m not telling you a damn thing , you black - hearted son of a bitch , '' i growled back .
` ` just promise me one thing : that you and dad will sit down and plan how to take him out , okay ?
porter shifted on his feet , and the guilty look on his face told me that he 'd thought the same thing more than once .
sebastian had said that i was good at keeping secrets , and i realized that i still had one card left to play , one secret that i had n't told him , one thing that he had n't guessed about me like he had everything else .
still , there was one more thing i wanted to tell her .
she opened her mouth , but her phone started ringing , saving us both from whatever harsh thing she 'd been about to say .
i 'd thought the same thing , although i would never say so out loud .
it was the first time i 'd seen him show any real emotion , other than twisted pleasure , so i decided to lash out with the only thing i could : words .
if i say the wrong thing , she 'll be dashing down to the ley line in minutes . ''
` ` did you like the thing i left for you ? ''
i remember the first thing you ever said to me .
with my luck , the next thing to come out of his mouth would be something crazy , like unicorn lane ... ` ` in unicorn - ` ` i held my hand out .
it was the same thing that went through my mind when i saw a feat of expert bladework : could i have done that ?
but even if you had the most useless power in the world , even if all you could do was to make a fart sound with a flick of your fingers , i would still tell you the same thing .
that was n't a good thing to say .
` ` precisely the thing jennifer said when i tried to put stitches on the cut across her buttock .
why was n't i wondering the same thing about him ?
` ` seemed like the right thing to say . ''
karina opened her mouth and said the only thing she could think of .
he said it like it was the most obvious thing is the world .
i raised an eyebrow at that last thing .
` ` the first thing they teach all mage youth is that magic must always be used with caution .
` ` let 's get back to that thing you said about zapping me , '' he said to adam .
if you 'd asked me back in the car , i 'd have guessed the same thing myself .
as long as i ' ve known her , she 's never said a bad thing about anyone . ''
i was n't sure how the maisie thing was going to shake out , but i did know one thing : no one messed with my demon .
` ` did you get a chance to talk to rhea about the familiar thing ? ''
` ` i ' ve never seen one in person before , but i ' ve heard the same thing . ''
i 'd heard no such thing , of course .
because if she shot me , i 'd survive and get a chance to teach this little bitch a thing or two about harbingers of death .
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
her smile gave me a feeling i would n't like the next thing out of her mouth .
if i 'd learned one thing , it was that killing people who annoyed me generally created more problems than it solved .
i do n't know the first thing about using those powers and you know it . ''
i knew he was recalling the same thing i 'd remembered .
` ` that 's interesting coming from a member of a secret society that ignores that whole ' thou shalt not kill ' thing . ''
i knew one thing : the mere thought of adam dying made me want to scream .
but as i turned away , i knew one thing : letting maisie kill lavinia had been the right choice .
but i knew one thing : i could n't go back to that life of constant uncertainty and violence .
i knew one thing with crystalline clarity : whatever made that horrible sound was hunting me .
` ` orpheus , can you believe mr . malone had the nerve to say such a thing ? ''
i knew that the next thing out of my mouth was going to cause a scene , but i had to put the theory out there .
hell , had n't slade said the same thing ?
i stood to go , but i had one more thing to say .
` ` that is n't the same thing at all- '' ` ` bullshit , '' giguhl coughed into his claw .
` ` the only thing i ' m confident of is that you 're a sadistic hose beast . ''
whether she 'd made up the whole thing or left something important out , i did n't know .
had n't asclepius said the same thing , although in less gracious terms ?
i ignored that because the next thing i had to report canceled out the miraculous bit .
` ` sabina , what was the first thing i taught you about magic ? ''
` ` besides a handful of crappy photos , you do n't know the first thing about who i am or how i feel . ''
` ` but even if i did n't , i would still tell you the same thing .
` ` do you remember the red stalker thing ?
` ` i ' ve often wondered the same thing .
i had promised him the same thing , and now i had to play by the rules .
he would n't have done it if he were n't certain of the only thing my blood would tell him : i was his boss 's daughter .
` ` i have hope for you , so i tell you the same thing i told your father .
he did n't like me much , but we respected each other and since mahon was the closest thing curran had to a father , both mahon and i went out of our way to remain civil .
` ` he says the same thing : scales , red eyes , tail .
he 's usually very careful with what he says , but he was tired that day and he said the first polite congratulatory thing that popped into his head .
` ` managed to pick up a few things past them , like how he believes dousing himself in cologne will negate a vampire 's ability to scent his emotions and that he despised don .
he 'd said much the same thing about me once .
` ` i do n't think so , either , but the last thing she said to me was if we revealed to anyone that you were able to siphon powers from ghouls , or that you 'd drunk her blood , she 'd kill the pair of us .
i repeated that to fabian , still feeling weird over how he seemed to wait for me to say the same thing before reacting to it .
` ` no , it 's not , because they 'd probably just cut off dave 's head and run before asking him even one thing , '' i shot back .
and i heard the other thing he did n't say , but it echoed across my mind with more clarity than i thought i could stand .
such an odd thing for her to ask .
she 'd never let such a thing slide , especially with witnesses .
they were n't kidding about the whole ` ` until death do you part '' thing .
` ` i - i meant ... in my dreams , the one thing i can remember is this vampire telling me ' he is not your husband . '
` ` what was the last thing marie said to you ? ''
so i 'd been waiting , dwelling on every awful thing he 'd said to me , and worse , how most of it was true .
he might have told me the same thing to my face had i met with him .
i did n't say aloud the thing that made my heart ache with dread .
` ` i 'll need time to prepare him for the transition , and let 's get one thing clear straightaway . ''
being confronted with the reality that what she 'd fervently believed for twenty - eight years might be wrong was a hard thing for anyone to swallow .
` ` justina , i believe that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
it was the first sincere , appreciative thing i 'd said to him .
this had to be the weirdest thing i 'd ever heard .
i know you 'll punish me as an example , yet i ask one thing ... '' ` ` you 'd dare ask me for anything ? ''
` ` i ca n't offer you any comfort in this but one , single thing : a quick death for patra .
but she could n't say that , nor could she tell him the other thing that was constantly on the tip of her tongue - that she 'd rather marry al capone 's corpse than him .
` ` sure thing , '' he responded with a lazy wave .
but before you do , i 'll say one thing about chance : do n't think the world contains only what you ' ve been taught at school .
i ' ve lived too long not to recognize what a rare thing this is between us , but there are certain things about me you need to know before we go further . ''
` ` sure thing , bud .
` ` sure thing , '' they chorused .
i do n't care if you are , but the ' no ' on the boyfriend thing was so strong , it begs the question . ''
` ` do you realize that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me ? ''
` ` knew you 'd think such a thing .
it was the same thing we 'd heard from lola and charlie , so no real shocker there , but what she did relay in her most recent surreptitious phone call was noteworthy .
he was so careful to stay within the boundaries i 'd set for him , whereas i certainly could n't say the same thing .
well , that was certainly one thing i could comply with .
the sudden glowing of eyes to green , fangs protruding , incredible strength and speed , things she never could have heard anywhere else .
i 'd smiled and nodded through the whole thing , but i had n't told him about my tree house in the woods outside the monroe mansion .
but the most telling thing was that there were no security cameras anywhere .
i think we can get out of here before they see us- '' i should have known better than to even think such a thing , much less say it out loud .
this was the heart of madeline 's speech , the thing that would impact every single person here , and they all knew it .
i froze and blurted the first thing that came to mind .
` ` funny , i heard the same thing about the badass wolf bitch , queen ruckler , '' king zeller , ezra , rumbled quietly .
i did n't know there was such a thing as ' trained ' and ' untrained ' where mind holds were concerned , but i did n't honestly care .
` ` so be it , '' i whispered - the only thing i could say before closing my eyes , attempting to block out everyone .
but there was one thing i had to know .
` ` that 'll be the only thing i ask nicely . ''
ezra 's hand halted in trying to get it back , and his gaze slammed to her , apparently hearing the same thing .
` ` i think i can probably recite the whole damn thing , we watched it so many times . ''
` ` that 's the first thing you ' ve said since we left . ''
a pause , then a half - frenzied , gravelly chuckle sounded from him , which he tried to contain as he muttered quietly , ` ` the no condom thing makes sense now . ''
` ` you know , i ' ve often thought the same thing about your vampire nose . ''
` ` you all thought the same thing .
someone was yelling and the only thing i could make out was my name .
i met ray 's eyes and they echoed the same thing .
` ` so to get the prince to play along , the scriptures you altered must state that if i come to hell the prince will keep his rule - or some such thing . ''
none of us had ever guessed such a thing .
or predicted such a thing ?
that 's the craziest thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` wait , there 's one more thing i need to share with you before you go . ''
i guess nymphs are only second in heavy artillery to the witches or some such thing ?
before the interrogation starts , i have one more thing to tell you . ''
` ` this thing is n't spelled !
my agreement to provide services to the vamps had not been an easy thing to tell him after we 'd left selene 's lair .
` ` if james went after your secretary , and left his pack willingly in a time of war , that can mean only one thing , '' he said , his voice firm .
` ` that 's poetic justice coming from you , '' i chuckled , turning toward danny , ` ` since i ' m the one usually telling you the very same thing . ''
` ` no one would come out and admit such a thing , but there is a grudging respect given to him by all vampires .
i did n't want to ask myself such a thing , because there was no way to undo my mistake .
` ` but before we start moving we need to set one thing straight .
i told your imp the same thing .
or they spelled the entire thing .
` ` and that can mean only one thing . ''
i ' m sure james will play along ; he 's a good guy , even though that 's the funniest thing i ' ve heard in a long time .
she was hearing one thing from her pal , and another in her head .
` ` you knew what was happening - what had been happening to us all day - and you did n't say a damn thing . ''
the same thing had happened with selene 's freaky red lines .
but you have to promise me one thing : the next time you hear any noises , please call first .
they 'll think i ' m just masking it or using my witch talents or some such thing . ''
the only thing running through my mind on the way down was that wolves hated to swim , but i did n't .
she stared at him , thinking what an odd thing that was for a man to say to a woman .
it had been a flattering , romantic thing for him to say , even if it was a lot of poppycock .
no , there 's no such thing . ''
` ` sure thing , '' bobbie sue said .
where on earth did you hear such a thing ? ''
kari clapped her hand over her mouth , wondering what had possessed her to say such a thing .
even though the thought had crossed her mind , it was the last thing she had expected him to say .
she wished she could say the same thing , but she spent more time watching him than paying attention to what cards had been played .
if he had learned one thing in the past two weeks , it was that his existence was n't worth living if he could n't share it with her .
judging by the look in his eyes , he was remembering the same thing .
` ` i think that 's the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
she had told ronan she was sleepy and the next thing she remembered was waking up in her bed .
that was the one thing he knew he could never live with .
the one thing she was adamant about was sleeping in a casket .
but then , sometimes luck was the best thing a man could hope for .
she glanced at her car , wondering how long it would take her to get to the curb and climb inside , because if there was one thing she did n't want to do , it was get between two angry vampires .
` ` the whole garlic thing is just a myth . ''
she searched her mind for something to break the silence and said the first thing that popped into her head .
he knew what she was thinking because he was thinking the same thing .
she replied , as if that were the most ridiculous thing she had ever heard .
the only other thing she could think of was that her mother was sick , dead , dying ... .
what kind of heartless , thoughtless monster was he , to say such a thing out loud ?
that was a rotten thing for me to say .
of all the things he might have said , that was the last thing daisy had expected to hear .
of all the things he might have said , that was the last thing daisy had expected to hear .
how could he know such a thing ? ''
in his gut , he knew those three words could mean only one thing .
the one thing he did believe in - the one thing he feared - was the existence of a supreme being .
the one thing he did believe in - the one thing he feared - was the existence of a supreme being .
they all say the same thing .
how could she sleep through such a thing ?
` ` the same thing i always say , '' she replied with a saucy grin .
` ` sure thing , '' kaitlyn said .
there was no such thing as coincidence .
that could mean only one thing , but it was hard to feel sympathy for a man who had pointed a gun at her .
` ` kaitlyn , what a terrible thing to say about your father ! ''
` ` i was told pretty much the same thing when the wolf allowed me to ask ms . corbyn a few questions while she was in the hospital , '' lorenzo replied .
or maybe she was more focused now on saying the right thing so nathan would get off the counter before he slipped and hurt himself .
` ` you have n't heard a thing i ' ve said in the past couple of minutes . ''
ask or order , it amounted to the same thing : the courtyard 's business area was closed to everyone but the members of the business association and whoever else was attending the meeting .
my brother is attending the tech college , and he 's heard the same thing . ''
but he suspected the thing most of them would share when they returned to their home territories was the story of the exploding fluffballs who used nothing but a teakettle and broom to save a wolf from an evil human .
when i saw you , it was the first thing that popped into my head . ''
but before he told meg , he needed to say one more thing .
blair did n't say another thing until he pulled up at the green complex .
` ` my fiancee says the same thing .
the others did n't understand the story either , but they all agreed on one thing : there was n't a single chick in the whole movie .
it was just the first thing that popped into her head .
but there was one thing she needed to know .
` ` della pretty much told him the same thing .
she wished she knew the right thing to say .
the thing she did n't tell him was about jenny being hayden yates 's sister .
` ` okay , let 's get one thing straight , '' burnett said , getting things started .
and i think the whole head thing was because i started ignoring her .
kylie was n't convinced , and apparently neither was holiday , who repeated the same thing over and over again as if to persuade herself .
` ` the thing about you needing to forgive lucas . ''
kylie thought , knowing perry had said the wrong thing .
she knew they were all thinking the same thing .
her lips opened , but nothing , not a thing , came out .
but she went with the first thing she thought of .
time does n't mean the same thing in the spirit world . ''
` ` i 'll help you any way i can , '' kylie said , remembering holiday saying the same thing about very few non - humans hanging around after they died .
and damn if kylie was n't thinking the same thing .
` ` yes , i think somehow these two things mean the same thing .
okay , the only thing that came out of that mental debate was knowing that she did n't want lucas to think she was jealous .
that could only mean one thing : rogues .
* * * it 's not the same thing .
` ` i just keep getting the same thing .
` ` at this particular moment , i ca n't think of one single thing that 's okay . ''
to face the unknown alone was one thing .
and if i may add one little thing , if you keep this not - a - witch front up , you 're really going to hurt miranda 's feelings .
` ` sorry , but the whole ' i ' m a lizard ' thing sounds crazy .
miranda was good at blurting out the wrong thing at the wrong times .
` ` she told me the same thing , '' he muttered .
nope , that did n't sound like the right thing to say .
not that she did n't love that he cared enough to protect her , but the last thing she wanted to have to do was explain his eye color to her stepdad , her mom , and the man who was having sex with her mom .
had he told hannah and the other two girls the same thing ?
the only thing holiday had told burnett was that she had to deal with this .
that 's the same thing . ''
finally putting her milk down , she looked at miranda and said the first thing that came to her mind .
it 's the same thing that happened to a lot of minority groups .
for some reason , kylie remembered derek saying pretty much the same thing .
kylie answered , throwing out the first thing that came to her mind , but her gut knotted with a strange suspicion .
` ` same thing , '' sara said .
the warm sensation filling kylie 's chest reminded her of the feeling she got at the falls , and she knew it had been the right thing to say .
kylie tossed out the first thing she could think of to change the subject .
but if there is one thing i ' m certain about , it 's that you are not human , kylie .
it was part of the ceremony , '' he said , and she got the feeling he was trying hard to say the right thing .
you seem to know what i ' m feeling , always manage to say the right thing . ''
kylie did want to talk to holiday , yet she sensed the camp leader would tell kylie the same thing she always did .
kylie 's breath caught , and while it was the last thing kylie wanted to think , her mind took her there .
it was the first thing chan explained about the supernatural world to me .
yeah , kylie 's mom had sort of said the same thing , but kylie did n't buy it .
chances are , they are just powerful ghosts , '' kylie said , repeating another thing holiday had said .
` ` della said the same thing .
i mean ... liking you is one thing .
which kylie realized was another thing she never thought she 'd ever catch herself thinking where her mom was concerned .
` ` the last thing you asked me this afternoon was if i wanted sex .
the pi thing did n't sound like the answer anymore .
the only thing that came out of kylie 's mouth was a gasp .
` ` if anyone says one thing about what went down out at the swimming hole , i 'll be the first to tell them how the cow ate the cabbage . ''
they all say the same thing , ' it 's not a big deal .
caught off guard by the blue twinkle in his eyes , she said the first thing that came to her mind .
her heart clutched when she realized this was basically the same thing derek had told her .
the only thing lucas said was that derek was an idiot .
` ` did i not ask you the same thing ? ''
o ... kay , at least one thing was clear , it could n't get any weirder .
she glanced at del a and offered her the only thing she could .
sitting at the smal desk off the kitchen , she reread the e - mail she 'd just written , wondering if she should click send or delete the whole thing .
somehow , she knew he was thinking the same thing she was - about how close they had been to each other .
` ` he asked for one thing , one promise .
it was n't the same thing , but in some smal way , it almost felt like it was .
she had n't ever known real hunger or thirst , but this ... the feeling that said if she did n't finish what was in that cup right now she might die , had to be closest thing she 'd ever experienced .
scared of where all of this was going to end , but the one thing she knew , the one thing she felt certain of was ... steve .
scared of where all of this was going to end , but the one thing she knew , the one thing she felt certain of was ... steve .
the chameleon always knew what to say , while della always said the wrong thing .
della always said the wrong thing .
della bellowed , saying the first thing that came to her mind , and from the expression in miranda 's eyes , perhaps it was the wrong thing .
della debated not telling , but realized this was exactly the kind of thing they shared .
della shrugged , but did n't answer , too busy studying what was happening in the other room in hopes of learning a thing or two .
` ` i just have to ask one other thing , '' he said .
it was the first positive thing chase had said about the fru , and she could n't help but wonder if he was n't coming around .
she knew who she wanted and needed to see right now - a certain shape - shifter who always said the right thing but chances were , he was n't here yet .
she did n't ask , because that would be the only thing that made sense .
` ` i ' m not sleeping with steve , '' she said first thing , deciding to make that clear from the get - go .
hell , just this morning she 'd brought jenny to tears by saying the wrong thing .
della had a vague memory of saying almost the same thing to miranda .
` ` i think she just accused you of the same thing , '' holiday said .
kylie flinched as if realizing she 'd said the wrong thing .
and i bet slave owners said the same thing in the eighteen hundreds .
` ` holiday sort of said the same thing , '' kylie added .
della forced herself to say the right thing .
she 'd asked herself the same thing and came up empty .
the only thing she got out was ` ` dr . whitman 's office . ''
that 's was the only thing that made sense .
she pretended as if everyone 's palm told bad things .
` ` it 's the same thing the fortune - teller said . ''
that was the last thing chase heard before everything went dark .
you 'll be weak for a few more days and then ... then i 'll show you a thing or two about what you can do now . ''
samuel took a step back , horrified that jean - pierre would accuse him of such a thing .
you might surprise yourself and the one thing i can tell you is that you 'll have a different role in this world going forward , one completely unexpected .
though the one thing i can tell you is to go with your gut .
` ` just tell me one thing : how are you going to get a weapon away from a goddamn wrecker ? ''
vela turned to samuel because they 'd each said the same thing at the same time .
` ` well , let me tell you one other thing .
was the last thing he heard as he made his way out of the house and towards the hospital for more answers .
she could n't help but think how handsome thing guy was as she looked up at him into his light blue eyes .
the taste of this elk was the best thing she 'd tasted in a long time and she knew she wanted more .
last thing you said to me was that you fell in love with some new buy named benji .
` ` do n't say such a thing ! ''
she did n't want to offend benji or ask the wrong thing .
devon had just realized the same thing that she had .
cassie could only hope the same thing as she stepped up to the kitchen door .
it seemed like such an inadequate thing to say but she had no other words for him .
though he knew that was an impossible thing to ask for .
that was the only thing that cassie could think and see now .
the need that radiated from him warmed her heart , caused her toes to curl , and made every scary thing about her decision completely right .
she tried to keep silent through the tortures , tried to hold devon 's image close to her in order to get through each new thing they came up with for her .
and if there was one thing she was not ready to do , it was die .
it seemed like such an odd thing to say , but then again it was a big night , for most people at least .
he tried to blame it on the demon inside him , but he knew that the man was thinking the same thing .
it was the sweetest thing anyone had ever said to her , and though it sounded like a pickup line , his tone rang with sincerity and truth .
cassie rolled her eyes , but she had to admit she had wondered the same thing .
our children will know no such thing . ''
if there was one thing he knew for certain , no vampire came back from having their head ripped off .
braith 's jaw clenched , his hands fisted at the reminder his father had even had a chance to tell her such a thing .
they may have kept things from you , but even you admit you were in the wrong place at the wrong time when you were blinded .
it was the last thing that she ever wanted him to think .
` ` max ... '' ` ` tell max the same thing . ''
the last thing he said to her was an acknowledgment of her insult : when it comes to risking your life , yes , yes , godammit , yes , i am , victoria .
` ` where on earth did you hear such a thing ? ''
` ` i wondered the same thing , but then i understood , '' sebastian said , almost gently .
` ` there 's one other thing you must understand .
her voice was rough with slumber , and she was n't quite certain why she said such a provocative thing ... unless it was because there was nothing else one could say to a man who sneaked into one 's bedchamber in the hours just before dawn .
he had one more thing to say .
` ` i never heard o'such a thing , '' she muttered as she bustled about , pulling forth a clean chemise and a new corset for her mistress .
it 's not as though he and rockley - your rockley- were brothers or any such thing .
how many times had she wondered the same thing ?
` ` there 's one thing you 're forgetting . ''
that was the wrong thing to say ; she realized it as soon as the words came out .
she 'd said nearly the same thing to sebastian only months ago .
dear god , lilith had said nearly the same thing .
and how dared he say such a thing ?
why would he hide such a thing from her ?
` ` i was just about to say , before you interrupted me , that very thing . ''
` ` my amore has said the same thing . ''
max , who would never have asked such a thing of me if he 'd had any other choice - which , of course , he did not .
i wondered the same thing myself .
` ` i have been wondering the same thing about you . ''
the wind stopped as she neared the top , and you have to understand one thing about the climate out on the apron at jfk : the wind never stops .
that thing people say to you , after you shiver : someone just walked over your grave .
zack realized , with a start , that this was exactly the sort of thing his dad would have said if he were here .
eph said , ` ` this one thing was . ''
that thing coming out of his mouth - i cut up that shit . ''
` ` that thing you said , '' she said .
this was the fronzy that compolled hor ; a virus knows only ono thing : that it must infoct .
his point was , what if those things aro n't just suporstitionsi what if thoy are diroctly rolatodi not soparato foars linked by our subconscious -- but what if thoy have actual roots in our pasti in othor words , what if those aro n't common mythsi what if thoy are common truthsi '' oph found it difficult to procoss thoory down in the undorbolly of the bosioged city .
a fathor 's lovo -- my lovo for you , z -- it 's the strongost thing in my life , absolutoly it is .
what is the ono thing i have rofused youi the ono thing you asked for that i doclined to allowi ` ` a loaded gun . ''
and now i have ono othor vory important thing to say .
tho malo voico said , ` ` no such thing . ''
i ' m not giving dad another thing .
half the community is outside your house , though , and all of 'em are asking the same thing .
` ` that 's the best thing i ' ve heard today , '' trajan nodded .
` ` that can only mean one thing , '' rabis bowed low .
` ` that would mean one thing , but he 's not human . ''
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' adele said .
that was n't the best thing to say to ashe after being quarantined for three days .
ashe heard a voice on the other end , saying the same thing he 'd just explained to winkler .
` ` did n't director jennings say the same thing ?
* * * ` ` i heard the whole thing , dude ; that frasier guy said your dad threatened him .
` ` mom says the same thing , '' sali grumped .
ashe wondered if sali 's mom was telling his mother the same thing .
the one thing he could say was at least the trash was emptied and the floor looked clean again .
radomir nodded to aedan and then checked adele over himself , sighing and saying the same thing mr . winkler had .
` ` chad 's been suspended for a week - three people said the same thing you did ; that chad started it and then punched you . ''
i heard uncle tony and uncle rigo say the same thing earlier . ''
` ` well , this means one thing , '' i said .
and the fact that belen had blinded griffin to wyatt 's future meant one thing to me - that something in wyatt 's future might convince griffin to interfere again .
yeah , i felt awkward over the whole thing .
` ` i would not ask such a thing . ''
` ` dariff just shakes his head in confusion over the whole thing . ''
` ` i 'll tell you the whole thing someday .
` ` she once told me much the same thing she told you just now , and that was after i was almost ordered to kill her by the vampire council .
` ` lissa beth , i want you to remind me next time that it 's a damn good thing you do n't listen to a single thing i say . ''
he says all hands and the cook need to go to the council meeting , in case we meet with resistance on the no - compulsion - on - your - mate thing . ''
roff had gone back to my suite with me earlier , never said a thing and lay down beside me while i stared at the ceiling .
` ` and you still have n't explained what the worst thing was - what you said before . ''
i asked , first thing .
crane asked , first thing .
we sat there on the riverbank for a long time - reemagar and i , not saying a single thing .
now , scents were everywhere , telling me things i needed to know as often as not .
charles told him to keep the information to himself about what i could do and instructed that he tell ken white the same thing .
tony , i learned , was thinking the same thing .
` ` cara , that is the first time you have said such a thing to me . ''
the man snorted as if that was the last thing he might believe .
the only nice thing i could say about them is that at least they had n't called me leech , bloodsucker or f**king vampire .
charles had n't paused for breath , getting the whole thing out as quickly as he could .
hepturna kandith says the same thing , and he was on orliff , where a similar strategy was employed . ''
even several highly placed government officials came out and said the same thing .
` ` lissa , you are not a queen , '' wlodek said , first thing .
franklin was wondering the same thing ; he just did n't say what he was thinking and held my hand tightly as i slipped off the bed .
` ` he never did get his yelling done over the whole i ' m getting a suntan thing , '' i joked .
someday i wanted to go to las vegas , because i ' ve heard the same thing about it .
the note from weldon said close to the same thing , adding that i 'd be hearing from the sacramento pack soon .
both said nearly the same thing .
i opened winkler 's email next ; it was nearly the same thing except that he was busy cursing kellee in every other sentence .
gavin 's cell rolled right into his voice mail so i told him pretty much the same thing .
he did n't say another thing on the drive home .
` ` please tell me the italian guy did n't say the same thing . ''
` ` he 's not your type , '' gavin said , right at the moment i said almost the same thing .
` ` griffin says the same thing . ''
` ` winkler 's lawyers are as busy as ants , right now , '' he said , first thing .
that spelled out one thing to me - another vampire had placed compulsion and he was a stronger vampire .
` ` you probably need to get rid of the cadillac , '' i said , first thing .
` ` i 'd like to ask you the same thing , '' i said .
okay , he and i were n't talking about the same thing .
i ' m sure the vampire manual , if there were such a thing , would say to trust nobody and always be on your guard .
i 'd wondered several times over the past week whether the walking into the sun thing was true and how painful it would be if i did it .
gavin was still in silent movie mode ; i heard davis telling him the same thing out in the hall .
that probably was n't a wise thing to say in front of the boss .
franklin shook his head in confusion over the whole thing .
gavin and i had heard charles say the same thing , off in the distance .
kayleigh said the pills made you nothing , and nothing seems like a pretty good thing to be right now .
i only know one thing for certain .
it 's just one more thing eldest is keeping from me .
i do n't want my parents to feel the same thing .
it was such a stupid thing to say that all three of us just laughed and laughed .
doc 's jaw juts forward , biting back whatever chutzy thing he was going to mouth off to eldest .
but it does n't seem like the kind of thing i should say aloud .
but i do know one thing : if it is him , and he 's got the entire ship blindly following him like this , there 's no chance i can stand against him .
i know it 's a weird question , but it was the first thing i could think of .
there is one thing i know for sure : i will find out whatever secret it is that eldest is so determined to keep , and when i do , i ' m going to shout it from the rooftops .
if i have learned one thing from eldest today , it is this : losing my temper will make me look foolish and childish .
this - sitting on the floor of the cryo level and staring up at my frozen parents and remembering one more thing i miss - is the closest i can come to prayer now .
i do n't have to look at him to know we 're both thinking the same thing : everything changed after kayleigh died .
this '' -she jabs a finger at the vid screen- '' might be the closest thing to truth we 'll ever get from him . ''
this was not the right thing to say .
and while i do n't know for sure what he means , i do know one thing : that little square bedroom in the ward may be where i sleep every night , but it is not my home .
you have to be asking yourself the same thing i asked eldest : if we are on a peaceful , exploratory mission like eldest said - why are we armed for war ?
then i remember the other thing orion said .
and he 's had every single person on this ship convinced of the same thing , including you ! ''
i look to amy , and i can tell that she realizes the same thing i have : something 's wrong .
he asks , and i ' m ashamed to admit that was the same thing i - probably everyone - was thinking .
` ` the thing in the sky ? ''
amy meets my eyes , and i can tell we 're thinking the same thing .
the only thing we 're clear on is that something - someone - is targeting us .
he 's thinking the same thing as me : this is what killed kit .
i think about what she said - the last thing she said to me .
but he breaks away from me just long enough to ask one thing : ` ` are you sure ? ''
` ` you need to go , '' i say , even though this is the last thing i want to tell her .
` ` and one thing i want to make clear , '' i say as we near the end .
the point is that many times , the first thing a person presumes about something - or someone - is inaccurate .
and at that moment , i probably said the dumbest thing i ever have .
you know you were thinking the same thing anyway .
' i ' ve heard terrible things about this place , alcatraz , ' she said .
that is n't the type of thing one likes to hear from undead spirits .
i did n't reply , but somehow i knew we were thinking the same thing .
that sounded like the kind of thing a leader would say .
this is particularly true if the people who are telling the people the thing that they 're telling them are people who have a college degree in the thing about which they are telling people .
it 's what we call ' versatile , ' which is just another way of saying that it 's a dumb thing to say .
bastille nodded , and i could see that she was thinking the same thing that i was .
it was a dumb thing to say , but i felt i should say something .
' but , please , do n't say such a thing .
it was virtually the same thing others had been telling me since i 'd arrived in nalhalla .
the thing about your sister ? '
' why , that 's the most distressing thing i ' ve ever heard , ' said she who can not be named .
' i think , ' she said , ' that is just about the most brilliant thing you ' ve ever said , alcatraz . '
i ' ve never understood one thing : why do all of these megalomaniac dictators , secret societies , mad scientists , and totalitarian aliens want to rule the world ?
it 's the first thing that came to mind , i ' m afraid .
which was the best thing that happened all day .
the thing i ' m trying to ignore .
because when i told him the same thing three months ago , instead of accusing me of morbidity , he asked with genuine curiosity , ` ` why ? ''
it was the first thing you said when you answered .
` ` listen , i know you do n't want to talk about it , but i just have this one thing to say before you go in there and cry yourself to sleep- '' ` ` matt , please- '' ` ` toph is n't a nice guy .
` ` just tell me one thing , st . clair .
i just want to know one thing . ''
which is , quite possibly , the stupidest thing i could say to him .
an emergency with calliope can only mean one thing : an emergency with cricket .
my facial muscles twinge , but i 'd say the same thing if i were in her situation .
` ` you know that thing you said about someone being perfect for someone else ? ''
and in return , elijah asks , ` ` do you think there can be such a thing as too much happiness ? ''
then he phones his assistant and says the same thing .
and the answer is : because i was going to say the same thing .
sometimes i want to simplify my life into a single bare thing .
tcby is another thing we ca n't bring ourselves to abbreviate .
it 's a sweet thing to say , but i ca n't concentrate while his hands are on me .
it has a big keep out sign plastered on it over a bunch of weird bumper stickers that say things like visualize whirled peas and kiss me .
and even though i ' m infuriated and embarrassed , the only thing i can think when i look at juliet is : i never knew you were so pretty .
` ` you do n't know one thing about me . ''
the kind of thing you pencil in somebody 's yearbook when you do n't know what else to say .
but really i ' m thinking the same thing .
here 's another thing to remember : hope keeps you alive .
ally says it quietly , almost reverentially , and i know we 're all thinking the same thing : that 's the worst way of any .
i ' m not exactly sure what that means , but it 's definitely the most original thing i ' ve ever heard her say .
i ' ve never really thought of ally as smart , but this is probably the smartest thing i ' ve heard in a long time .
this is the most honest thing i ' ve said to my mother in years , and i suddenly feel very exposed .
lindsay , elody , and ally have each texted me the exact same thing : cupid day 3 u .
it 's the only thing that i can think to say .
in some ways it 's a stupid , obvious thing to say , but the way he says it , so honest and simple like it 's the truest thing there is , makes tears prick in my eyes .
in some ways it 's a stupid , obvious thing to say , but the way he says it , so honest and simple like it 's the truest thing there is , makes tears prick in my eyes .
little snatches of things are whirling around in my head : lindsay patting the hood of the tank proudly , saying , ` ` i could go head - to - head with an eighteen - wheeler and never feel it '' the owner of dunkin ' donuts calling out , ` ` that 's not a car , it 's a truck '' the randomness of things , the way everything can change in a second ; the right place at the right time , or at the wrong time ; time ; that enormous truck coming at us , its big metal grill shining like teeth , the impression of lights and hugeness .
it 's the same thing the police officer asked me earlier : the final question , maybe the only one that matters .
here is the last thing i ever say to my parents : see you later .
the last thing i say is , see you later .
or actually , to be completely accurate , the last thing i say to my father is , see you later .
here 's the last thing that occurs to me as sarah recedes in the rearview mirror , slamming out of the car , jogging across the parking lot : if you 're one tardy away from missing out on a big competition , you should probably make your coffee at home .
` ` i promise nothing 's the matter , '' i say , which is n't exactly true , but i figure it 's the best thing to say .
` ` what about that other thing you said in the car ? ''
i think of standing on the stairs with kent and saying exactly the same thing .
i could tell instantly that i 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` that 's the sort of untrue but awful thing you say to ensure that someone never speaks to you again . ''
i could n't have picked a more horrible thing to say if i 'd tried .
but red petticoats mean only one thing : a girl of low morals ... a slut .
i just barely escaped from one myself , on malta it was , and it was a close thing i can tell you and ... oh , my god ! ''
eh , bien , when general howe saw the thing in the paper about slavery , he go insane .
but she has one more thing to say .
` ` just wish she had n't said that thing about the captain killin ' us all when we get over there .
but when she said that thing about the crabs nippin ' off me privates , well , that made it real personal - like ...
` ` what thing did she say about the captain killin ' us ? ''
now , in the past , i have been in service to a number of families , and there is one thing i am sure of : when a woman or a girl finishes retrieving something from her purse , she snaps the clasp shut .
i do n't even know your name , '' i pointed out , suddenly realizing that should have probably been the first thing i found out .
i should have probably said a hundred different things , including ` ` i ' m getting a lawyer so this whole personal assistant / secretary thing is n't really working out for me . ''
to my surprise she did n't have one negative thing to say about my new ` ` style . ''
b sounded exhausted by the whole thing and i wondered if he had hurt her yet or just really confused her .
that may sound like a pretentious prick thing to say , but he chose the place .
i mean would that be an a**hole thing to ask ? ''
i want to kick myself - i forgot we 're about to kiss is n't the most flattering thing to say .
you can bet a guy invented the whole friends - with - benefits thing .
` ` i ' m suggesting no such thing .
reid : hope so ; ) chapter 23 reid brooke got one thing right : river whores .
as high as this one thing leaves me , as giddy with truth - telling as i feel , i ' m not ready to bare my soul just yet .
as far as i can tell , he has n't told chloe a thing .
i do n't know if i have any virtues , or the potential for any , but i know one thing .
i blink up at him and realize from the way he is n't looking at me that he 's uncomfortable asking this question , that this is the thing he 's been withholding for twenty minutes .
and the first thing she says after is , ` ` wow .
turns out there actually is such a thing as too much flattery and adoration .
she 's got to get one thing straight - i 'll follow her dictates to a point , but only to a point .
` ` i ca n't promise the same thing .
i 'd have melted to a puddle on the floor if he 'd said any such thing to fourteen - year - old me .
when i staggered through the door , the only thing she asked - derision in her tone , not concern - was if i needed a morning - after pill .
when you find yourself about to say something that crosses a line , something that could cause irreparable harm , sometimes the best you can do is just not say that thing . ''
the thing i fear most would be so much easier to dismiss if it had n't been burned it into my eyeballs in living color .
maybe not the last thing ... '' he laughs .
that thing they say about herding cats ?
chapter 5 reid wow , that was a dickhead thing to say .
when i said that thing about taking her off the property , i was just pointing out the big fat hole in dorcas 's reasoning .
` ` i did n't do or say a damned thing to her . ''
just to throw her off balance , i bring gabriel e the same thing .
i take a bite of my sandwich rather than reply , curious about whatever inappropriate thing kyle is asking reid .
and the best way to keep yourself honest internal y is to have one person , someone you trust above everyone else , who holds and protects that secret true thing for you .
the thing you have to hide from everyone else .
that was a hateful thing to say . ''
` ` she would tel you the same thing i told you yesterday .
` ` i get the whole abstinence makes the heart fonder thing , '' he said last night , and i thought what ?
` ` that may be the most enchanting thing i ' ve ever been told after spending the night with a girl . ''
which brings me to the other thing i do n't tel her .
my mouth turns up on one side , because somehow reid has said the one weird , true thing no one else would think to say .
no such thing as ' done . ' ''
` ` he did n't say a thing to me , i swear ! ''
what comes out is the thing that built and ran through my head al day , but without the fire .
she 's like a new toy that i ca n't show off - which was a dick thing to slip and say , but she just rolled her eyes at me for it .
' he would n't have to lie , or say an untrue thing , to get girls into his bed . '
( another thing i ' m not telling her - that john and i devised the party specifically to introduce her to our crowd in a less public venue . )
what 's that thing they say about apologizing later instead of asking permission now ?
subduing a brief surge of guilt over the rather significant thing i ' m still withholding , i tell her , ' i ' m going to hold your hand on the way to the car , which will be interpreted - correctly - as deliberate confirmation of our relationship .
her friend tries to save face - by saying the most awkward thing possible .
i ca n't think of a single thing to say .
not a thing that 's out yet - but it will be .
neither of us needs to know or confess every single thing that happened before we met .
i ' m asking you to have faith in one thing , for now : the fact that when we 're alone , i ' m just reid , and you 're just dori , and we 're going to love each other for the rest of our lives . '
reid : no such thing , dori .
' i have one other thing to give you . '
its simple nature , the same thing over and over , soothes my mind .
` ` please , sir , i got somethin ' f say , '' and that 's about the last clear thing i says as i plunges into the room and throws meself down in front of the captain , who 's standin ' at the lectern and about to pronounce sentence on poor liam .
i look at its blue hugeness and i say , i will ask one thing please , god , please no sharks , no sharks .
it was the first thing they told us when we arrived . ''
it was just the first thing that came into my head . ''
so far only one thing had been positive , and even then it was going to be painful .
that could only mean one thing , and we both knew it - but it still did n't guarantee he could be trusted now .
if there was one thing i could n't bear , it was being beholden to someone .
but as i watched the tunnel race before my eyes , i was certain of one thing : i did trust him .
` ` but i must tell you one more thing ... '' ` ` and that is ? ''
that 's about the last civil thing that is said this day .
there is one thing i do know for certain - a rose - covered cottage with a certain miss f. is definitely not in my future .
i tell him i have an older brother , which is n't really the same thing .
and the really screwed - up thing is , when he told me , it was one of the most caring things he 'd ever done for me - at least in a while .
` ` and the first thing i ' m going to say to him is , ' what took you so long ? ' ''
` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' trilby pope sneers .
she knows that 's the thing that hurts me the most .
when they 're being crude , which is always , my teammates sometimes say that if erin had a penis ( they use a different word ) , i 'd be riding the bench , which is n't the nicest thing to say , but when i watch her dominate a game i sometimes do wonder if my girlfriend actually could beat me out for my position , which is saying a lot .
this might all sound overly dramatic on my part , but everyone in the room is thinking the same thing on some level after seeing what boy21 can do .
this might sound dumb , but the only thing i really remember was that she loved green life savers , which she called the irish life savers .
honestly , all you had to do was look at us standing next to each other to easily conclude the same thing .
but i learned that my friendship with sara was probably the only thing i could really trust .
as soon as i said it , i knew it was a dumb thing to say .
was the first thing that came out of my mouth .
i was terrified by the thought of being confined within these walls any longer than i was already sentenced , and it was the first thing that came out of my mouth .
finally , when he pulled into a parking spot and shut off the car , i looked over at him and said the only thing my heart would allow me to say .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , '' she said looking me in the eye with all seriousness , ` ` if you ever call me a slut again , i will never speak to you .
i had no idea where the question came from , but it was the first thing that came out of my mouth .
accepting this would be the hardest thing i 'd ever have to learn , and even when i came to know it as true , it still crushed me .
the misunderstanding evidently had gotten to him , and i was failing at saying the right thing to make him feel better .
i knew that anyone who saw drew follow me to the room would assume the same thing .
the girls turned toward me with sympathetic eyes - wondering the same thing i was .
` ` i was going to ask you the same thing , '' evan returned .
` ` i just do n't want to hear it if someone gets too drunk and then asks me the wrong thing .
` ` you ca n't stay locked away forever because you 're afraid someone 's going to say the wrong thing .
someone always says the wrong thing eventually , so f**k them .
they 're probably wondering the same thing .
he hesitated before admitting , ` ` it was n't the best thing to say on valentine 's day . ''
the irony was that i 'd been afraid she was going to say the same thing to me .
` ` wow , that was kind of a messed up thing to say , '' i admitted with a nervous laugh .
` ` well , of course you do , '' she responded like i 'd said the most obvious thing in the world .
dinners with the mathews always made me nervousfearing i 'd say the wrong thing or embarrass evan with my lack of social skills .
i wanted to say the right thing to make him feel better , but i did n't .
that 's kind of a twisted thing to say . ''
` ` can you tell me one thing that i still do n't understand ? ''
' um ... ' i cast my eyes towards the ceiling in thought and said the first thing that came into my head .
and that was n't the best thing to say either .
' when you ask me , i just say the first thing that comes to mind .
this was the dumbest thing i could have said , since he had just answered me .
' can i ask you one thing ? '
the last time sara had said that same exact thing to me , we were sitting in her driveway , and she was convincing me to give evan a chance .
' promise me one thing . '
i shrugged , because i honestly did n't recall eating a single thing since i 'd boarded the plane in california .
it was the first thing he 'd said to me since i 'd arrived .
i hesitated , knowing that i could make things difficult if i said the wrong thing .
' sorry , ' sara said , realizing the same thing .
' will you tell me one thing that you normally would n't say to me if you were n't kinda drunk , so that i know that you are ? '
i tried to keep my expression smooth as she shared one more thing she 'd kept from me .
' sorry , that was a bad thing to say ... ' ' just keep going , ' i encouraged , not wanting to dwell on the fact that stuart mathews did n't like me .
i noticed sara 's eyes scrunch slightly , like she was trying to figure out the same thing emma had earlier .
it was the only thing i knew to be true .
' and i 'll tell you the same thing emma did - we 're just talking .
but then again , i thought the same thing when she woke up in the morning with her hair sticking up and pillow lines on her face .
the disappointed look on his face told me we 'd been thinking the same thing .
it was the same thing i said every day , more or less .
it was the same thing he said every day , more or less .
the thing they did n't know was , i was n't into girls like emily .
` ` my mamma heard the same thing .
but this was the closest thing to a conversation we 'd had in months , and i did n't want him to go .
the only thing to the right was ravenwood plantation , and no one ever went there .
but i never wear the right clothes or say the right thing , and something always goes wrong .
if she was making spring rolls , it only meant one thing , and it was n't just that she liked chinese food .
` ` they all said the same thing .
aunt mercy waved her hand in the air , as if that was the silliest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` i can tell you one thing .
it was the first thing she 'd said since we left ravenwood .
that 's the funniest thing you ' ve said all night .
i 'd heard every word she had said , but i only knew one thing .
it was the car my mom had been driving when she had the accident ; that was the first thing i thought every time i saw it .
lena must have been thinking the same thing .
because one thing was clear .
he had said the same thing to amma in the swamp , that i had some kind of power .
when she opened the pages again , we saw the same thing we had been staring at all day .
the thing you said the morning after halloween , in your room .
i knew she was thinking the same thing .
it 's the one thing i think we can all agree on . ''
nobody knew how to break the news to her that she had not one but two bad seeds in her family , so no one said a thing .
` ` i'l tel you one thing .
the whole way down , i could only think one thing .
lena was thinking the same thing .
lena was offering me something , the same thing link was .
and there was n't one thing on the table that anyone in gatlin would ever eat for breakfast .
which seemed like the right thing to say , even though it was clear that gatlin - maybe the whole world - was pretty broken .
and if women like amma provided protection from his magic , that could mean only one thing .
we all were thinking the same thing : whatever was happening , whatever abraham had let loose on the world - this would be it .
lena looked out the window , and i said the one thing she did n't want to hear .
because amma was the closest thing i had to a mother , and like my mother , she had always protected me .
` ` grace ann , how could you say such a thing ?
it was the last thing the lilum said before the possessed body of mrs . english dropped to the floor .
what i did n't want to think about was the last thing lena said - every time .
but there 's one thing i ca n't understand . ''
` ` a fractured soul is n't two things , l. it 's one thing split in half . ''
` ` she wo n't remember a thing . ''
the last thing sarafine said to lena 's father before she left him to die .
someone who had known everything , all along - including the one thing i was just starting to figure out for myself , right now .
we were only thinking one thing .
i did n't want the last thing i said to amma to be a lie .
but i still wanted the last thing i said to amma to be as true as the sun rising .
so after i helped her into her favorite chair , i hugged her tight and whispered one last thing .
the stuff you 're good at and the stuff you 're bad at are just different parts of the same thing .
as we rolled over the edge of the water tower and fell the whole way down , i was only thinking one thing ... chapter 1 home a blur of blue sky over my head .
the thing that had made me feel like i could n't sit down , like i could n't stay .
did i think the one - who - is - two thing was a joke ?
at that moment , it was the only thing i wanted to know .
chapter 4 catfish crossin ' getting aunt prue to say the one thing you wanted her to say , right when you wanted her to say it , was like thinking you could ask the sun to shine .
i could n't stomach one more waxy chocolate , washed down with one more glass of sweet tea , while one more little dog stared at me , to get at the one thing i needed to know .
they all said the same thing to me .
it was the same thing i said every time i came over .
chapter 21 dark side of the moon saying we were going to new orleans to find an old bar - and an even older incubus - was one thing .
` ` the thing is , rid , how do we know you 're not saying the same thing to him ?
he really was the devil , or the closest thing i 'd ever met .
` ` one could say the same thing about you , grandfather . ''
losing my uncle 's support was the one thing i had been afraid of when amma sent me for reinforcements .
there was only one thing i knew for sure .
the only thing that was perfectly clear from the moment obidias trueblood told me the truth about what had happened to me .
why would you ever say such a thing ? ''
julia looked between lance and ro - ro and wondered why her aunt would say such a thing .
i was curious why , but one thing that i 'd learned over the past few months was not to pry .
somehow , it was the only thing my frazzled brain knew for sure - she could n't leave me .
` ` she 's teased me with the whole ' white trash ' thing since the first day , when i ran into her in the parking lot . ''
her face still calm , even though i 'd just yelled at her , she said , ` ` what is the last thing you do remember ? ''
oh well , that was probably the least embarrassing thing they 'd heard about me .
i shrugged and told sawyer the one thing we 'd discussed that i could share .
the last thing her father had said to me was , ` ` how could you not be more careful . ''
since i asked myself that same thing every day , i could only hang my head at him and say , ` ` i do n't know . ''
he looked at me incredulously , like i 'd just asked him the most outrageous thing he 'd ever heard .
the pounding in my chest intensified to a level that i thought might be dangerous for me , and the only coherent thing screaming in my head was ' kiss her . '
` ` but you need a little punishment , so , yeah , i had you drugged by poor , stupid randy ... and you ca n't do anything about it , because no one here believes a god damn thing you say . ''
she turned her lip up that that was the first thing i 'd choose to comment on , and sighed , understanding my vague question .
knowing my time was almost up , and knowing sawyer was about to make her move to stop me , i leaned forward and brought my lips to hers , giving her the one last thing i could , even though she deserved so much better .
` ` guess you 're right about the ' not real y friends ' thing . ''
i watched marcus consider whatever that unspoken thing was .
alarmed that he was actual y going to , i blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
our kisses hardened , his lips and hands took on a purpose that could only mean one thing .
scrambling to my feet , i ignored the pain and faced the one thing that could not be .
each of us spent the rest of the day trying to forget one thing or another .
` ` i want you to understand one thing , lexie .
` ` i think that 's possibly the nicest thing you have said to me .
that is the first nice thing i ' ve said to you . ''
i said the first thing that came to mind , ` ` i did n't think the apple would break her nose . ''
complimenting his hair was the only really good thing i could say about my stepfather .
i do n't know what made me say the next thing that came out of mouth .
aiden had said the same thing .
it was a terrible thing to say to a half - blood , like i was a disgrace who could n't be trusted - a sellout , phony , and fake .
that caught my attention - perhaps because it was the clearest thing she 'd ever said to me .
the only thing important i 'd picked out was about the guy who was n't who he appeared , that he had everyone fooled .
an hour ago i would never have agreed with that , but aiden had just said the very same thing .
you want to know the most messed up thing about that ?
` ` gods , that has to be the creepiest thing i ' ve heard in a long time .
that seemed to be the wrong thing to say , because he backed off .
` ` do you remember the last thing i told you in training ? ''
or perhaps he was staring at telly 's throne , imagining himself in the seat that offered the closest thing our world had to absolute power .
it was like telly thought the same thing .
i said the one thing that i knew marcus would n't question and was sort of true .
there is n't a damn thing he 's going to do to jeopardize that . ''
even though i 'd never had the misfortune of hearing a covenant siren , i knew they meant only one thing : security breach .
` ` i used to say the same thing about you . ''
i glared back at him , willing almost every ill thing on him i could think of .
` ` i would never think such a crazy thing . ''
` ` ca n't say the same thing about you . ''
one look into his stormy eyes and i knew he was thinking the same thing .
ah , wrong thing to say .
and i 'd said the biggest , meanest thing i could ever say to another half - blood .
the same thing seth had said to me once before .
i knew the moment i 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` if i knew such a thing , then that god would be taken care of .
my gaze caught deacon 's on the other end of the couch , and i could tell he was thinking the same thing .
that thing in my stomach tipped over .
seth had said the same thing , but what he wanted - love and acceptance - he 'd never get this way .
but the somber faces of those around me pretty much told me that i was n't the only one who was thinking the same thing at that moment .
perhaps he was even thinking the same thing i had - that our connection had taken everything from lea , including her life .
every damn gun went straight to me , and i wondered if that 'd been the best thing to say .
oh , that was the wrong thing to say .
the god 's lips tipped up a little on one side , as if he knew what i was thinking , and i wondered then if i was actually dead , if someone had lied about the whole apollyon - death thing , because i was staring at the god of peaceful death .
i almost cracked a smile at the same thing i 'd thought about him not too long ago , but the smile never made it to the surface .
` ` the only thing that we can come up with is that those guards and sentinels on the highway had made some sort of contact with ares , lucian , or seth , and they put two and two together . ''
strange thing was that i felt all of those things , but it was n't enough .
` ` well , i do have organs and ... '' i trailed off , remembering how apollo 's son had said the same thing .
apollo 's son - hippo - whatever - said the same thing when i was in olympus . ''
hell , there was a small part of me that wondered the same thing .
not really , because one thing was true .
` ` without saying a damn thing , '' he added in voice that was too calm .
that was the last thing i remembered thinking before i felt something warm and slightly rough graze my cheek .
that was the last thing i wanted to explain all over again .
i think , in that moment , they realized the same thing solos must have by the look in his wide eyes .
i caught aiden 's stare and knew he was thinking the same thing i was .
so was n't expecting that to be the first thing for the titan to say when he came out of the deep freeze .
` ` speaking of not wanting people to get hurt and the whole keeping them safe thing ?
the only thing i could console myself with was that i knew - i knew - she was with caleb .
` ` you 're looking at me like ... like i said the worst thing possible . ''
and of course , i said the stupidest thing possible .
my fingers lingered for a second , and i said the only thing i could think of saying .
my name was the last thing i heard .
` ` all right , thanks ... for the grade compliment thing . ''
` ` you know , i could say the same thing about you . ''
i said , telling myself the same thing .
the last thing she 'd ever said to me had been in the car , right before the accident .
inspecting my own hands , i wandered if he ever looked at mine and thought the same thing .
hayden did n't know about either thing i 'd found in my locker .
hayden said a couple more reassuring things , and then it was time for me to do my thing .
` ` the thing about your parents knowing about olivia 's gift ? ''
she had to have figured out that he knew , but then the next thing she said sealed my fate .
i told him the same thing i 'd told hayden , and the whole time i felt kurt 's eyes watching me from the rear view mirror .
not the same thing , i guessed .
if i remembered correctly , the last thing he 'd called it was unnatural and wrong .
so i settled on the same thing i 'd told her ever since i 'd woken up with her next to me .
` ` sure thing , mistress .
i say instead , ` ` i do not recall the good lord saying anything about singing and dancing , ' cept maybe that thing about makin ' a joyful noise unto the lord , which is what i was doin ' when i was arrested .
you say the first thing that comes to your mind , and the profanity , like with the sheik yesterday , oh , jacky , you have just got to stop that . ''
amy notices my miniature i did of jaimy that i hung on my bedpost so it is the last thing i see at night before i snuff the lamp and the first thing i see when i wake .
` ` the next thing we drank to we drank to the king glorious , glorious , glorious king !
the same thing he convinced himself about janey porter , and we all know what happened there . ''
there 's only one thing we can cipher from this : someone in your house has not been passing my letters on to you .
i want to stuff the whole thing up my nose .
` ` sure thing , goliath . ''
` ` i was n't going to say a damn thing . ''
he grinned as his gaze collided with mine , and i knew he was thinking the same thing i was .
at first i thought that was a strange thing to say , but then suspicion rose .
and as i relaxed into dez 's embrace , i closed my eyes and could think of only one thing .
you 're more than welcome to join us , but if you say one thing or act in any way toward layla that is even remotely cruel- '' ` ` i wo n't , '' i said quickly .
harry and i looked at each other , wondering the same thing .
it would have raised suspicion if i had asked where isaac was , but his absence was the first thing i thought of .
only one thing was left in secret and i did n't want it to be a secret any longer .
i admit , this was the one thing i was pleased by .
` ` sure thing , '' he answered respectfully .
she knew i saw the one thing that i did not want to see .
now i just had a few seconds to decide how i wanted to act toward her : still angry about the isaac thing , over the isaac thing completely , or just glad she was okay and full of questions about where she had been .
i thought that isaac wanted to talk to me , maybe to apologize and ' explain ' , but with rachel in the mix , it could only mean one thing : they were going to apologize together .
it was my turn to speak , but i did n't want to say the wrong thing .
next thing i know , he 's asking my friends personal things about me .
` ` okay , '' i went on , ` ` the only other thing she said was that she wanted me to move out and live with her and those jerks .
it was the most heartbreaking thing i 'd ever heard .
but i could never distrust an angel and aramei was to me the closest thing to an angel that i would ever know .
i know what she must be thinking , because i ' m thinking the same thing .
` ` let me make one thing clear right now , alright ? ''
` ` sure thing , '' the waiter replies while taking isaac 's glass from the table .
` ` i could n't foresee this and i could n't sense it and it can only mean one thing . ''
she sits there now with the clipboard in her lap , but no pen to jot down the things i ' m going to tell her because ms . sweet n ' pleasant took all of those notes down already for her .
` ` tell me one thing , please .
i go back to the one thing i know he wo n't tell me , just to keep myself talking , to keep my mind from collapsing under the weight of all those questions trying to break free .
i try to make myself believe i ' m only testing the waters right now , feeling out his answers before i tell him the one thing i do n't want to , but really i think i ' m just looking for reasons to put it off .
on the ride back to hallowell , daisy sits behind me , playing with my hair and whispering things in my ear about how much her brother loves me and that no matter what happened , she can tell just by looking at him that he 's hurting pretty bad .
seeing aramei the way she is , seeing again firsthand exactly how i ' m going to be , is one thing .
is the only thing i can pull together to ask .
last thing i heard her say was that if anything , viktor was who owed her and that if he ever said anything about her to anyone that she 'd kill aramei . ''
` ` but you have to promise me one thing , '' i say .
isaac and i look right at each other and he 's probably thinking the same thing : what ?
alex says and it 's the same thing i was going to ask with the same amount of confusion .
it was a lame thing to say , but it just came out .
` ` well , you ' ve got ta admit one thing . ''
` ` first thing first , '' he says , unfolding his arms .
` ` i do n't know what you plan to do , but the one thing i think we can all agree on is that we ca n't stay here . ''
i was going to ask her the same thing .
but adria will be fine ; this is the only thing i ' m sure of .
` ` i just have to ask santa one thing , '' i said .
half the country 's on strike because of that thing the crown prince said about pippi longstocking .
for sure , the last thing i was going to write to her was all i want for christmas is you .
i just wanted to find the right thing to say .
wherever this was , she was sure of one thing : it was not her world .
she could n't contradict a thing he 'd told her .
it was n't the worst thing she could think of , but still .
everyone thought she had , which almost felt like the same thing .
he must have imagined the same thing .
she could feel the heat of the block she 'd laid her head on as the executioner raised his blade , and she could hear akiva 's scream - a thing ripped from his soul - as if its echo had been trapped in the wishbone , too .
` ` so careless '' was the first thing thiago said when they were drawn up short , rushing from the burning temple to find a company of soldiers waiting .
it was a fearsome thing to say , and karou had gotten a chill - and a small spark of admiration , she had to admit - but it kept coming back to her later , and her admiration did n't last .
sveva knew that this was supposedly the case , but it was a hard thing to take on faith .
akiva wondered the same thing .
the first thing he said was , ` ` i never fell asleep , sir , i swear it . ''
well , okay , maybe not the last thing .
but she could have dealt with that if it were n't for the bigger reason , the thing she always came back to .
she wanted to go , too , but there were her friends on the ground below , and anyway , she did n't imagine ziri could want to see her , not after the last thing she had said to him , so she dropped back down and said , ` ` come on .
it remained the worst thing he had ever heard .
because of one thing she was certain , and it was that she could never love , not like that .
one thing , at least .
issa looked at her , and karou knew she 'd said the wrong thing .
good - bye was the last thing akiva ever wanted to tell karou .
he nodded toward them with that same ` ` go on , '' c*ck of his head and when i swept them into my hand , i noticed the last thing he had written .
` ` up until today , i could n't tell you one good thing about living in this hellhole . ''
the first thing i thought - the first real , coherent thought after our almost - kiss - was of aimee and how i was going to tell her what had happened , what was happening , between me and dale .
` ` no such thing , '' i whispered , nuzzling his thighs , working his jeans further down his legs until he could step out of them , leaving him completely nude .
` ` carrie said the same thing . ''
` ` i just need to say one more thing . ''
it was such a simple , sweet thing , and my heart felt like it was being torn from my chest .
` ` funny , matt said the same thing about mine ! ''
had n't i just been thinking the same thing earlier ?
i could n't stand one more thing .
the only thing you could definitely say about me is this : i ' m short .
i ' ve learned to get really good at this - say one thing when i ' m thinking about something else , act like i ' m listening when i ' m not , pretend to be calm and happy when really i ' m freaking out .
i ca n't stop thinking about the last thing alex said to me , the endlessly shifting pattern of his eyes , the strange expression on his face - like he was inviting me .
same thing goes for morgan .
then i remember the other thing alex said : nobody 's hurting anybody .
` ` god , '' i whisper , the first thing i ' ve said to him , cupping my hand over my mouth and nose .
i think of holding grace in my arms and rocking her to sleep , saying the same thing , as she screamed silently into my pillow .
the only thing she says at the end of my story is : ` ` so you were there ?
i know we 're all thinking the same thing .
one time i even tell him about the last thing my mom ever said to me , and he just sits and rubs my back when suddenly i feel like i ' m about to cry .
love : a single word , a wispy thing , a word no bigger or longer than an edge .
` ` you have to see , '' he kept repeating dumbly , as though it was the only thing he knew how to say .
` ` he never knew he had a son '' : that 's the only thing alex had said , and i figured it meant that his dad was dead before alex was born .
` ` i was about to call and ask you the same thing , '' she says .
this is the difficult thing she has been trying to say , the words of comfort it has cost her so much effort to remember .
` ` after we run , maybe , '' i say , the only thing i can think to say .
that 's another thing i can see about the wilds : everything gets used , reused , rationed , measured .
` ` i want to work , '' i whisper back , because it 's the only thing i can say .
that 's the kind of thing we used to say together .
the priests and the scientists are right about one thing : at our heart , at our base , we are no better than animals .
alex told me that very same thing , once .
i stood , battered between currents , as alex told me the same thing .
she has always repeated that there is no such thing .
i remember how angry i ' ve been with julian for saying the same thing .
` ` we can build something out of almost anything - out of scrap , '' i say , and i remember , then , when raven said almost the exact same thing to me after my escape , when i was sick and weak and unsure whether i wanted to live or die .
really , there is only one thing i want to say , and just thinking of it makes my heart speed up : why , why , why ?
it 's the only thing i can think of , even though i know how flimsy it sounds .
that is one thing i have learned during my time with the resistance .
he stared at me , and in that moment the wordless thing passed between us , the thing that was n't quite love but was so close i could believe in it sometimes - maybe a kind of understanding .
he stared at me , and in that moment the wordless thing passed between us , the thing that was n't quite love but was so close i could believe in it sometimes - maybe a kind of understanding .
the only thing he did know - the only thing he was certain of - was that he had to quench the insatiable burning in his heart .
saying the wrong thing when times were filled with turmoil was like dropping a spark on a pile of tinder .
sometimes she looked at him and wondered if he was thinking the same thing .
eric leaned in , ` ` i could say the same thing , yet i know what you are - and what you 're capable of - what a kiss means , from a beautiful woman like you . ''
thinking that you are a monster is one thing .
there was a plea in his voice , like he 'd come undone if she said the wrong thing .
looking smug , collin knew he said the one thing that would make me feel like a stalker .
there 's no such thing as true love . ''
from the look on his face , he thought i was foolish for thinking such a thing .
feeling his eyes on me , i wondered if he felt the same thing .
so , i said the only thing that i knew would subdue his agony .
` ` you used to say there was no such thing as love .
she picked the worst thing to possibly talk about .
some say we 're damned , but it 's not the same thing .
it was the only thing that said i could destroy kreturus .
shannon and eric must have been thinking the same thing .
that was the worst thing i could imagine .
one thing crossed my mind .
lorren , you do n't know the first thing about me .
so i asked the next best thing , ` ` so tell me , because i ca n't figure it out .
he laughed out loud like it was the funniest thing he 'd ever heard .
the same thing happened with the demons .
the thing he confessed to me from the very beginning was that he would do whatever it took to undo the valefar curse .
swallowing hard , i said the only thing that i could admit that would n't skew collin 's perception of me , ` ` eric 's dead . ''
` ` hmmmm , '' was the only thing i said , as i agreed with him .
it was an easy thing to say , but much harder to actually do .
i looked up at collin and realized that was the worst thing i could have said .
the look on his face said we did n't change a thing .
what was the one thing i told you ?
trust me , was the only thing i thought .
i tried to make sense of what i 'd seen , but the only thing i knew for certain was that it was a secret - something eric did n't want me to know .
i pressed my lips together and explained the one thing i could - the one thing that i knew he would n't refute .
i pressed my lips together and explained the one thing i could - the one thing that i knew he would n't refute .
fury exploded the next time she spoke , ` ` there 's no such thing as a two - directional blood bond !
she said the only thing that could have made me pause .
but other things screamed out in the night in this place .
that was the only thing i could think ... because if he heard the things in my heart - he 'd know .
that was the only thing i could think ... because if he heard the things in my heart - he 'd know .
for a moment i thought i was a hypocrite , but the dreanok 's scar and my mark were n't the same thing .
was the first thing out of my mouth .
the first thing i learned about the rich is that they find the common folk an amusing distraction but would never , ever want anything real .
that 's the last thing i want to come off as .
it bothers me that he knows me well enough to know i was evaluating that very thing .
is the first thing she says .
a many - times thing ?
that 's got to be the funniest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` aww , i think that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
at least we agree on one thing .
you ca n't say jinx unless you say the exact same thing ! ''
she gasps a little , and i worry i said the wrong thing .
why is it every time i try to say one thing to her , something else comes out ?
with her hand inching toward my crotch , she says stuff like , ` ` hey , maybe we can hang out tonight , '' which may sound similar , but it 's definitely not the same thing .
i told her it did n't really matter where we did it , which was obviously the wrong thing to say .
not a manly thing to admit , i know , but i ca n't imagine being broken the way dad was .
she 's blushing until the last thing i said hits her .
i sank to the ground and as was often the case , could n't think of a thing to say .
i know this because i used to do the same thing with his name when i was in the feed .
i do n't know if it was my exhaustion or my desperation , but i blurted out the first honest thing i 'd said in a long time .
i repeated the whole thing three times before he finally coughed .
ashe had told me the same thing , and now i could see it in cole 's eyes , the tilt of his head , every decision he made .
ashe had said the wrong thing .
it was the most honest thing i could think to say .
` ` what 's the first thing you 're going to say to jack ? ''
` ` same thing i ' ve always wanted .
and sometimes i would read the same sentence in the textbook over and over , and at the end of the hour , the only thing i 'd learned was that jack liked to tap his eraser on his desk when he was stumped , and when he would stretch forward , his shirt lifted , exposing a tiny bit of skin on his back .
` ` after that kiss , we 'd better dream of the same thing tonight , '' he said with a smirk .
jules scanned the crowd , probably thinking the same thing .
i remembered when i 'd said the same thing to him .
she said this as if it were the most obvious thing ever .
i looked at jack , and he nodded , probably thinking the same thing .
i thought back to the urn on the mantel , and i was sure jack was thinking of the same thing .
the thing we 'd never talked about .
jack must ' ve thought the same thing , because he asked , ` ` what about the heart ?
i shook my head , instantly flashing back to when i 'd thought the same thing about jack - that he had cheated at football camp - but cole was really to blame for the misunderstanding .
cole was making perfect sense , and he had said probably the one thing that would make jack move .
and with those words , i put voice to the very thing we were most scared of .
the one thing we were supposed to keep secret , and cole blurts it out .
i sighed , remembering when he 'd said nearly the same thing that day we silk - screened dead elvises t - shirts in the graphx shop .
he must be wondering the same thing .
i racked my brain for something to conjure that would help me , but the only object that came to mind was the last thing i 'd seen on the surface .
i access cara for a name , and the first thing that comes up is the word witch .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , it 's this : we all want everything to be okay .
it feels like a justin thing to say .
whatever the case , it 's probably the only thing he could have possibly said that would have made our parents momentarily ... happy might be overstating it .
i 'd tell them it was the same thing , but they thought i was being silly .
none of the articles and blogs are any help - he 's saying the same thing in all of them , and people are painting him as either a freak or an oracle .
essentially , he says the same thing every time : ` ` i have no doubt that these are cases of demonic possession , '' says rev .
i ' ve said yet another thing wrong .
it is the only thing i can think to give him to make any of it worth it .
then i ' m horrified at myself for even thinking such a thing .
it 's the only truthful thing i tell her the whole ride .
it 's natural that he should confide in me when he is told such a thing . ''
same thing the next morning .
this is the thing they do n't tell you about being a third wheel - it 's not like you 're the wheel that 's added on .
but you told him the same thing , did n't you ?
because i felt that if i told her one thing , i 'd have to tell her everything in order to explain it .
it was a joke , but there was an unintentional echo in the joke : had n't she pretty much told you the same thing ?
that was the kind of thing you would have said .
it was the last thing he 'd planned to tell her .
he glared at joanna as though he 'd heard every scathing thing joanna had just said .
and i ' m not going to say some stupid thing people think they should say , either , because that just makes it worse . ''
because even if bronwyn was right , even if it did n't change him , what charles said was still the worst thing charles had ever said to anyone , the worst thing he had ever done .
she fought to remember the mood of the dinner , but she could n't recall a single thing they 'd talked about , a single thing they 'd eaten .
and she silently said the same thing she always said to all the couples she 'd met .
chapter 4 so if i thought my life had been strange with the not - being - able - to - feel - prickle - up - the - neck - and - suddenly - you - can - feel thing ( i really needed to give a name ) , then i had no clue what strange meant .
and the third and final thing was that he hated me .
the thing i 'd been waiting for - for them to say they knew i 'd been eavesdropping on their conversation .
` ` do n't be ridiculous , alex , '' aislin said , like it was the most absurd thing she 'd ever heard .
i paused , realizing it was kind of a bitchy thing to say .
me heart had already been pounding because of the whole him - being - in - my - room thing , but now it was in supercharge mode , hammering so viciously that it was making me lightheaded .
` ` i mean for one thing , i find it interesting how long you put up with me being a complete jerk .
you just said the same thing ? ''
` ` the whole hungry - for - blood thing does n't apply to me .
apparently , he was a firm believer in the whole staring - is - rude thing .
i could n't remember a single thing .
the only thing i 'd really heard - and it only seemed semi - important - was that alex had a difficult time lying to me .
i could tell he was still mad , but so was i. i was bummed out too , because i had n't gotten a single useful thing out of him .
and i also thought the same thing when laylen told me i was four when i left my mother .
he laughed like it was the silliest thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` i want you to remember one thing , '' alex said , his voice sharper than i 'd ever heard .
i looked at alex , and i knew he was thinking the same thing ; that i 'd brought nicholas and the death walkers here with us .
this whole new ` ` i - can - feel - your - tired - and - you - can - feel - i'm - tired '' thing was weird .
well , i mean freak out in the sense that he would deny , deny , deny , and refuse to believe such a thing about his father .
i almost laughed , because he said the same thing to laylen once about me .
alex asked me , which was the same thing he asked me a thousand times already .
alex rubbed his hands across his face , i think , maybe to hide the fact that he thought the same thing i did .
i was just saying things could go wrong ... you could say the wrong thing and end up getting stuck with him forever . ''
` ` but there 's one thing i do n't understand .
she nodded , looking hurt and i wondered if i said the wrong thing .
same mark , different spot , but i ' m sure it meant the same thing .
it was the first thing alex asked when i finished my story .
` ` you seem better ... a little bit anyway with the whole , '' i pointed at my teeth , ` ` thing . ''
my forever shows up and the first thing i say is you re here .
the first thing that came to my mind was to pull her down and kiss her .
the first thing , my mother eyed her ring , you already have .
i was greeted by air so cold , it could only mean one thing the death walkers had been here .
i shrugged and then aislin and i traded looks , thinking the same thing .
because i wasn t really joking about the ocean thing .
he shot me a look like that was the most ridiculous thing he d ever heard .
gemma looked awkward with the whole thing , but gave it her best .
and i knew what that was like - had felt the same thing , when the subject of my parents had come up .
i hung up and stared at the phone 's screen , wondering if i 'd just dreamed the whole thing .
i 'd seen the same thing when clarissa found out .
however much i loved natasha , it did n't change a damn thing that had happened .
and when they find out how much dance lessons cost , i can see there 's some hesitation , but they have muttered conversations they think i ca n't hear , saying things like it 's the one thing she has left .
that seemed like a safe thing to say .
what if i tell her the wrong thing , and they break up and it 's all my fault ?
the one thing that was clear ... was that nothing was clear .
just as when natasha had asked for my advice , i felt that if i told her the wrong thing and it split them up , she 'd never forgive me .
but it was the one thing , you know ?
the one thing i could do , the one thing in my life that was n't shitty .
it was a lousy thing to say , but i could n't think of anything else .
i 'd been saying the same thing for so many years that it sounded true , even to me .
she caught my eye and i knew we were thinking the same thing : with her and darrell on the verge of breaking up , clarissa and neil having problems and now connor and me off the cards , it seemed like there was no hope for any of us .
* * * i 'd heard the thing about men getting sleepy after sex .
` ` karen 's amazing , '' was the first thing i heard connor say .
i 'd wondered the same thing since we started working together .
one more thing before i let you go .
sure she was mischievous , like with the whole jacket thing , but once ari told her to stop doing something she would .
but the one thing i did know was that i was charlie 's friend .
what if something really terrible had happened to derek and the last thing she remembered him saying to her was how disappointed he was in her ?
temperate thing ?
` ` ok . answer me one thing ... ? ''
jai had already told her the same thing , but ari resented charlie for reiterating something she 'd prefer to be deaf to .
did he now think that , because she 'd die for charlie , it somehow meant the same thing ?
i want one thing , and then you wil be free .
he looked a little bewildered as he answered warily , ` ` sure thing . ''
desperate to stop him , ari blurted out the first thing that came to mind , ` ` you know you 're technicaly my grandmother 's brother . ''
when she freed jai , the last thing she wanted to tel him was that his dad was dead .
my heart stopped and the only thing i could think of was meena .
that was the last thing i thought he 'd ask .
she gave me a small smile and i knew she was thinking the same thing .
` ` he said the same thing my master said when i saw him murder a girl . ''
` ` your mouth is surprisingly sweet for saying such naughty things . ''
she blinked a few times , stunned he 'd say such a thing .
his sister would say he was a good man , a decent man with a heart full of compassion , and maura would have said the same thing .
* * * vincent and carmine were seated as soon as they reached the restaurant and both ordered the first thing on the menu .
it was the nicest thing he had said in a while ... possibly ever .
` ` it means the same thing . ''
she sighed - that was the wrong thing to say .
* * * haven barely said a thing for days .
vincent wondered the same thing that day .
` ` that 's the same thing you said the first time .
` ` that 's the same thing he says about you .
when he finally spoke , he said the last thing carmine expected to hear .
ivan laughed long and hard , as if that were the funniest thing he had ever heard .
` ` she 's the only thing i ' ve ever been sure of . ''
she did n't know what was real anymore , where she was or what was happening , but one thing she was sure about was the fireworks .
` ` that 's the same thing your father said . ''
she watched him with confusion , and he spouted off the first thing that came to his mind .
` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' dominic said .
` ` the only thing you 'll ever hear from me is i told you so . ''
no one knew if they were fully aware of what went on , if they got a taste when all was said and done , but one thing was undeniable : the respect was dead .
` ` look , if it 's about your pending case , i 'll tell you the same thing i told dr . demarco .
he did n't know the first thing about hot - wiring anything .
what they fail to realize , though , is the main thing maura tried to teach them .
haven smiled , realizing they likely thought the same thing kelsey had - he was a police officer .
` ` i could ask you the same thing , vincent , '' corrado replied .
` ` what the fu- '' he started , unable to get the entire thing out before his uncle pulled the trigger .
` ` yes , you see , there 's no such thing as coincidence .
and my father ... well ... one thing he did teach me was you do n't rob a friend .
` ` i kinda look like my fath- '' he gripped the steering wheel tightly , unable to even get the entire thing out .
and i refuse to accept the fact that i owe anyone a thing ... except you , maybe .
not safe seemed to be her parents ' favorite thing to say .
when your head says one thing and your whole life says another , your head always loses . ''
i remember the first thing you said too , when you finally broke character .
it was a ridiculous thing to say , since you were locked up .
it takes me all of three seconds to conclude that 's such a bullshit thing to say .
that was probably a stupid thing to say , right ?
he would say he was sorry my dad made me stay , which , yeah might be the same thing , but they sound a whole lot different .
it 's the perfect thing he can say .
i ca n't help but ask him the same thing .
as soon as the words leave my mouth i know it 's a stupid thing to say .
it 's probably the most amazing thing anyone has ever said to me .
i ' ve never done that , but- '' ` ` it 'll be both our first , '' she says , and i know it was the right thing to say .
` ` i do n't want you to get hurt , '' is the first thing out of alec 's mouth when we hit the beach .
but there 's one thing i do know : i ' m not my mom , and nate would never hurt me like that .
not that i think i 'll ever be with anyone else , but if there 's one thing i ' ve learned it 's that nothing in life is a guarantee .
it 's a pretty stupid thing to say because what 's to understand ?
not a real cool thing to admit .
i ' ve obviously just said the wrong thing because brandon looks like he 's about to be sick .
` ` you did n't tell me , '' is the first thing i say when she walks in .
it 's not the exact same , but close enough to the same thing i said before .
she once did the same thing to mel , who froze , not knowing what to do .
it 's not always easy to explain my no - drinking thing .
` ` sure thing , coach .
which is probably the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard , but that 's beside the point .
the words were n't planned , but i ' m glad they were the first thing to pop out of my mouth .
the most important thing is she 's left me and kira alone .
we have a winner for the stupidest thing carter has said tonight !
well , not necessarily the last thing .
that was pretty much the last thing either of us wanted to hear .
andrea had said the same thing countless times before , but i 'd always thought it was her way of trying to get me to obsess over someone other than kyler .
was that the wrong thing to say ?
the same thing in college , even when she was with someone .
a day or two of living out what i 'd always wanted before reality bitch - smacked me in the face , because i did know one thing for certain .
relief was like a sweet drug clawing at me , but i still did n't know how to act , and i was petrified of saying the wrong thing .
it was the f**king best thing i 'd ever felt , baby . ''
i 'd been stuck on the whole ` ` always ready when it comes to me '' thing .
i wo n't blame you if you tell me to get the f**k out of this house , but just know , there are a lot of things i wish i could do over , but there is one thing i 'll never regret . ''
chapter 24 kyler once those words left my mouth , i knew it was the right thing to say .
at first i thought i had said the wrong thing .
` ` i think that 's the smartest thing you ' ve ever said , and i 'd have to agree . ''
it made me think of this thing i once read .
russ guffawed , like it was the most ridiculous thing he had ever heard .
i know this is a strange thing to say , but i 'd never felt closer to maggie than i did at that moment .
we were sitting calmly , checking our ( synchronized ) watches , and all thinking the exact same thing : something is definitely different .
we reached the foyer , and i said , ` ` this is the grand hall , '' because that sounded like a school tour - y thing to say , but macey acted like i was n't even there as she turned to bex ( her physical equal ) and said , ` ` so everyone wears those uniforms ? ''
it was the exact same thing mr . mosckowitz had said , but oh was it different .
it was the first enthusiastic thing macey had said since crawling out of the limo and maybe long before that - probably since realizing that her father would sell his soul for a vote and her mother was the b word as used in its traditional context .
i started to tell my mom about the eight - hundred - calorie - a - day thing , or the b - word thing , or to point out that code reds were fake interviews , not real ones .
i started to tell my mom about the eight - hundred - calorie - a - day thing , or the b - word thing , or to point out that code reds were fake interviews , not real ones .
up to that point , i 'd mainly heard macey say things like ` ` you 're in my light , '' and ` ` if you 're gon na have plastic surgery , you might want to try my mother 's guy in palm springs . ''
the old women were staring at me as if i were a needle they were trying to thread , and i said the only thing i could think of .
under the warmth of that smile , i forgot my legend , my mission- everything - and i blurted the first thing that popped into my mind , ` ` i have a cat ! ''
i mean , it should have been significant - a random civilian initiating contact during an operation - that 's the kind of thing you totally tell your superiors , let alone your best friends .
` ` oh , you know the joneses , '' i said , even though i did n't , but judging by the line of people going in and out of the house at the end of the block , it was probably a pretty safe thing to say .
josh started to turn , but liz was still dangling off the roof , so i blurted out the first thing that came to my mind , ` ` was keith surprised ? ''
she was only three months older than me , so i totally could have gotten mad about the ` ` kid '' thing , but i could n't get mad at her - not then .
here 's the thing you need to know about surveillance : it 's boring .
my roommates and i all looked at each other - the exact same thing crossing our minds- this friday evening !
` ` sure thing , kiddo , '' mom said as she tucked a stray strand of hair behind my ear .
` ` so , is this an inside joke thing or a your - mom - made ' you - buy - it thing ? ''
i looked at her , wondering how can she possibly know such a thing !
yes , you ca n't believe a single thing i ' ve said or done .
the nine - one - one thing had been the totally wrong thing to say , because in a flash , two of the girls were on him , and i had to cry , ` ` eva , courtney , no ! ''
the nine - one - one thing had been the totally wrong thing to say , because in a flash , two of the girls were on him , and i had to cry , ` ` eva , courtney , no ! ''
but somehow i knew that the office of operative development and human intelligence was probably far less concerned about the trash thing than it was about what came after the trash thing .
which , when you have a photographic memory , is pretty much the same thing , but i did n't say so .
bex must have been thinking the same thing , because pretty soon she said , ` ` are you sure you want to spend the next two and a half years doing experiments and cracking codes ? ''
here 's the thing you need to know about sublevel one : it 's big .
because i guess that was the thing i felt the loudest .
and needless to say , that 's not the kind of thing that looks good on a girl 's permanent record .
that was probably the most truthful thing i 'd told him yet , but the boy just smiled at me as if i were funny and flirty and cute .
but even tina walters - the girl who had once hacked into a national security agency satellite in order to look for the alleged boys ' school - did n't have a thing to say .
after all , that is not a thing you should tell a group of girls who have been recently plucked , waxed , gelled , sprayed , and mascaraed .
and that was maybe the most comforting thing i 'd heard all day .
just hours before , i 'd thought that the most humiliating thing in the world would be to encounter your ex - boyfriend and his new girlfriend ... then getting saved by a blackthorne boy ... then finding out that the entire sophomore coveops class and two teachers had heard the whole thing .
the most humiliating thing in the world would be to have all of those things happen and then have your bra mysteriously snap open while dancing with the aforementioned blackthorne boy !
` ` the most important thing any of you will ever do is make people trust you .
our observation post was dusty and cramped , so we sat on the floor , surrounded by candy wrappers and half - eaten bags of microwave popcorn , notebooks , and charts ; and the only thing that was clear was that no matter how much it seemed like normal boys played mind games - going to school with boys who have had actual classes on the subject is infinitely harder .
there were no sounds of squeaking floorboards and giggling girls , and i could n't think of a single thing to say as i stood there drowning in the silence , struggling for breath while my head throbbed and zach leaned closer .
but the one thing that was certain was that nothing was what it seemed .
at that point i might have felt sorry for preston because that was maybe the dorkiest thing i 'd ever heard .
so training for that kind of life means one thing : spy school is never really out of session .
and there you have it - the most important thing any of us had learned over our summer vacation .
okay , here 's the thing you need to know about spy schools- it 's not about hiding them .
i glanced at the girl beside me , wondering the same thing .
` ` i ' m sixteen , '' i said , which was about the dumbest thing ever , but i could n't help it .
in september , it also had a lot of women who were unsure about who to vote for but who were certain about one thing : macey mchenry was a brave , brave girl for surviving what happened to her in boston .
and i did n't hear a thing mr . smith said about ancient rome and the catacombs , which if you know where to look , still provide pretty awesome access to the city .
i 'd imagined what i 'd be wearing and what cool thing i would say , but i can assure you that in none of my fantasies had i been wearing my most uncomfortable jeans and a t - shirt that was two sizes too large .
no one asked about mr . solomon , but one glance at the girls following in the maintenance man 's wake told me that we were all wondering the exact same thing .
here 's the thing you need to know about disguise : it 's not about being unseen .
and a half hour later , i knew to add one more thing to the list : never , ever volunteer to do surveillance on a moving train .
` ` i could ask the same thing of you , gallagher girl , except we should be shutting up now . ''
i ' ve lived with macey for a long time , but one thing every spy learns eventually is that you never know everything , and i 'd never seen macey look like she looked then .
and when i looked at bex , the expression on our faces said the exact same thing : absolutely .
it sounded like the most truthful thing he 'd said to me in ages .
` ` you know macey , '' bex whispered , and it was maybe the truest thing any one of us had said in a very long time .
` ` just tell me one thing : does it involve spandex ? ''
still , the only thing i ' m sure of is that one second we were standing in the shadows of the streetlamps , and the next , we were shrouded in black .
` ` i ' ve never seen the line so long , '' bex said , and i 'd been thinking the same thing .
that 's probably why professor buckingham did n't waste a second before adding , ` ` the second thing is that there will be no more trips off school grounds . ''
but there was only one thing that i knew it was okay to ask .
zach asked as if he could n't believe his eyes , which was maybe the most flattering thing ever .
at least filled my mind , but the halls were crowded , and there was only one thing i dared to say .
and then i said maybe the most honest thing i 'd ever uttered .
the truth of the matter is that , yes , we have been training covert operatives since 1865 , but the thing that no one realizes until they ' ve seen our school for themselves is this : we are a school for girls .
but neither my mother nor bex said a thing .
i wanted to laugh at the joke , to smile , to do as my mother asked and just let it be over , but all i could do was search the doctor 's eyes and say the thing that , until then , i had n't admitted to a single soul .
` ` so what did you ... '' eva alvarez started , then stopped herself as if she 'd already said the wrong thing .
maybe it was the ache in my head or the thought of him and bex together all summer ( and after ) ... maybe it was the conversation i 'd overheard , or all the other things that people were no doubt saying in all the places i could n't hear .
my mother and aunt had said almost exactly the same thing .
i had grown to fear the unsaid thing .
i could see in her eyes that we were thinking the same thing : a hundred yards .
scraps of paper and packing material flew everywhere , but no one said a thing as abby turned the envelope upside down and dumped the contents onto the table .
it was the closest thing to a compliment i 'd ever heard him give .
and yet , there it was - the one thing i had n't had the strength to say to anyone .
so i searched my mother 's eyes and told her the thing that hurt the most right then .
` ` i was about to suggest the same thing . ''
believe it or not , that 's the most romantic thing zachary goode ever told me .
it was the first thing i 'd heard her say in hours , i realized .
i did n't say a thing because , like it or not , the adults in my life were right far more often than they were wrong .
it was like he 'd seen the future , and he was finally telling me the thing he 'd always known , zachary goode 's great and final secret .
i shook my head , the whole thing coming back in bits and pieces .
` ` you survived , '' bex told me , emphasis on the final word , on the only thing that really mattered .
i waited for the objections , the questions , the doubts , but no one said a thing until bex asked , ` ` what do we know about this prison ? ''
we knew preston was there , and we knew he was alive , and that was the only thing that any of us allowed to matter .
let 's get one thing straight .
so i was certain of one thing : their sniper was n't shooting at her .
there were a half dozen reasons i could have given for not getting into that car , but the truth was the one thing i did n't want to say : i did n't want amirah to watch me die .
i 'd been thinking the same thing for weeks - ever since the day when agent townsend and zach walked a shackled catherine back into our school and she had looked around as if she was exactly where she wanted to be .
and now we are at the end of our time at school , and the one thing i know for certain is this : a gallagher girl is whatever she wants to be . ''
kat herself could have added a thousand rumors to the mill , but she stayed quiet , knowing that the only thing no one would believe was the truth .
there were at least a dozen things that she might have said to reclaim her place at the table , but there was only one that really mattered .
he smiled back in a way that said , despite the music and distance , somehow he 'd heard - somehow he was thinking the exact same thing .
it was the single - loudest thing kat had ever heard him say .
he walked down the stage , and when no one said a thing he shot another blaze of bullets into the air .
` ` funny , i was going to say the same thing about you . ''
` ` why would you think such a thing ? ''
but the final thing , kat seemed almost afraid to say .
but , walking through its shadowy halls , the one thing kat knew for certain was that the more hale family homes she saw , the more she understood why her boyfriend preferred the warmth of uncle eddie 's kitchen .
the last thing i want is for the things people say about me to be validated .
the way his shorts are hanging off of his h*ps is reason enough for me to forgive every single negative thing i ' ve learned about him today .
he cuts his eyes to me and smirks like he does n't believe a thing i ' m saying .
the fact that he 's going out of his way to run with me can only mean one thing .
and one more thing i love about you , then i 'll shut up because i ' m only six feet away writing this letter right now and it 's really hard to not climb out my window and come squeeze you .
and the fact that i still find him so incredibly attractive can only mean one thing .
i know my voice will be layered with heartbreak and sadness and i 'll barely be able to speak while attempting to contain my tears , but i take a deep breath anyway and say the most honest thing i can say .
the only thing i ' m certain about right now is that after this moment , i will never be the same .
he says it like he 's about to follow it up with something profound , but instead , my name is the only thing he says .
` ` i just need you to promise me one thing first , '' i say .
i finally give in to the tears because it 's just one more thing that 's trying to get out and i ' m tired of fighting them .
i kiss him for always having the perfect thing to say .
i ca n't see her face , but her body language reveals that this could be that one thing .
it 's quiet and awkward and everyone is still staring , so i say the first thing on my mind .
that 's the last thing grayson says to me .
besides , if i dispel every single thing everyone has said about me for the past year , i 'll be leaving everyone with no one to spread rumors about .
she 's a smartass and she 's sarcastic and every witty thing that comes out of her mouth is like music to my ears because that 's exactly what i want .
i want every single thing i say to her and every single thing i do to her to have significance .
i want every single thing i say to her and every single thing i do to her to have significance .
that 's the only thing i seem to be consistent at in this life .
i figured he 'd have way more than just one thing to say after all that .
i was n't counting while he was talking , but i ' m pretty sure that was more than just one thing .
` ` your mouth was so damn perfect last night , i ' m scared i dreamt that whole thing . ''
` ` i just need you to promise me one thing first , '' she says .
the only thing she asked me with any sincerity on the way here was why i got my tattoo .
i told her the same thing i told her last time she asked me about it ; only this time i think she actually understood .
` ` there is one thing ... '' ` ` what is it ? ''
i have one good thing to say about el al israel airline -- it has personal television screens embedded into the backs of every single seat .
the first thing that comes into my mind and out of my mouth is , ` ` do n't swim on a full stomach . ''
i may just be a sixteen - year - old kid , but i do know one thing : i am not , i repeat , i am not changing dirty diapers .
my dad does n't know the first thing about baseball .
those ballet lessons made me learn one thing : my mom is a patient parent beyond belief .
i was thinking the same thing , '' she says , then stomps back to the sukkah- building activity .
` ` say one good thing . ''
` ` give me one thing you hate . ''
i can say just one thing about it and start rambling .
` ` sure thing , '' jessica says .
i can tell he 's thinking the same thing .
` ` if that is n't the stupidest , most ridiculous , asinine thing i ' ve ever heard , '' i say , then start walking across the street because i need space .
okay , so the label says kif - kaf ' in hebrew , but it 's the same thing .
it probably should n't have affected me as much as it has , but you never know what 's going to be the ` ` thing '' in your life that defines you ( or the thing you should talk to a therapist about at length ) .
as i hear my boyfriend 's last name , i almost choke on the slippery piece of dark meat or gristle or fat or skin or whatever greasy thing i ' m trying to swallow .
and i would ' ve said the same thing if this had happened with your brother , you know . ''
he 's asked one thing of me -he does n't want you sleeping over . ''
` ` one thing i learned a long time ago is that even if you think you 're meant to be with someone , that does n't necessarily mean you get to be with them . ''
brian hoffman : funny , i was about to say the same thing to you .
you wo n't listen to a single thing i say . ''
i ' ve been dying to know how drew 's date thing went last night .
` ` i promise i wo n't say a thing . ''
` ` i ' m sorry if i embarrassed you with that whole riding in your pouch thing . ''
emily said the same thing about me .
` ` carlie said the same thing , '' i say .
that 's the worst thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
what a silly thing to say .
that might be the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me .
` ` i said the same thing , shortcake , '' cindy says , making me wince .
talk about the last thing you want a guy to say about you .
i dig my fingernails into my palm , trying to decide the best thing to say .
immediately , i realized it might not have been the smartest thing to say .
` ` you 'll send vee to juvie for destruction of property and b and e. one more thing .
vee and i had long ago given up educating small - minded people that ` ` fat '' and ` ` curvy '' are not the same thing , but that did n't mean we tolerated the ignorance .
but there was one thing that just was n't adding up .
` ` i was just about to ask you the same thing .
name one thing . ''
what a stupid and risky thing to say .
` ` i wish i could say the same thing right now . ''
we looked at each other , and we were both thinking the same thing .
` ` funny , i was just about to say the same thing to you . ''
and the only thing i wanted right now was to talk everything out with vee .
i guess the only thing left to say is i 'd hoped for a cheerier reception .
do you know i ca n't remember one single thing ?
` ` no , '' i said , because it was the only thing i could think to say .
if there was one good thing patch did , it was bring us together .
` ` that 's a strange thing to say to the guy who bought the car you drove here in . ''
and if there was one thing i wanted , it was to get hank out of my life for good .
it was the last thing i had to bargain with , and he agreed to hand you over , but the best i could get out of him was by the end of summer .
` ` sure thing , gumdrop . ''
` ` in fact , i could have sworn he said he was ... but maybe i imagined the whole thing .
` ` there 's only one thing i know for certain anymore . ''
` ` one thing 's for sure : he sensed something .
in the end , the only thing between us was silence .
` ` then let 's get one thing straight .
` ` answer me one thing , '' the old woman said shrewdly after a heavy pause .
i was n't sure i 'd made the right choice every time , but i knew one thing for certain .
i 'll tell you one thing .
` ` but this morning , i basically told dante the same thing .
i did n't understand a single thing mr . huron tried to teach us today .
it was a horrible thing to say .
failure meant only one thing : death .
i only wanted one thing , and he was gone .
this is another thing you do n't advertise about yourself , but adam gets that , too .
` ` the racism thing is kind of obvious .
later , i found out that she did the same thing about me , though her major complaint was that she thought i was a bitch .
and now i ' m more sure than ever that there 's no such thing .
it 's some anti - anxiety thing i ' m supposed to take when i ' m feeling jittery .
her eerie quiet had all of us thinking the same thing : brain damage .
that article , the ` ` twenty under 20 '' thing from all about us that liz showed me , i do remember one thing about it .
when bryn said that , uttered out loud the thing that to my never - ending shame i sometimes felt , i 'd fallen in love with her a little bit .
it occurs to me that this is maybe the most honest thing i ' ve said all night , but the way i ' ve said it transforms it into a lie .
then i remember how earlier tonight , she told me the same thing , right before she bummed a cigarette .
they all told me the same thing . ''
` ` i told her the same thing .
` ` i ' m ... uh ... home for christmas vacation , '' i answered , saying the first thing that came to mind .
` ` i do know one thing , '' he continued .
that 's the only thing you can say to an offer like that .
` ` blood must be spilled for the recipient to gain the sight , '' annwyl murmured as keirran 's lips moved , probably reciting the same thing to kenzie .
i have already been there , and she will tell you the same thing i am about to . ''
leanansidhe must ' ve been thinking the same thing .
i 'd done the whole ` ` prickly bastard '' thing for so long , i did n't know what was real anymore .
` ` she 'll tell you the same thing . ''
and by the way keirran went pale , he was thinking the same thing .
` ` just promise me one thing , '' i whispered as we drew back a little .
when annwyl is safe , i 'll tell you the whole thing , i promise . ''
she was beautiful , an angel who had reached down and yanked me out of my miserable , lonely existence , and dammit if that was n't the sappiest thing i 'd ever thought but it was completely true .
` ` ice - boy 's been saying the same thing for years , kid .
i do n't know if it 's because that 's the nicest thing she could think to say about me , or if it 's because i ' m not being such a good girl right now .
we 'd hang out , and he 'd flirt with me and invite me lots of places and pay for me even , and he 'd confide all kinds of personal things , including , yes , about the girls he was dating .
as for the last thing he said , i do n't know if it 's true .
shane used to hold my hand and say flirty , sweet things .
part of me wants to disavow the whole thing .
and , oh , it is so the right thing to say .
and though i have n't told him one single thing about my family , not even that they were coming , let alone what they believe about me , what they expect of me , he still shows up in a pair of plain jeans and a sweater , something i ' ve never seen him wear before .
if dee and i were still friends , it would be the kind of thing that would make us look at each other and roll our eyes .
i see myself with evan , after we slept together for the first time and he said something about how this meant we were the closest people to each other , and it had been a sweet thing to say , but it felt like something he 'd gotten out of a book .
it 's such a weird thing to say , if that 's what i ' ve said .
there 's a moment of silence as i steel myself to say the next thing .
and when she says the next thing , it 's not snide so much as matter - of - fact : ` ` even if you find him .
i think we basically believe in the same thing .
that curious cryptic thing wren said when we first met in paris comes back to me : i know hospitals .
i should have known better than to say a thing like that .
before that , condolence emails , some of them still unopened , and before that , notes from bram , mostly silly things he liked to forward to me , a restaurant review of a place he wanted to try out , a photo of a particularly monstrous piece of architecture , an invitation to help on his latest fix - it project .
i 'll give you one thing , it was n't boring , '' henk says .
she 'd said that me calling her an accident might be the most flattering thing anyone has ever said about her .
which is a funny thing to say because i was n't that motivated yesterday .
it had seemed a peculiar thing to say .
sometimes even when life is n't that tenuous , i think and i wonder if she 's thinking the same thing .
though in some strange way , it seemed like another unsaid thing she already knew .
they roll off my tongue and i feel like i am him , the calculating operator who says one thing and wants another .
and it 's such a strange thing to hear , because i 'd always thought bram built the boat for yael .
petra , linus , even marina , they all stare at me , not saying a thing .
` ` i think acting , that girl , it 's the same thing .
that 's another thing you have to be prepared for , how dysfunctionally co - dependent we all are . ''
of course she throws in the whole call her the second i leave work thing , and finally i start to believe this is happening .
hence the whole woods thing .
` ` there 's one thing you should know , though .
i say the first thing that pops into my head .
i kind of forget about the name thing and wonder why he 's lonely .
that would never be the first thing out of a girl 's mouth .
another thing boys could get away with , we ca n't .
his eyes close again and i know i ' ve just said the worst possible thing .
it 's like he said the perfect thing because i feel the same way .
your mom wo n't suspect a thing . ''
there 's not , which only means one thing .
i know i ' ve said the right thing when he gives me his real smile .
` ` funny , he says the same thing about you . ''
i know it 's about the stupidest thing i can say .
it 's a ridiculous thing to say , but all i can come up with .
i do n't know if i ' m saying the wrong thing or right thing , which puts me on edge .
i do n't know if i ' m saying the wrong thing or right thing , which puts me on edge .
besides , i do n't know the first thing about building a gazebo . ''
just answer one thing for me , will ya ?
if the whole thing comes out , leah could be dragged into this , too .
the most important thing i ' ve learned the past few months is that friends are invaluable .
she has n't smiled or said one remotely positive thing since this trip started .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , sweetheart , '' he says from behind me .
i never say the right thing around her .
` ` i can say the same thing , caleb .
` ` i was afraid of the same thing about you , '' i admit .
i think that sam would lose his mind if he were to see the same thing .
one thing he kept repeating was that they were here hunting something , or somebody .
the one thing said about me is the one thing that was n't written .
the one thing said about me is the one thing that was n't written .
the woods are alive , swarming with shadows that can only mean one thing , but i do n't care .
i coast through the day , keeping to myself as one thing runs through my mind .
the last thing i have to tell you is that we did n't move to paradise by chance .
` ` the morlocks , '' i say , the first thing i remember from english class .
` ` i was going to ask you the same thing ! ''
` ` and the last thing ? ''
marina and i look at each other and we can tell we 're both thinking the same thing .
i ' m tempted to say the same thing to him .
marina must have realized the same thing .
i ' m nervous and nine 's story from the other night is the first thing that pops into my mind .
with all this crazy shit going on , that 's the first thing that comes to you ? '
' it 's the only thing that comes to me , ' i say .
as the black turns to blue , the whispers grow louder , repeating the same thing , over and over , ' there is more to know . '
she asks , shocked that i would dare to ask such a thing .
the only thing i ' m really certain of is that my imaginings of escape are n't real .
it 's the closest thing he 's had to a question about the others since we walked in .
` ` one thing i remember is about your chests .
` ` yeah , totally , '' i reply , as if i understand the first thing about being connected to the weather .
` ` i can tell you one thing for certain .
after everything i put her through last night , even after the whole thing with the kiss , and she still wants to see me again .
i know a thing or two about guilt , but i do n't know what the hell to say to this kid .
the only thing i can read is her continued disappointment in me .
i have to go back through years of nothing to remember any one thing . ''
one thing , '' i say .
` ` just tell me one thing you remember from before the mogs took you . ''
you already told me there 's one important thing you remember from before , one thing you did n't even have to try to remember . ''
you already told me there 's one important thing you remember from before , one thing you did n't even have to try to remember . ''
but i had to ask him one more thing .
but now he 's decided to talk , and the thing he says is the one thing i ' ve been dreading .
but now he 's decided to talk , and the thing he says is the one thing i ' ve been dreading .
it was the right thing for me to say .
and that can only mean one thing .
he 's crying about the wrong thing , and i find myself almost jealous of that .
some of the people who emailed me said i was in their prayers , and while that was a nice thing for them to say , i wanted to tell them their prayers could probably be redirected to more deserving people .
he and i would be in people magazine together , and maybe on the today show , and he 'd be really young and really cute , and maybe one night he 'd say he had feelings for me , and i 'd have to figure out if it was , like , narcissism or something if you slept with someone who had your blood inside of him , and then i 'd decide it was n't , and we 'd be all happy together , and when people asked how we met , we 'd say , ` ` it 's the craziest story ... '' luckily , the questions got easier after the whole blood type thing .
i flipped from newscast to newscast - they were all saying the same thing , and i guess it all depended on who you wanted to be telling it to you .
this last one , ( d ) , is because that 's what i wore to mitchell 's party , and the first thing that jasper said to me was , ` ` hey , that 's a pretty tight t - shirt '' -and at first i was all embarrassed , and then he said , ` ` no , that 's a good thing . ''
and i want to tell her what she says is impossible - there is no such thing as all right .
we are making our own temporary constellation , and it does n't spell a single thing .
but they did n't cancel it , and they 're here , and we 're here , and we 're all cheering , and then he says the thing that does me in , which is that there are six thousand of us here tonight , and i look around the room from the balcony and see all of the people here , and that number is just too painful , because right now , that 's the number of people they 're saying died in the world trade center - six thousand - and it 's like suddenly radio city music hall has been turned into a way station for ghosts , because i ' m imagining all the people who died sitting in our rows , from the front row of the orchestra to the last row of the third balcony , and because of the gold - plated walls and the glowing lights and the red velvet chairs , it 's both indescribably depressing and inexplicably magisterial .
i love you more than that , i wanted to say , but there was no way to say it , because that was n't the kind of thing my family said .
i want to find the thing i most do n't want to say , the thing i am the most unsure of , because i do n't know if i ' m going to have this chance again .
i want to find the thing i most do n't want to say , the thing i am the most unsure of , because i do n't know if i ' m going to have this chance again .
i know i should be planning the next thing to say - i know i should be trying to tap into all the relationship politics , the signs and signals , that could be at the table .
totally the same thing . ''
it was the closest thing to the truth .
because that 's pretty much the only thing you wo n't tell me , which i do appreciate , and on second thought , do n't answer that question .
bethany was n't sure how long that nothing had lasted , but the next thing she 'd heard was dawson telling her to please wake up and that he loved her .
` ` that 's not really- '' ` ` i was just telling katy here the same thing . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , but that was the most thoughtful thing i ' ve ever heard you say .
and here i was , ruining probably the nicest thing he would ever say to me .
` ` okay , this is going to sound insane and let 's get one thing straight .
i actually wanted to take the whole thing back .
there 's no such thing as that .
` ` the same thing you 'd mean .
he 's only making the lip thing at me . ''
not the most eloquent thing i 'd ever said , but it was the best i could come up with .
` ` not like anyone is going to say a thing to me . ''
` ` i wanted to talk about the whole lake thing .
` ` i ' m not sure i like the ' kind of ' thing .
he paused , struggling for the right thing to say .
i guess the whole window thing freaked me out . ''
silence fell between us , and i could n't help but wonder if we were thinking the same thing .
` ` i was just about to ask you the same thing . ''
wrong thing to say , because i heard daemon promise , i will break him in two .
and that was n't the right thing to say .
` ` that was the wrong thing to say . ''
and dad ... he always said the same thing .
because damn if i was wondering that very thing , but the car was way too small for those kinds of shenanigans .
` ` what about the whole you die , i die thing ? ''
but you ' ve got to promise me the same thing .
` ` i know we do n't always get along , and i know the whole connection thing freaked you out , but you knew you could always trust me .
right before i hung up , she pushed the whole going - to - see - a - doctor - for - my - voice thing again .
such a lie , but it seemed like the right thing to say .
` ` see , that 's possibly the stupidest thing you ' ve ever said . ''
he seemed to think the same thing and showed it as one side of his lip curled up into a trademark daemon smirk .
andrew had said the same thing days before and even though hearing him say it sucked , coming from dee 's mouth gave it a wasp - sting - like quality .
` ` i never said such a thing . ''
` ` that 's pretty much the only thing you ' ve said so far that i like . ''
he was already out the door before anyone could say a thing .
he 's like a ... '' ` ` godfather , '' i said , and then i flushed , because that was the stupidest thing i could say .
` ` you 're right ; it 's not the same thing .
` ` and there 's only one thing that feels like that .
see lesa and know her best friend was dead and pretend i did n't know a thing .
so many emotions were running through me that i could n't settle on one thing , but they were all good .
` ` that 's the most intelligent thing i ' ve heard you say . ''
instead of wandering through downstairs rooms , i go directly to the stairway and climb away from the crowded areas , through the libraries where men whisper secret things to giggling girls .
` ` that 's an odd thing for him to say .
` ` sometimes , maybe , '' i say , mostly to myself , because it is n't the sort of thing father would ever admit .
` ` the most important thing i ' ve ever asked . ''
but the one thing i can hold on to is that if he created it , he could also know how to cure it .
that ... that was the only thing he could remember about his life .
the kid giggled like he 'd just said the funniest thing in history .
thomas remembered alby telling him that very thing .
that 's usually the dumbest shuck - faced thing you could ask a runner . ''
` ` smartest thing you ' ve said in a week . ''
and tommy , you 're not allowed to say a buggin ' thing until we ask you to .
` ` say one more thing like that and i 'll break your neck , right here in front of everybody . ''
when his malicious stare fell back on thomas , he had one last thing to say .
` ` well , the same thing she said when we pulled her out of the box , about things changing .
the second thing he learned about himself , as if the night in the maze had n't proved it already , was that his body was in perfect shape .
` ` smartest thing you ' ve said yet , greenie . ''
but he and all the gladers were far too rational and intelligent to conclude such a thing .
` ` yeah , i ' ve been thinking the same thing .
thomas thought that was the smartest thing he 'd heard alby say in a long time .
but thomas could think of only one thing .
and i felt like i needed to say that thing about the code before i lost it .
and the thing i wrote on my arm - wicked is good .
teresa - what about the thing you wrote on your arm ?
it took all of his effort , but he said one last thing before the darkness took him for good .
apparently minho 's pronouncement had already been whispered through the ranks , because the first thing newt said was ` ` well , we knew we 'd have to fight . ''
but the tremor in his voice gave him away - he was just trying to say the right thing .
he really hoped the one - person - a - night thing was true now .
it 's the most ridiculous thing i can say .
the only thing i can come up with is i made you uncomfortable and that freaks me out .
chapter nine w - day aka weigh day it 's been the same thing for a week since the incident at the pageant .
` ` and that 's such a boy thing to say . ''
like always , he knows the perfect thing to say .
just call the whole stupid street the same thing .
` ` how do you always know the right thing to say ? ''
` ` but i do agree with your mother on one thing .
it 's always so much harder for me to find the right thing to say .
what a lame thing to say , but he caught me by surprise and i ' m lost - lost on how to help him through whatever it is he 's dealing with .
tegan said the same thing to me so many times .
` ` that 's the most decent thing i have ever heard you say .
you can sleep with your own self tonight , you mean thing , you ! ''
` ` it is to be devoutly hoped , miss , that you will not take up other disgusting habits like chewing tobacco and spitting or saying things like pshaw ! ''
` ` i will ask one thing of you , jacky , and that is to do everything in your power to get my girl here back to her people in new york . ''
what a strange thing to say ...
that thing the ticket agent said last week when he examined the manifest of the jefferson hayes for jaimy 's name has stayed with me : he said lieutenant james fletcher , not mr . james fletcher .
we relaxed with her , in a quiet made thunderous after our mad flight , and the only thing i can recall the doctor saying on the long ride home that night was this : ` ` well , will henry .
` ` the thing i said about appetite , '' he said deliberately , clearly taken aback by my reaction , ` ` applies to the emotions as well , will henry .
told us the same thing larose told chanler 's poor wife- '' ` ` lepto lurconis , '' murmured the doctor .
` ` now , doc , i told you what fiddler said ... ... '' ` ` the same thing he said to me , and did i listen ?
as we rattled south within sight of the choppy waters of the east river , i glanced at the doctor , wondering if i should risk asking him again what had happened - though i was certain it could be only one thing : john chanler was dead .
he used to tell me the same thing , but that was a very long time ago .
it was clearly the last thing he 'd expected warthrop to say .
` ` and one other thing you should know .
was he thinking the same thing as i ?
` ` i think that is the most pitifully tragic thing i ' ve ever heard anyone say .
but you said there was no anti- '' ` ` yes , i did , and no , there is n't , because there is no such thing , will henry .
i looked because of the tight thing unwinding , das ungeheuer , the me / not - me , tantalus 's grapes , the thing you can not name .
the thing i knew but did not understand .
the only thing in mr . kendall 's stomach was mr . kendall .
the only thing that makes sense only makes sense if you know john kearns . ''
it was absolutely the worst thing he could have said , and he knew it .
is that the same thing ? ''
that 's the thing you do n't understand , that your mother does n't understand , that no one understands .
i do n't recall asking you a damn thing . ''
he looked up into those depthless black eyes , the eyes of a predator , a hunter like himself - into those shining eyes , his eyes , and he said the one thing , the only thing , that could save his life : ` ` i do know where it is .
he looked up into those depthless black eyes , the eyes of a predator , a hunter like himself - into those shining eyes , his eyes , and he said the one thing , the only thing , that could save his life : ` ` i do know where it is .
finally i said the only thing i could remember from the doctor 's lecture in the hansom .
` ` that is the last thing i wanted to confirm with you , '' warthrop said , casting his eyes about for eavesdroppers .
` ` the same thing that happened to the girl out there - that happens to anyone who touches the rot of stars .
it struck me as an exceedingly odd thing to say to the one recuperating from its terrible bite .
` ` you have just defined the very thing you denied . ''
` ` i think we both have , will , '' he said , breaking the silence between us but not the thing that lay in silence between us .
there is one last thing i must say before i go .
one last thing i must say lips slightly parted these are the secrets these are the secrets these are the secrets four the light of the monstrumologist 's lamp kissed the rough surface of the egg ; he leaned over it , bringing the lens of the loupe close , and his breath was but a whisper of wind through that beautiful meadow at springtime .
he recoiled at my reply , the last thing he expected me to say , or perhaps the opposite : he knew to the bottom of that secret place hidden in all hearts what i would say .
` ` uncle abram was right about one thing : to these men , honor is everything .
-dante , the paradiso canto 1 one i circumnavigate the years to come round again , for time is the unforgiveable lie , and mother and father forever waltz in flame and a stranger forever leans over me , asking do you know who i am ? , and this is the thing i must tell you , this is the thing you must know : that we are infinitely more and nothing less than our reflections in the amber eye .
-dante , the paradiso canto 1 one i circumnavigate the years to come round again , for time is the unforgiveable lie , and mother and father forever waltz in flame and a stranger forever leans over me , asking do you know who i am ? , and this is the thing i must tell you , this is the thing you must know : that we are infinitely more and nothing less than our reflections in the amber eye .
` ` there is still one thing i do n't understand . ''
maybe he made the whole thing up . ''
she 'd asked me the same thing at least a thousand times .
` ` i heard , and that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard , that my sister would agree to something like that .
fifteen i had one thing to say for hope mason .
normally , hunter was a douche , but a nice one - if there was such a thing .
hunter would have said the same thing .
i just have one thing to say to you .
` ` i say something and you say the first thing that comes to your mind .
` ` what was the first thing that came to your mind when you saw me ? ''
what was the second thing you thought when you saw me ? ''
` ` first thing you thought when you saw me ? ''
` ` okay , how about the first thing you thought when you saw me in human sex ? ''
` ` that was the sexiest thing you ' ve ever said .
that was the sexiest thing you ' ve ever said . ''
nothing after she 'd said the thing about travis had seemed real .
that was the thing that i did n't want to tell anyone .
was the first thing she asked .
so many people had told me the same thing , hundreds of times .
` ` one thing you should also believe , sir , '' hisses bliffil , far down the table , ` ` is that warrant officer jared glosses over the fact that the wolverine , when under her supposed command , took four prizes and she turned only three of them over to the king .
it was a simple thing and not overly wordy : my dear madame de groote , if you wish to catch your husband with a prostitute , then go to 127 , rue de londres , room # 7 , at midnight tonight .
and one more thing , if i might .
` ` betrayal ... such an awful word ... '' is the last thing i say .
i do n't need to prove a thing . ''
` ` that 's a rude thing to say , '' andy tells him as there 's another montage of pictures - tracy accepting a gymnastics award , me winning a prize at a science fair for my model of a cell .
the very last thing .
if the only thing that idiot comes out of this with is a horrible hangover and a dry - cleaning bill , he 's way luckier than he has any right to be .
but sometimes - like now - i wonder if , for nan , there 's any such thing .
` ` same thing , '' she says .
` ` you 're kidding , '' i say , which i know is the wrong thing to say , but honestly .
in my brief shining moments as a political animal , that 's one thing i ' ve learned .
` ` i mentioned the same thing in my little text back .
it was the funniest thing either of us had ever heard .
one thing i ' m absolutely sure of .
i was n't going to lie and say i was sorry ; there was n't any reason for me to say i was sorry , except for the bruce the second thing , but i was pretty sure this was n't about the bruce the second thing .
i was n't going to lie and say i was sorry ; there was n't any reason for me to say i was sorry , except for the bruce the second thing , but i was pretty sure this was n't about the bruce the second thing .
one more thing i have to know .
it 's the last thing she expects , and she is amused no matter how much i ' ve disappointed her by wanting to be her friend .
and now ely 's saying the same exact thing .
and it 's like this was the thing i needed to know in order to make all the other things i knew make sense .
and it 's like this was the thing i needed to know in order to make all the other things i knew make sense .
there are certain things a girl just knows , like that a fourth minute on a punk song is a bad , bad idea , or that no way does a jersey - boy bassist with astor place hair who wears torn - up , bleach - stained black jeans and a faded black t - shirt with orange lettering that says when i say jesus , you say christ , swing down boy - boy alley ; he 's working the ironic punk boy - johnny cash angle too hard to be a ' mo .
because wanting to go home is the kind of thing you speak up about .
i find the courage to ask , ` ` are n't sweet and scary the same thing to you ? ''
there is a silence , and in that silence i hate all boys , for never knowing the right thing to say .
he knows it pisses me off when he calls me kid even more than the last name thing .
i laugh because that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard .
after hours of lying awake in the dark , i get up and turn on my laptop and look up the first thing that pops into my mind .
the scowl on her face tells me i said the wrong thing .
the look she gives me tells me that was definitely the wrong thing to say .
having a guy crush on me is one thing .
like my drumsticks , no matter what happens , i know music will always be a part of me ... so far , that 's the only thing i ' m sure of . ''
sweat drips into my closed eyes , but i keep going , because this is the one thing i have to offer her .
my whispered words are probably the most honest thing i ' ve said since we met .
only probably not exactly the same thing because bishop and i did n't have sex .
the thing i made fun of him for ?
him being some kind of rock star was an okay thing to share because it did n't make him look bad .
the last thing i ever would have thought i would say is that i actually kind of enjoy going to my meetings .
he could n't think of a single thing to say that was n't lame .
` ` just tell me one thing : why ?
dodge thought bishop might not answer , might still try to deny the whole thing .
when she could finally speak , the only thing she could say was : ` ` i hate her . ''
that 's the last thing i need to hear .
chapter 6 alex okay , so i should n't have f**ked with her on the introduction thing .
` ` or poms , '' darlene chimes in before i can say the same thing .
chapter 15 brittany one thing in life is certain -- i am not making out with alex fuentes .
` ` sure thing , mrs . ellis , '' colin responds .
` ` that 's the stupidest f**king thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` nope , have n't heard a thing .
` ` if there 's one thing i learned , it 's that nobody is here forever .
i remember something about a solar system , but i ' m too light - headed to recite the entire thing all over again .
she shakes her head as if that 's the most ridiculous thing she 's ever heard .
i bet mrs . w. does n't know the first thing about authentic tacos .
` ` you said you were fallin ' in love with me , and that 's the last thing a guy like me needs to hear .
and another thing ... '' she bends down so she 's eye to eye with me .
that 's totally not an appropriate thing to ask .
` ` at least you did one thing right .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , grandpa .
luis tells me the same thing ...
i know it 's a stupid thing to say , but no other words come .
the way my week has been goin ' , that 's the last thing i expected to hear . ''
` ` i 'll understand if the no sex thing is a deal - breaker for you , '' she says shyly .
` ` my ma said the same thing . ''
` ` i 'd ask you the same thing , '' he says .
` ` i need to say one more thing . ''
tell me one thing : have you ever seen me play ? ''
he stares at her for a long time , probably trying to verify that her thoughts are saying the same thing as her mouth .
it 's the first thing i say that actually sounds how i want it to and the only thing i instantly regret .
it 's the first thing i say that actually sounds how i want it to and the only thing i instantly regret .
sometimes i wonder the same thing .
` ` i swear that 's the only thing you ever say anymore .
it 's a stupid response to what she said , but it 's the only thing i care about .
inconclusive is the same thing as saying maybe , and my dad never says maybe .
it 's the harshest thing i ' ve ever heard trevor say , and it makes me smile a little because i can think of so much worse .
i can tell that was the wrong thing to say because his face pales .
i rolled my eyes , knowing he probably only remembered one thing about that night .
` ` so what 's the other thing ? ''
it was hard to believe my dad had lied to me again , to my face like that , but it was the only thing that made sense .
` ` it 's the only thing you ever ask me for . ''
` ` okay , thing two .
the first thing he said was , ` ` i was n't supposed to meet you . ''
so that was the best thing he could ' ve said in return .
like me telling him trevor liked me was the best thing i had ever told him .
` ` is n't it strange they have n't asked you a single thing about yourself ? ''
and the worst memory of all was the thing ... the jenna thing .
that was why the virginity pledge thing made no sense .
` ` it 's this thing i say sometimes , '' maya said .
then she remembered the thing maya said yesterday .
all the messages said the same thing .
` ` that 's not a very sensitive thing to say in front of your sister . ''
each said the exact same thing : i ' m still here , bitches .
she could n't think of a single innocuous thing to tell beth - everything in her life was tainted with strife .
` ` sean just texted me the funniest thing . ''
` ` am i going to have to tackle you to see this thing ? ''
everyone immediately nodded - they 'd all been thinking the same thing .
emily wondered if aria was thinking about the same thing she was - could ian be telling the truth ?
and she was pretty sure kate would have said it , if hanna had n't said the herpes thing first .
she repeated it over and over , like it was the only thing she could say .
` ` what a retarded thing to say . ''
it was obvious they were all thinking the same thing .
byron had invited mike over after school so he could get to know meredith better , although the only thing mike had said to meredith so far was that her boobs had really grown since she 'd gotten knocked up .
it was probably just some amish thing she was supposed to know .
otherwise you might end up assuming the wrong thing . ''
how on earth could people believe such a crazy thing ?
as usual , it was crowded with flowers and candles and impersonal notes that said things like we 'll miss you and rest in peace .
how could the cops believe such a thing ?
she thought of the other thing jason said after aria exposed that he 'd been a mental patient .
` ` i bet she 'll tell you the same thing . ''
aria could tell they were all thinking the same thing .
it had been the most wonderful thing hanna had ever heard .
by the looks on her friends ' faces , she was sure they were thinking the exact same thing .
she took in a deep breath and said the scariest thing she could even imagine out loud : ` ` guys , tabitha was n't ali .
emily must have been thinking the same thing , because she cleared her throat .
that was another thing people said about the preserve : the suicide rate was worryingly high .
it was such an isaac thing to say , sensitive and moony and a little goofy all at the same time .
it was the most preposterous thing spencer had ever heard .
spencer nodded , thinking the same thing .
the only real thing she shared was that she was going on a trip to reykjavik , iceland , soon with aria , noel , and mike .
` ` you mean the no - sex thing , right ? ''
i guess i should ask you the same thing . ''
everyone exchanged a horrified glance , definitely thinking the same thing at the same time .
` ` that 's the most bourgeois thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` that 's a strange thing to say . ''
` ` it 's the only thing that makes sense - not just for the money aspect , but because of other stuff , too .
it was just the first thing that popped into my head .
she 'd been thinking the same thing .
but one thing 's for sure : i ' m definitely , definitely not with sean .
it was the last thing she 'd thought he was going to say .
` ` that 's not really a nice thing to say , hanna .
but here 's the thing about seeing and knowing everything - sometimes ignorance is safer .
emily looked away , like she did n't believe ali could say such a thing .
that 's the thing i was thinking just before i accidentally called you .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing , '' melissa murmured .
when she saw the determined expressions on her friends ' faces , she knew they were thinking the exact same thing .
even though she knew this was the end , even though she 'd probably be dead in a few minutes and ali would escape again , she did n't want this to be the last thing she ever said .
a lot of girls who 'd never spoken to jenna were saying the exact same thing .
her blackberry 's screen read the same thing .
` ` do you think this means ... the jenna thing ? ''
` ` well , the first thing i want you to know is , this is a safe space . ''
she got around a rosewood boy and froze , blurting out the first idiotic thing that came out of her mouth - which , for some reason , was often about math .
` ` sure thing , '' emily chirped .
spencer even hated ali sometimes , especially the way she always could manipulate her , and how she 'd threatened to point the finger at spencer for the jenna thing if she ever told what she knew .
` ` i was going to say the same thing to you . ''
` ` this is n't the easiest thing to say , but ... i do n't think this is going to work out . ''
hanna , aria , and emily all thought of the same thing : do n't you sometimes want to kill her ?
that was the stupidest thing emily had ever heard .
lucas grinned like this was the most amusing thing he 'd ever heard .
he said the same thing to me - about you ! ''
` ` i should tell her that there 's no such thing as santa claus . ''
` ` uh , i was on a bike ride , '' aria answered , saying the first thing that came to mind .
hanna was thinking the same thing .
it was the nicest thing anyone had said to her in quite a while , but it was too much for her to bear , especially coming from andrew .
ella chortled as if this was the funniest thing anyone had ever said .
copycat a or not , the photos proved one thing : the farther she stayed away from her mom and her new relationship , the better .
` ` i was thinking the same thing ! ''
but was n't that the big , scary thing she 'd figured out about herself over the past few months ?
it had been in this very bowling alley that emily asked ali her one and only question about the time capsule game - and the spooky thing ian had said to ali that day .
her father , byron , had said the same thing at dinner the previous night - that reaching out to ali 's long - lost sister might help aria heal from ali 's death .
for a moment , aria was afraid she 'd said the wrong thing .
practically the only thing she 'd learned from the ali experience was that some things were too good to be true .
practically the only thing she 'd learned from the ali experience was that some things were too good to be true .
i lied to you about one thing .
i refused to talk , refused to say one word , because if i did , i could have said the wrong thing and sent my mom to jail .
it 's the saddest damn thing i ' ve ever heard .
he said the same thing over and over again .
` ` i was about to say the same thing to you . ''
every message says the same thing : i ' m sorry .
i blink and close my mouth , not having realized that i had verbalized a thing .
his body says one thing , but his mouth says another .
the words come out naturally , as if i normally tell the world this sort of thing .
` ` that 's possibly the most screwed - up thing i ' ve ever heard you say , '' she mumbles .
hoping for a perfect moment , i was going to wait until after dinner to give her what i ' ve brought with me , but the one thing i ' m learning with beth is that perfection will never happen .
the best in the county or state , but when you get to college , you 're going to meet fifty other guys who can brag the same thing .
we ' ve had an uneasy truce since i came home from the hospital and sometimes i ' m scared i ' m going to say the wrong thing and send her over the edge .
that was a crappy thing to say .
brian belongs in a different realm of popular than me , and the thought of saying the wrong thing and becoming a laughingstock makes my insides squirm .
this is n't a new twist to the story after all , just a new way of saying the same old thing .
` ` one thing you should learn about me - i do n't argue . ''
look , i know this is the last thing you want to hear , but you should give her another shot . ''
` ` tell me how the thing with your mom went . ''
before i can read the entire thing , i scramble across the floor to my bathroom and discover that my panic has entered a new stage : vomiting blood .
` ` the same thing i think when i look in the mirror every morning - that 's the face of someone living in pissed - off desperation . ''
my brothers and father say the same thing about my mom .
davy and tink overhear this , and davy says , ` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard .
maybe it goes back to that thing in the bible where god gave man dominion over the beasts of the ield - i remember pap beam reciting that one to me when he and his boys had a rope around my neck and were preparing to string me up - and how the church holds that animals ai n't got souls , which i believe is wrong .
i had no idea what that was , but it sounded like a made - up thing .
it did n't seem like the sort of thing i could rightly ask my foster mother .
which seemed like an odd thing for him to say .
` ` once , i 'd have thought you were crazy for saying such a thing , but i believe you 're right .
you know she says the same thing about me helping doc in the office ? ''
` ` one thing i do n't understand , '' stalker said .
that might be a stupid thing to say , given how little anybody thought of me just then .
the world was a big place , full of wonders , and it had taught us both so many things .
` ` the next thing is , i need you to lock up after i leave . ''
i 'd wondered the same thing .
the only thing i ask is that you do n't harm the uroch .
i went on , ` ` one last thing .
` ` remember the great thing about cones ? ''
` ` though there was one thing . ''
it was the same thing that stewart had told joel eight years ago .
my aunt glenda , charlotte 's mother , filled the ten - minute gap by asking the same thing in between lady arista 's interrogations .
whereas the first thing lesley said when i introduced them to each other was ` ` ask him if he ever buried treasure anywhere . ''
if you said the wrong thing , you could be burnt as a witch .
in the old days , when i used to ask my brother - that 's your dear grandfather - about all these secrets , he always told me the same thing .
no one here knows the first thing about chameleons .
it had sounded more like a magic spell than a poem , the kind of thing that wicked witches mutter in films while they stir a cauldron with green vapors rising from it .
it was the first thing to come into my head .
the first thing that went through my head when gideon came into the room was , why does n't he have to wear a hat ?
` ` how could such a thing be overlooked ? ''
this seemed to be the funniest thing lord brompton had ever heard .
he gave me a crooked smile , and it occurred to me that only an hour ago , i 'd have sworn he would never admit to such a thing .
she 'd never say a thing like that . ''
` ` i could say a thing or two about guys who blindfold their girlfriends so they can check up on mobiles at their leisure , '' observed xemerius .
lesley said that was the best thing she 'd heard in a long time , and i entirely agreed .
` ` let 's get one thing clear : i hate musicals , '' said gideon .
` ` why would she say a thing like that ? ''
he had said the same thing at the soiree , when i burst into tears at the sound of gideon 's violin playing .
of course mr . grizzle would never have said such a thing , he was much too polite , and aunt glenda was too good a customer , but my mum had said something rather like it the evening before .
no one likes to hear that kind of thing from someone after spending only a few hours with her .
` ` yes , i know , my love , it 's so dreadful , and i do hope it does n't mean what may be the most obvious thing to- '' ` ` you ' ve skipped a bit , i think , '' i said , interrupting her again .
that was the last thing i heard before a great void swallowed me up .
i remembered the last thing i 'd heard him say , and once again i tried to sit up , but dr . white would n't let me .
` ` that was the first thing that crossed my own mind , '' he said .
the people at that party wo n't know the first thing about historical periods . ''
there were probably whole armies of rats living in this labyrinth , and - still imagining things - i thought that if i were a giant spider , this would be an ideal place to live and go hunting .
i do n't know what else to say , because i ' m terrible at small talk and usually say the wrong thing , but jett appears to be gifted in that area as well .
this is the one thing that i say that is n't a lie .
this is the thing i should have said out loud .
jett looks at me and it 's like he 's thinking the exact same thing at the exact same time .
before i can say a thing he puts his hands up .
it seems like a weird thing to say , so i look away from him when i say it .
well , there 's one thing i could tell him , but all my friends know about my virginity , so that actually does n't count .
maybe there is n't a right thing to say in this situation .
there is no way i can say the right thing . ''
just an open door that means the same thing every time .
adam is a nice name is the only thing i can think of before exhaustion cripples my body .
they found us is the only thing i can think of .
he mumbles something that sounds like , ` ` it 's not the same thing . ''
` ` god you look incredible , '' is the first thing he says to me .
` ` that is the first smart thing you ' ve said , brit . ''
` ` i 'll say one thing , sister , '' cassie added .
bebe realized the same thing .
i was wondering the very same thing .
i asked v. ` ` i was just about to ask you the same thing . ''
` ` i wo n't tell a soul , '' mary said , ` ` but you have to tell me one thing .
allie knew she had to think of something quick , and so she said the first thing that came to mind .
` ` the ' beauty and the beast ' thing does n't work with me , okay ? ` `
one thing allie was certain of : he had more brains than his small head would suggest , and was pretty much the glue that held things together around the sulphur queen .
there was a long way to go - a dozen things that could go wrong - but there was one thing she knew she could count on : the mcgill 's arrogance , and his blind faith in her false fortune .
i do n't know the first thing about good deeds . ''
as wonderful as that chocolate smell was , it could only mean one thing .
` ` you also have to promise one more thing . ''
some held bricks , others metal pipes or bats -- but one thing was clear -- every single one of them was armed and prepared for a fight .
the gray - suited thug to her right stepped forward , and recited for her the same thing he probably recited to every afterlight unlucky enough to stumble into this miserable enclave .
it was the first thing that pugsy said that really caught mary by surprise .
` ` what an odd thing to say -- i thought you two were friends .
` ` who 's he calling a thing ? ''
guess you 'll just have to shadowbox , '' which was a nasty thing to say , since afterlights did n't cast shadows .
he told the wet kid , which was an equally nasty thing to say , because he could n't .
chapter 2 figureheads the one positive thing allie johnson could say about being tied to the front of a train was that the view was spectacular .
it was the wrong thing to say , because the officer thought that clarence was talking to him .
` ` i wo n't tell you a thing . ''
` ` do n't start , '' said the doctor as if it were a perfectly natural thing to say .
` ` what would ever possess me to say such a thing ?
we can lie to ourselves , saying we believe one thing , and sometimes we convince others it 's true , with the hope that by convincing others , we can convince ourselves .
the hardest thing to swallow was the news about the train , and how so many of her children were lost .
` ` earlier , the thing i said about joel - and me being a check to him ?
it 's the only thing spoken during the hour that we lay in the floor .
i did n't know the first thing about raising a kid ... so i let them take him . ''
lake nudges me with her elbow and shoots me a questioning glance , letting me know she 's thinking the same thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as a dumb question , '' she says .
i can tell by her physical reaction that i said the absolute wrong thing again .
the entire trip is incredibly awkward as i try my best to search for the right thing to say and she tries her best to pretend i do n't exist .
` ` sure thing , grandcaulder , '' he says .
if he and vaughn dated before that ... that only means one thing ... he was dating her right after she broke my heart .
they are n't telling me a damn thing !
she has n't got anyone but me , and i do n't know a damn thing ! ''
i know she 's thinking the same thing i ' m thinking , which is , ` ` oh , no . ''
` ` i have one thing to say to you and i ' m not referring to the bullies or the ones they pursue .
` ` one more thing about the past , then i 'll stop bringing it up . ''
why was n't my profession the first thing i thought to share with her ?
i know this is cliche and it 's the last thing you want to hear , but ... it 's not you , it 's me .
i never would have thought we were both thinking the exact same thing .
she has n't said a single thing , so she has to be feeling pretty guilty right now .
i flinch at her words , knowing i just said the wrong thing .
that was the last thing i had been expecting .
` ` papa will tell ye the same thing .
` ` what a wise thing to say . ''
` ` i- '' whatever banal thing i would have said was cut off as wolfe reached a hand out to slide behind my neck .
i nodded and turned to go into my room , disbelieving that that would be the last thing i said to him before heading into the wilderness where i might never return .
i could feel myself losing my grip on this discussion , so i said the one thing i thought may penetrate , ` ` it 's dangerous to rely on this , haydyn .
sure enough , a few minutes later , chip put on his microphone , a santa hat , and then proceeded to tell us the same thing .
she wished he would n't say things like that - it made it so hard for her to remember that he was n't hers , that she was n't a part of this family , that she was supposed to leave in just a few days when leaving was the very last thing she wanted to do .
` ` i ' m going to say one thing to you , prince tony , and then i ' m going to walk out that door . ''
this is a weird thing for donna to say , so i clam up and listen to ricky counting aloud and wonder about what he could possibly be counting .
` ` i can do whatever i want , '' his eyes hardened , and i began to doubt we were talking about the same thing anymore .
something about the last thing amory said struck a chord , and i realized he was not only referring to the rescued team 's magic .
` ` there are smaller details that need to be ironed out , but the most important thing to remember is that until eden is physically harmed or threatened , we are simply running a surveillance mission .
i walked slowly down the hallway , trying to think of the right thing to say , or how to even approach jericho .
i did n't know the first thing about being a queen .
his eyes turned serious , and he leveled his gaze at me , raising his eyebrows as if his question was the most important thing he asked yet .
even in the heat of the mission , that was the funniest thing any of us had heard in a long time .
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' gabriel offered , less than comforting .
oh my gosh , this is the most miserable thing i ' ve ever heard .
i wondered the same thing , but stayed silent per my promise beforehand .
i got it , the whole ... . dedicated to the cause thing .
she laughed at me , actually laughed , like that was the funniest thing she had ever heard .
i clarified , trying to remember when we had even talked outside of the smacking her on the ass thing .
i wondered if he saw the same thing in my eyes , so i turned around and mentally prepared myself for whatever xander had found .
you know with the whole ' i ' m pushing for a democracy ' thing , it 's better to give the people the benefit of the doubt rather than murder our citizens on the down low , no matter how scum of the earth they are . ''
besides convincing her that she was in love with me enough to marry me , i was also going to have to convince kiran and sebastian the same thing .
but it 's as though the forest is whispering all around us , saying incomprehensible things in my ear .
i was wrong - there is one thing for me to read in the middle of this alien forest .
i do n't know the first thing about guns , but i know i ca n't leave it here with him and risk him shooting me in his delirium .
and this is the thing i ' ve been trying to fight , because i know it 's not the same for him .
i 'll never be able to say these things to my lilac , but saying it now is better than not saying it at all .
` ` that is the most hillbilly thing i have ever heard , '' piper sighed and tristan grinned at her .
` ` and i ' ve always been fine with the whole destined to just be friends thing .
i wished i could laugh at her cleverness , even if it was the wrong thing to say , my friend piper was funny .
and then the last thing i heard from her was , ` ` stella ! ''
when i first started they had assigned the librarian to coach us and she did n't know the first thing about it .
` ` thank you , '' i murmured because it was the only thing i could think to say .
` ` the protection until i ' m eighteen thing , aliah or seth 's idea ? ''
that was a terrible thing to say because it implied that something could happen .
` ` that is probably the first smart thing i ' ve heard all day . ''
i mean ... lucien said the same thing about me not saying much , '' her explanation produced nothing more than a look so evil she was sure the girl was muttering some kind of curse against her in her head .
when she could n't take it any longer she blurted out the first thing that came to mind , ` ` why did you ask jaeden to drop me off here ? ''
it was the last thing she said .
` ` my parents ... in my head ... they were the one thing ... '' she could n't finish , the pain ... it hurt all over .
that was the last thing he wanted to hear .
this was directed at them all , because they had all been thinking the same thing .
oh such the wrong thing to say .
the magik chuckled as if she had said the funniest thing in the world .
she did all those horrible things , and when i found out the truth the first thing you said was that you were sorry .
he nodded , afraid he would say the wrong thing and frighten her off .
suddenly she flushed red , and he realized he had said the wrong thing .
` ` i think it 's best someone says the right thing . ''
` ` i was going to say the same thing . ''
` ` and here i was thinking it was the bone weary exhaustion , loss of consciousness , and oh let 's not forget the whole losing a piece of my soul thing . ''
i ' m telling you that for the last seven months you have n't been with your mate because you did n't say the one thing that she needed to hear .
as he followed her down the hallway to their bedroom she heard him whisper , ` ` you were joking about the no sex thing , right ? ''
` ` i could say the same thing about jaeden . ''
the last thing i said to my dad was that just because he was n't brave enough to fight did n't mean i was n't , '' she choked .
` ` how could that be the last thing i said to him ?
she shared a look with the witch and caia knew marion was thinking the same thing .
but tell me one thing ... are you going after marita ? ''
` ` that would be a pretty harsh thing to say to a girl who 's grieving the loss of a mother , do n't you think ? ''
it was another thing people said that meant nothing .
the only thing he ever said about what happened was that it was more fun to hang out with her outside a padded cell .
but here they were at diana 's lawyer 's office , gathered to hear the thing read , sandwiched between diana 's other living relatives - eureka 's uncle beau and her aunt maureen .
how could he be so calm when he was saying the most intense thing anyone could say ?
eureka remembered the first thing ander had ever said to her , which she 'd relayed to cat .
she remembered the last thing he 'd said to her : you have to survive - as if her literal survival were in question .
it was the only thing that made sense to her when she was in the hospital : after the first death , there is no other .
she 'd said the same thing after diana died , only then it had been true .
` ` just know that even as i have begun to distrust everything i was raised to believe , there is one thing i am certain of . ''
she 'd repeat the same thing over and over .
it was the last thing she thought before her feet were swept off the ground and she was treading chest - deep in her own tears .
i know what she 'll say - the same thing she 's been saying .
i almost ask her the same thing .
` ` okay , we do n't have to talk about your feelings , but i want you to answer one thing for me . ''
` ` i would n't be me if i did n't say the first thing that pops into my head . ''
if you say the wrong thing , he might flip out . ''
` ` i might be asking you the same thing . ''
it 's the stupidest thing that 's ever left my lips , but it needs to be done .
it seems like the silliest thing i could ever say , but it 's the first word to pop into my head .
he rolls his eyes like it 's the most ridiculous thing he 's ever heard .
i thought it was an absurd thing to say , but now looking at the sand everywhere , i do want to sink my toes into it .
he has to be thinking the same thing too because he picks me up and presses me close to him .
` ` i ' m having a weird sense of deja vu , because i ' m pretty sure you said the same thing that night we went to the club . ''
callie ` ` okay , i think i might have messed up '' is the first thing seth says to me as the bathroom door swings shut .
this is the hardest f**king thing i ' ve ever had to say .
if i could wish for one thing , it would be that i could always feel this way , completely and blissfully consumed by someone else .
` ` yes , you can ... and do you know why ... '' i trail off because what i ' m about to say is probably the second hardest thing i 'll ever have to say .
it 's hard to say no when she 's looking at me this way , so even though i want to go alone , i hear myself saying , ` ` okay , you can come with me ... but only if you promise me one thing . ''
i ' m kind of wondering the same thing myself .
` ` kayden , i feel like i have to say one more thing ... about your father . ''
over the last several hours i 'd said a lot of terrible thing about my father and even though i wish it were n't that way , feelings of guilt and betrayal lie within me .
i say the first thing that enters my mind .
i wonder if dylan thinks the same thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as too much champagne .
i opened my mouth to speak , but i was n't sure where to begin , so i settled for the first thing that came to mind .
she can- '' instantly , i knew i 'd said the wrong thing .
another thing i had n't bothered to question .
` ` the same thing is true for the stag , but it was never meant for me . ''
for every dumb thing i ' ve said ?
the women 's faces all said the same thing : what was a boy like mal doing with a girl like me ?
` ` you were about to plead your case , tell me you need my help , you ca n't pay me but your heart is true , the usual thing . ''
every one of them had said the same thing : grisha power was not meant to be limitless ; it had to be held in check .
i knew we were both thinking the same thing : just what had we gotten ourselves into ?
` ` you always say the right thing . ''
` ` alina- '' ` ` at least now i know you do n't always say the right thing , '' i muttered .
what sickness was inside of me that i would dream such a thing ?
i 'd railed at him for wanting me to be something i could n't , and all the while , i 'd demanded the same thing from him .
it was n't the most helpful thing to say , but she was right .
one thing that i had learned after all of these years , was that no good came from worrying .
i rattled through every possible thing that could have offended them , but came up empty .
i purposely tried to avoid thinking about the other thing that annen had told me .
the only thing i could say was that i did n't have one , which is pretty much the truth now .
that is a pretty important thing for a fully - functioning human body , so i ' m obviously not alive .
how can i even think such a thing ?
` ` maybe i ' m so intrigued because of the whole ' you saved my life ' thing , '' he adds .
so with quick thinking i say the only thing i can think to say , ` ` i ' m thirty - two , same as you . ''
` ` this is a really hard thing for me to say and it 's going to be even harder for you to hear . ''
i think of james at home stood there in the kitchen and the sense of urgency i now feel for him relinquishes any other thoughts i could have , and there 's only one thing left for me to say .
disquiet bathes me and i instantly feel the need to get out of here because one thing i am absolutely certain of is that something is very wrong .
i know this is sand here below me and that 's the ocean over there , and that 's a seagull hovering in the sky just there , and i know what a lifeguard is , but for some terrifying reason i know absolutely nothing about myself , not one single thing .
he 's a nice guy , do n't get me wrong , but that was the last thing i needed to hear .
i was surprised , but i did n't think that would be a very polite thing to say .
i had rehearsed twenty different ways to start this conversation during the ride and now the only thing i could think to say was , ` ` i ' m your daughter .
` ` tomorrow , first thing , i want to know the why behind all of this .
same thing they say in atlantic city .
` ` my mom tells me the same thing , '' i laughed .
i turned toward katherine with a panicked expression , and i stammered the first thing that came into my head : ` ` the roch ... rochester 's worker 's gazette .
our relationship would have to be rebuilt , and i could tell that they were thinking the same thing .
she hoped and prayed he was n't going to tell her the same thing .
the whole ` ` i love you '' thing had sent her down a different path .
` ` i love you both so much , '' was the last thing she remembered before her eyes opened .
camryn looks up at me , and i have a feeling we 're thinking the same thing .
i take back one thing i said to camryn , about moving to any place she wants to .
unsure where she 's going with this , i ' m afraid to say anything because i do n't want to say the wrong thing .
camryn 29 the first thing that comes to mind when we make it to new orleans is home sweet home .
it was the first thing that came to mind , and only now that i ' ve said it do i start to understand just how true it might be .
camryn and i look at each other , and we 're both thinking the same thing .
she says it like it 's the last thing she believes .
all of it went out of my head , and i sputtered the first thing that came into my mind .
but koja sensed a question here , one his clever mind could not resist : for all his loud ways , ivan gostov had been the closest thing the forest had to a king , a deadly match for any man or beast .
okay , that 's sort of a stupid thing to say about a bookstore but let 's just say it 's off the beaten path .
` ` jules , that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard but listen , although i 'd love it if you came , i ca n't nor do i want to make you . ''
` ` that was ... ... '' ` ` the best thing i ' ve ever felt and tasted in my entire life , '' jules finished with an intense twinkle in her bright green eyes .
` ` no , it 's just , well you 're making me feel the same thing , '' the church doors opened and she spun around .
i knew what she was thinking because i was thinking the same thing myself .
that is the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' i said laughing .
i took a deep breath and said the only thing i could possibly say , ` ` pain . ''
but i told the twitter twins the same thing i tell everyone : membership is strictly limited to three , madeline , charlotte , and me .
swanlakemafia , aka mads , replies : i was thinking the same thing .
it is the best thing , the only thing , really , to say .
it is the best thing , the only thing , really , to say .
i think about the idiotic , i - don't - want - to - reveal - my - feelings - so - i'll - make - you - think - i - don't - care thing i said last night : i think laurel wants you to go .
` ` i know the whole thing by heart . ''
i thought of the same thing .
she picked up her blackberry again and sent sutton a private message on facebook saying the same thing - maybe sutton was just downstairs on a different computer and had forgotten her phone ?
i was thinking the same thing , too .
the only new thing emma had learned about garrett , for instance , was that sutton cheered him on at his varsity soccer games , hung out with him and his younger sister , louisa , and made all his fashion decisions for him .
i recalled the broad - shouldered shape standing over me in the trunk and wondered the same thing .
` ` that 's the funniest thing i ' ve heard all day . ''
she and alex had texted a few more times during the week , and emma had n't revealed a single thing about what was really happening .
all of the letters of thing had been filled in except for one .
four more forms had been fil ed out saying exactly the same thing .
it 's our fail - safe code , the thing we 're supposed to yell out to show something is dead serious .
she thought this would be another thing to add to the things that are awkward list , but she actual y felt almost relieved to admit the truth aloud .
the only thing the nurses told us when we burst through the doors was that we had to wait , and they pointed us to the seating area where lili was already pacing .
after what i 'd remembered , i hated to think that thayer could be my kil er , but i 'd learned a thing or two about my tricky , dead - girl brain : i could n't trust each individual memory , only the whole picture .
one thing i 'd learned being dead was that i 'd made a lot of mistakes when i was alive .
then there were the icy glances laurel had been shooting emma ever since thayer had turned up in sutton 's bedroom , and the cryptic thing she 'd said .
` ` remember that no - fighting thing ? ''
` ` i think mads is wondering the same thing about you . ''
i am so in love with you ... she turned to the next page , but it said more or less the same thing .
the whole thing made me bristle .
` ` i ... '' emma trailed off , not having a single thing to say .
` ` then again , what was that thing you always said , sutton ?
` ` i ' m sorry , '' was the first thing she could think to say .
suddenly , the smell of the perfumes made emma a little ill . why was laurel saying things to grandma about sutton and thayer ?
it pained her to even pen such a thing .
` ` it 's one thing for him to say things about me .
he 's been a ball of moods after that whole louisa thing . ''
` ` i just remembered i had this english thing . ''
i was just coming back in here to tell you the same thing ...
emma seemed to realize the same thing .
she knew right away she 'd said the right thing .
but all this uncertainty has made one thing clear : i love you .
i have n't seen you in weeks , and either that whole absence makes the heart grow fonder thing is true or else the gods have been shining their light down on you even more than usual . ''
maybe i 'd made the whole thing up in my deranged , sick , screw - loose mind .
it was a funny thing to say and i normally would have laughed , but this girl was tipping the crazy scale just enough that i did n't doubt she was serious .
it was beyond a shadow of a doubt , the most certain thing you 'd ever known , the easiest , least scary decision you 'd ever make .
i 'd feel better once we were in motion and the chances of her throwing herself out of the car if i said the wrong thing were diminished by cruising at some impressive mphs .
` ` that 's positively the most depressing thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
boy who was getting on my nerves , about to wear a dent the shape of my fist in his forehead the rest of his life , chuckled like she 'd just said the cutest thing he 'd ever heard .
the first valuable , real world application thing i 'd learned in college .
that was the saddest thing i 'd heard in a long time .
` ` it was insensitive , and uncalled for- '' ` ` and a really crummy thing to say , '' she interrupted , sounding like a little girl trying to sound brave .
there were about a million and a half things i wanted to say , and twice that many things i needed to get off my chest , but emma was hell bent on getting coconut cream pie , and i knew better than to get in the way of a woman seeking sugar .
and then her conflicted eyes flickered to mine and there was only one thing to say .
a single thing i was capable of in that emotion charged stare .
emma 's scream was the only thing i heard as ty and i toppled over each other until the momentum from the impact crested .
` ` if you ever say another nasty thing about emma again , whether i hear it or not , all promises are off , and i will relish beating you until you 're reduced to crapping into a diaper and sipping steak from a straw the rest of your life .
i 'd come here with one thing to confess .
or i could just tell you loving you is the most certain thing i ' ve ever known . ''
for the first time , i ' m going to stand up to him so the last thing he 'll remember of me was that i was n't afraid of him anymore . ''
i wanted to call the cops or 911 or something , but the only thing she said to me was to call you . ''
that was n't the smartest thing to say to a man who was a hair away from snapping .
they all took one long look at emma , not missing one thing , and smiled .
` ` i ' m sorry to be abrupt , '' emma said suddenly to my brothers before looking at me , ` ` but they did n't tell me a single thing on our way here .
that was a crap thing to say . ''
i knew without an ultimatum that silence was the only thing i 'd get from her if i did n't answer her question to her satisfaction .
again , the silence , but this time i knew what she was thinking , because it was the same thing i was .
` ` do you know- '' ` ` i do n't know a god damn thing ! ''
to say the only thing there was left to say .
` ` oh , mrs . tanner , i wish i could say the same thing , '' i replied as sweetly as i could .
` ` god , ana , that is the ugliest thing you have ever said !
` ` sure thing , '' i joked .
i start to explain the stranger thing to him , but his attention span is n't all that long and he gets sidetracked watching me pour whisky into my big 7up .
once , i said that exact thing to this uptight church girl at school , jennifer jorgenson , and she goes , ` ` i do n't have to drink alcohol to have fun . ''
anybody that 'd say that does n't know the first thing about you .
i ' m sure he told his parents the same thing in reverse .
and for another thing , i do n't have any interest at all in dating aimee .
` ` that 's about the most amazing thing i ever heard . ''
for one thing , i do n't have anything against religion .
and there we are , all right , staring into each other 's eyes , the warm water and the warm memories both hugging us , and i can tell we 're thinking the same thing .
randy does n't say a thing , but lets it be known with a pained squint that all this talk is causing him to concentrate on the show way more than he wants to .
okay , so that 's not the most original thing in the world either , but still it 's pretty awesome considering aimee 's track record with krystal .
i should point out that the whole thing , the ` ` mr . asterhole '' part and all , booms out through the mike .
we sit down for lunch at mickey d 's one day and the first thing she says is , ` ` have you talked to your mom about finding your dad ? ''
even i can tell that 's the wrong thing to say .
that 's one thing i ' ve learned for sure - hope is absolutely unnecessary .
aimee pictured them ripping her bag from her shoulder and scattering her newspapers down the street , which is probably exactly what would ' ve happened if she had n't somehow come up with the perfect thing to say .
and then there was that other thing she said , something about how i never believe anyone loves me .
when she emerged a while later , as fresh as she could get using only the washbasin and her hands , she understood one thing with perfect clarity .
and as sam rushed around it , hacking at whatever he could , throwing himself against the enormous lever , both of them realized the horrible truth , the one thing she 'd overlooked : the chain was too heavy for one man to move .
` ` that 's the best thing i ' ve heard in weeks , '' she said with a grin .
she tried to work through it , tried to figure out what had changed in skull 's bay to make sam dare to say such a thing to the king of the assassins .
he looked better than handsome , but ... well , at least she 'd said one nice thing .
the silence was the worst thing she 'd ever heard .
it was the only thing she had to offer .
` ` it was the one thing i believed i 'd go to the grave without voicing . ''
which you should keep quiet about ; your competitors might know a thing or two about adarlan 's assassin and use it against you . ''
thankfully , it was the right thing to say , because she batted her eyelashes .
from the way the other competitors watched him as he strode to the back of the room , she knew they were thinking the same thing .
he instantly knew he 'd said the wrong thing when some of the light vanished from her eyes .
his highness told me the same thing yesterday . ''
that was one thing that hopeless assassin from endovier would have never believed .
had n't elena said almost the same thing , all those months ago ?
and i ' m wearing this dress because i want archer to ask the same thing .
when they did return and told him about the businessman apparently murdered by his own poisoned dagger , chaol pieced together enough of what had happened to be sure of one thing : he was glad davis was dead .
if she could indeed tell things about them , then the last place he wanted to be was here .
that word was the worst thing he 'd ever heard .
chapter 28 her rage took her to a place where she only knew three things : that chaol had been taken from her , that she was a weapon forged to end lives , and that if chaol was hurt , no one was going to walk out of that warehouse .
you have n't asked me one thing , you gutter - born piece of filth . ''
the last thing her friend had thought of her .
he knew exactly what ress would say : the same thing philippa said , and anyone who saw him and gave him that pitying glance .
since they had locked it down here to rot , since they had gotten tired of playing with it , it had forgotten so many things .
what if they were only just logical enough to imply one thing , but really mean another ?
` ` she said the same thing .
peter wishes neil sweet dreams , and neil wishes the same thing back .
a plan is the thing that goes unsaid , but puts the hope in your voice nonetheless .
it 's the thing that neither smita nor mrs . ramirez can say .
jack and coke is the first thing that comes to his mind .
if peter had n't been in the room , he would have thought he 'd made the whole thing up .
in their actions , craig and harry are saying the thing that they want to say .
and then there was the whole ` ` cousin '' thing .
only i could come up with such a thing , '' i tried to make it sound like a joke , but i knew my tone was wrong .
he grinned like it was the wittiest , bad - ass , motherfucker thing that he 'd ever thought of it , but it was a well - rehearsed line that i had heard trotted out a million times at base bars .
one last thing before i could crash .
` ` that 's not the only thing you 'll be saying about me tonight . ''
this girl 's eyes show the same thing .
i can tell liv is thinking the same thing .
i know he 's thinking the same thing i am : wylan is like a skunk .
i know she 's thinking the same thing .
perry looked at his dying nephew and could n't think of a single thing worth saying .
last thing you bring to mind . ''
right away he knew it was a stupid thing to say .
i realized how often people say one thing and mean another .
` ` i can tell you one thing about your father , '' he said , because he knew she wondered .
it 's the kind of thing i would have said once .
i look at him and say the first thing that comes to mind .
hayden 's eyes lock with mine , and i know we 're thinking the same thing .
it was the only thing that came to mind .
it was a stupid thing to say , but it gave him some small feeling of control over the situation .
she locked eyes with roar and knew they were thinking the same thing : hess was afraid of sable .
wrong thing to say ; she 'd pushed too far .
` ` i ' ve been thinking the same thing .
` ` if you still think you can challenge me , i want you to remember one thing : i know everything .
it was a decent thing to say .
he could say one thing about the dwellers : they built good ships .
i have the feeling the exact same thing is said every night .
once again , i think to myself , why do people and the governments who govern people constantly do to each other that very thing which can never be forgiven nor forgotten ?
i ' ve met harrison ford lots of times , '' she adds as her second thing , ` ` because our fudge is his favorite .
he glances over at me , meets my eyes like he knows i have n't been listening to a thing he 's said for the past ten minutes , then looks away .
the thing about my mother being a half angel made total sense - as much as my mother being some kind of supernatural being made sense , anyway .
i did really like the elizabeth thing , but- '' i ' m floundering .
that 's the first thing anybody has said that makes me feel better about flying .
of course i ' m leaving out some of the other troublesome details , my stupid thing about the birds and french class and the way i ogled her angel shirt , falling so neatly into her trap .
` ` no , the thing where you spaced out in the middle of your speech and left me hanging in front of the entire class . ''
but one thing i will say for him : he cleans up nice .
the same thing that wendy said to me .
on the morning of the third day the doorbell rings , which almost never happens , and the first thing that passes through my mind is that it must be tucker , that he changed his mind , that we 'll make it work after all .
` ` that was a weird thing to say .
she does n't know the first thing about the state of my heart .
i thought that the wing - color thing was a bit cliche , really - white for good , black for bad ; definitely not politically correct - but it was n't about color , he said .
6 hooking up one thing 's for certain : my brother can eat .
` ` oh , come on ... .you know , people say that sort of thing . ''
which is , of course , the wrong thing to say .
i ' m nervous about how she 's going to take the whole ` ` maybe the seventh is your baby '' thing .
everything i do to get ready for this date boils down to the same thing : will christian like it ?
i sigh again , try to remember the kind of thing i would write in my gratitude journal , which , to be truthful , i have n't picked up since fall quarter ended .
he 's ... '' she takes a quick breath , like this next thing she 's about to say takes all her courage .
` ` i do n't want to be mad at you about the other thing , '' he says , not meeting my eyes .
` ` you have n't listened to a thing i ' ve told you , have you ? ''
` ` you still believe in the no - relationships - while - serving thing ? ''
probably the same thing a guy thought when a girl took off her miracle bra .
boot was what we called new marines or stupid marines , which were often the same thing .
i 'd forgotten the most important thing about gray - that was he was in the military and that i was n't ever getting involved with another military guy .
` ` same thing , honey .
when i had woken up , the memory of gray telling me he had to get out of my condo was the first thing that popped into my mind - not the long meaningful discussion we 'd had afterwards .
we got to talking one day and one thing led to another .
grace smiled at noah like he 'd said the most amazing thing .
` ` i think that 's kind of a shitty thing to say . ''
i tried to keep my expression blank , but i have one of those faces that shows every single thing that goes through my mind .
now i could see the gash , and it was just as bad as i 'd thought it would be , but my brain was still reeling from the whole ` ` mr . hall is n't fat , he just wears a fake belly '' thing .
she 'd bought my whole ` ` i got sick '' thing friday , but i 'd been lucky .
i wrote in my notebook , ` ` b said offensive thing , so could be hit as he is jerk . ''
by the time the bells rang for lunch , one thing was abundantly clear to me : i needed my mentor - person right now .
because i can tell you one thing , miss harper here is not a fan of the bran man . ''
is it the whole ' boys make crappy oracles ' thing , or is there more to it ?
david startled slightly , and i wondered if he was thinking the same thing .
my own mom had sat on that same bench , saying the same thing to me .
i remembered thinking the same thing when i 'd been here last week .
it was the exact same thing she shouted at brandon when he practiced basketball , and for some reason , it made me smile .
saylor came up behind me , watching the bird , too , and i suddenly remembered the other thing she 'd said .
it was probably the last thing bee wanted to hear , but at least it made sense .
the smile that broke out over my face had to be the goofiest , giddiest thing ever , and i quickly tried to suppress it .
tell me one thing , and i 'll leave you to rest . ''
` ` seems kind of narrow to learn only one thing . ''
he thinks of una , and the last thing she said to him .
we knew the truth without you saying a thing . ''
` ` very interesting , miracolina , but you ' ve left out one thing . ''
was n't that the last thing he said to you ?
it is just the type of thing people love to hear .
` ` but if i were you , i would n't trust a thing i say . ''
` ` that 's the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
and then she adds , ` ` i was out for a walk , '' which is a stupid thing to say , considering how isolated that road is .
connor 's arms are still wrapped around the guy 's ankles , and he finds there 's only one thing he can say under the circumstances .
` ` i remember at least one thing .
` ` tell me one thing , '' she finally says .
were they conned by the many advertisements that said things like ` ` unwinding - when you love them enough to let them go , '' or ` ` corporeal division ; the kindest thing you can do for a child with disunification disorder . ''
you know you ca n't trust a thing the tabloids say .
` ` say one more thing about starkey , and the next sound you hear will be your head cracking like an egg at the bottom of the nearest mine shaft . ''
` ` i wo n't say a thing to anyone else , but i get to speak my mind with you .
it was n't exactly the smoking gun nelson wanted- '' the lady in green '' could mean a whole lot of things ... but then again , was n't the statue a favorite protest spot for awol sympathizers ?
nelson still refuses to say a thing .
then starkey slices through to the one thing hanging in the air between them - the one thing that should n't be said .
then starkey slices through to the one thing hanging in the air between them - the one thing that should n't be said .
you will then tell me every single little thing you know of napoleon bonaparte - what he said to you , the orders he gave at jena , how he was dressed , everything , down to the buckles on his shoes ... do you understand ? ''
` ` si , jacquelina , that very thing .
like if the empress card lies next to the moon card , when all is laid out , it means one thing , but if it lies next to the hanged man , it means another thing .
like if the empress card lies next to the moon card , when all is laid out , it means one thing , but if it lies next to the hanged man , it means another thing .
` ` truest thing you ' ve ever spoken . ''
that was an a**hole thing for me to say . ''
` ` you have n't been listening to a single thing i ' ve said . ''
` ` that 's the second thing we 're in agreement on this morning . ''
good god almighty and the devil down below ... ` ` that is the hottest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` and it 's the last thing i want to tell you . ''
it 's a sick and sad thing to say , but it 's true .
the one thing i 'd asked from avery was the one thing she could n't give me .
the one thing i 'd asked from avery was the one thing she could n't give me .
` ` did n't say a thing . ''
i dared him to say one thing .
randall , you do n't know the first thing about seamanship .
not a wise thing for mr . fletcher to say , as it turned out .
` ` one thing i know , '' i say .
must not say , must not even think that horrible thing .
i do think , and i come up with a way to prove at least one thing : that i can dive .
i know that she is a bit puzzled over the ` ` husband '' thing , but i 'll explain later .
no ... .about the only thing he ever called me was ell or ells .
` ` that is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me .
` ` i have thought the same thing !
ohhh ... ... i mean ... .. wow ... ... ... .okay ... ... .breathe ellie ... .that was the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to me .
that is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
god that was the hardest thing i have ever had to say .
` ` funny f**king thing ... .. she said the same damn thing to me as you just did .
` ` funny f**king thing ... .. she said the same damn thing to me as you just did .
fuck ... .ellie was now just standing there listening to the whole thing .
my own brother ... .all i could think of was ryan and how he said almost the same exact thing .
the last thing we did was yell at each other .
she was wondering the same thing about me .
how long will i wait for her to decide this whole friendship thing was just plain stupid ?
i ... .. i do n't even know what to say but ... but ... . that was the most beautiful thing anyone as ever said to me .
by the way ari 's body language was she was thinking the same thing .
i knew what she was thinking because i thought the same thing when jeff spit out that bullshit to me .
` ` ells i told him the same exact thing .
ari said as she saw the same thing i saw .
the last thing they told us was they were taking her to surgery to repair her broken arm .
how does this man remember every single thing i tell him ?
` ` thank you ... .. i love him and i love that you remember every single thing i say to you drew mathews .
` ` best f**king thing i ' ve heard all damn day baby . ''
i smiled thinking about all the sweet things he whispered in my ear .
poor bastard had it bad for heather , but he seemed to always say the wrong thing to her .
yep , i ' m thinking the same thing , manda .
she had never once said a negative thing about giving up our honeymoon .
` ` i could say the same thing about your chest , ells , '' i said with a laugh .
i think one more thing just might just push him over the edge . ''
he said the same damn thing to me yesterday .
why did i get the feeling that i probably just lost the best thing that 's happened to me since the death of my parent 's ?
he was asking me every goddamn thing under the sun .
he 'd never said one good thing about the ranch .
i watched josh 's whole body sink when he saw the same thing i did .
` ` what happened with the whole rebecca thing ? ''
my heart is telling me one thing , and my head is telling me another . ''
ari must have been thinking the same thing i was because she took it a step further as she rubbed her ass on me .
` ` yeah , and grace pretty much told ellie the same thing i did .
` ` no , the only thing he told me was that he showed up to her house one morning , and she 'd made it perfectly clear to him that he was not who she wanted .
` ` yeah , and the first thing she asked was if josh was going to be here .
he says the same thing every time ? ''
the only thing i could say was , ` ` thank you god ... thank you god ... '' over and over .
we all stood around the fire as each person said one thing that was for him or her , the best part of the last year .
this had been the last thing from his mind .
smacking noah to the mat time after time was hugely satisfying and in a way was really helping along the whole forgiving him thing .
what was the one thing he 'd asked ?
to : hook - up doctor i did n't like her because - well , i did n't really do the whole ` ` like '' thing .
i was n't sure jaden could say the same thing when it came to his a**hole parents .
` ` i was wondering the same thing , '' jaden said from beside me .
what if i was right and the whole love thing was just a crock and i ended up losing aspen ?
yeah , i know i was being lazy , but the whole window thing was lame .
the last thing a guy wanted to hear is that a girl wanted to share a room with him because she owed him .
i 'd expect the same thing out of him .
` ` he was scared , but as soon as he fought his way through the tent , the first thing he told me was to get the bear 's attention so we could steer him away from you guys . ''
` ` funny , i was just thinking the same thing about tonight . ''
the tightness in her features , the way her eyes narrowed at me in hate told me i 'd just said the wrong thing .
i had no idea what i 'd do with her once i had her , because i still did n't trust the whole love thing .
the last thing i ever wanted to do is walk away from you , but i ' m human and i screwed up .
ah , so that 's what the second thoughts thing in her messages had been about .
i ' m here for a few hours , telling them the same thing over and over .
it 's the one thing i ' ve always been able to count on .
i know immediately by the way she tenses that i said the wrong thing .
oh , another thing for me to feel like shit about .
i know that and i feel like we keep going over and over the same thing .
i look at pris and she 's looking at me and i know we 're thinking the same thing .
i do n't know what he wants me to say because it 's not the same thing .
there 's a small part of my brain that knows i just said the stupidest thing in the world , but that 's the thing about drinking , it sometimes makes the dumb things the funniest .
it might be the wrong thing to say , but she gave me a piece of her , so i want to give her a little bit of me too .
he crosses his arms and i wait for him to say something like ' hell no ' to the whole beauty and the beast thing , but then aspen tugs on his arm .
i do n't get it - why this one thing made her so mad .
by the way her eyes widen and then start to glisten , i know i ' ve said the worst thing i could say .
maybe that 's the wrong thing to say , but i always have .
as soon as the words leave my mouth i know they 're the worst thing i can say .
that must be the wrong thing to say because she starts to cry again .
like always , she says the perfect thing .
a kick ass friend , who i ' m honored to have and who probably thinks the same thing of me .
i would probably still make fun of him if he said the same thing , just for a laugh .
not that he seemed sleepy ; the thing i recognized right away was that he was paying attention to me - not just to the things i was saying , but to details i did n't even know i had .
` ` there is no such thing as equality for some .
` ` you just sat there and did n't say a thing . ''
one retail giant - it used to be called a department store - decided to take the c is the new s thing seriously and opened the first non - shopping mall .
which was just the kind of thing i would have thought , if i had n't known about this all along .
he did n't have to do a blessed thing .
but my parents - well , they went through the roof in about sixteen different places and basically said that while they put up with the way i dressed and the music i listened to , they could not put up with me being jewish and having a bar mitzvah , and i told them it 's becoming a bar mitzvah , not having a bar mitzvah , and that was the last thing they wanted , me correcting them on how to say things , so they got ultra mad and i realized part of what stein had to put up with every day , and i realized if no one was going to support me , the least i could do was go and support someone else - a fellow jew , and someone i thought might make all the people who suck go away .
so i hiked my way to the rest area and that 's where i met jimmy , and he says it 's cool for me to be jewish and i think that 's just the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me .
i know it 's a free country , but nobody should say those things .
she said one last thing to keisha , then picked up her bag and pushed into the crowd , disappearing in a matter of seconds .
i was n't crazy about the judgment in his voice ... but then i thought , if it had been jimmy with sara , would n't i be saying the same thing ?
` ` there 's one more thing i have n't told you , '' brandi says as if she 's talking to a toddler .
` ` let 's just get one thing straight , cowboy . ''
when i saw derek in his regents academy shorts yesterday , the last thing i expected to hear was that he got kicked out .
the whole lily thing kind of freaked me out , and you have n't called or texted in days .
` ` there 's no such thing as synchronized trampolining , derek . ''
that is the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard .
they all say approximately the same thing .
' that is the horridest thing i is hearing for years !
' there 's no such thing . '
` ` ' and that one thing is ? '
they were looking at me with mean , triumphant eyes , all the people in the boys ' toilets , and i tried not to choke on the thing in my throat , determined not to give them that satisfaction .
she smiled at me , a bright , relieved smile , and i hoped i had said the right thing .
and i knew as i said it that it was the thing i should never have said .
the old woman guffawed , as if i had said the funniest thing in the universe .
` ` no such thing ! ''
the kids were all shouting the same thing .
he was always telling me the same thing .
` ` it 's the same thing , '' i said .
` ` but there is n't any such thing .
` ` and yet tuesday night- tell me one thing : from whom did you get this ... this wolf dog ? ''
` ` that thing about the wooden cross turning back into a living tree ?
this brought a frown from the older women , who did not consider it a proper thing to say , but for that death cared not a rap .
but if there was one thing that coraline was certain of , it was that this flat would be worse .
that 's the only thing that made any sense .
hopefully that was the right thing to say .
yes , and they all say the same thing .
justin had asked the same thing about cole .
as for that first thing you asked- '' he cranked up the music .
` ` he basically said the same thing about you .
i ' m sorry for every horrible thing i ever said behind your back , and i ' m so very grateful for everything you taught me .
that was n't a very friend - like thing to say , now was it .
scratch that no other furniture thing .
i 'd find a way to make up for every bad thing i 'd ever said to her .
` ` trina and mackenzie noticed his odd behavior , too , and asked the same thing .
` ` do n't think another thing about it , a - diddy .
` ` sorry , but i do n't and wo n't understand any such thing .
first , i concentrated on the most important thing he 'd revealed .
every horrible thing they tell you about incarceration to scare the shit out of you was 100 % true .
my face began to flush red the more it became apparent that i had n't read a thing on the list .
if there was one thing i knew it was that flynn and i only brought each other pain .
it sucked how he was able to reaffirm every crappy thing i had thought about myself and my life with only a few words .
i ' m not sure i ' m going to go though , '' i said , telling him the thing i had n't quite admitted to myself yet .
` ` sure thing , '' i said just as she slammed her door closed .
but she did say one thing that was true .
it was the one thing i could come clean about .
but not being able to touch her was the closest thing to torture i had ever experienced .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , scar - miss percy would n't be after you in that getup . ''
guess it were the wrong thing to say .
or that i could have him , which were the same thing , right ?
i looked back to rob , all my inner bits crowded into my pipes , and i were n't sure of a single thing .
he opened his mouth to try and shake me off again , so i asked the one thing i knew would hush him .
i sighed against him , trying to think of the right thing to say .
it were possible , then , that all of the mysteries i 'd seen at court would be answered with this one thing , but it did n't feel like the truth in my bones .
he did n't know the first thing .
because with everything gone , after a day of horror and hurt , after years of horrors and hurts , the thing i could n't shake were faith .
though no one knew the source of their last - minute salvation , the empty skies and brilliant lightning display let them know the most important thing : they were safe .
if true , that could mean only one thing .
` ` that 's the smartest thing you ' ve said in a long time . ''
finally , i 'd said the exact right thing .
i wanted to say the perfect thing so sebastian would know how much i 'd wanted him to kiss me , but without seeming too extreme about it .
it was a harsh thing to say , but in aidan 's face i also could read something different , more deeply buried and maybe even more tender than he was used to admitting .
emory had the apologetic - defiance thing down cold .
she had n't said a thing , not one single thing the entire trip home .
an open casket was the one thing mom and dad could agree on .
the very first thing i ever asked her was , ` ` oh , addison , where in the world did you get your bag ? ''
that 's a thing me and addy used to say a lot .
watching her , knowing her , saying exactly the right thing when ads needed to hear it most .
we were riding the elevator together , and he said the strangest thing to me .
one thing that can be true of people with addy 's exact mental health problems is they think if they 're happy and busy and the sun is out and life is smiling on them , then why do they need this little pill ?
that was just a tough thing for maureen to hear .
it was just about the only smart thing she 'd said all lunch .
it was the last thing i ever said to her .
yes , i was with her that night , but there was n't one thing that i said that provoked what she did next .
` ` i love you , lincoln reed , '' was the next thing she said .
` ` now , why would you say such a thing ? ''
i had n't meant to say such a thing .
if there is only one thing i am certain of , it 's that .
of one thing i was certain : for as long as i remain at pritchett house , i will live in anxiety and dread .
it was n't any one specific thing you were saying or doing , but he had n't surprised you by meeting you .
it was a cool thing to say , though i was n't sure that 's how i 'd have defined myself .
when i saw you that night , i remembered every single thing about anna - luisa , and what i 'd thought was love .
it was the one thing i gave you that might have qualified as advice .
` ` that 's like one of those sweet things you used to say , thealonious . ''
` ` if you 're telling me one thing about gunner but we find out you know something else , the results might not be too pleasant for you , miss . ''
` ` just answer me this one thing ! ''
it was probably the doubt , plus the three sets of eyeballs on me , that motivated the next stupid thing out of my mouth .
he 's turning over the next thing he wants to ask her .
` ` what 's that cornball thing your stepdad always says ? ''
` ` i meant the thing about your mom .
he 'd probably say the same thing about me .
it 's not joshua 's fault that he ca n't say one right thing tonight .
even as i asked him the next thing .
i do n't know the first thing about girls . ''
meilin had been thinking the same thing , but she never would have said it .
listen , we 're sorry to hear about a war overseas , but we do n't know the first thing about where to find a great beast , including arax , so why do n't we call this conversation over ? ''
` ` i said no such thing ... but you just did . ''
` ` risa and i have talked about the same thing .
` ` i was going to ask you two the same thing . ''
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' pigeon said .
` ` spit that thing out . ''
he could tell he and his friend were wondering the same thing : what kind of change was she talking about ?
` ` i wondered the same thing .
` ` i was just asking the same thing , '' jason said .
at times like this , it 's the only thing we can let ourselves believe .
` ` chandra asked the same thing , '' tark said .
` ` hard thing to guess .
he tilted the bow upward , hoping he and the lean man understood ` ` a little high '' to mean the same thing .
` ` nearly every person here but me has told themselves the same thing .
and it 's just the great hall- '' ` ` wrong thing to say , '' chaol snarled .
and whenever ren paused , murtaugh looking on disapprovingly , the captain said the same thing .
rowan seemed to be thinking the same thing , because he shook his head in disgust - and sorrow , to her surprise .
` ` that might be the first wise thing you ' ve said to me . ''
` ` i 'll forgive every awful thing you said earlier if we can go eat something right now .
when mistward was in sight , she told luca only one thing before she sent him ahead : keep his mouth shut about what had happened in the cave .
that seemed like the kind of thing the new edie would say .
apparently , seth had been telling ryu the exact same thing .
maybe that was a stupid thing to say ; i was n't sure how i was supposed to feel .
` ` russ said the funniest thing yesterday , '' i said .
i could n't bring myself to say a single mean thing , but russ had that covered .
that seemed like the right thing to say , as both my parents lit up like christmas decorations .
kian was supposed to be making me fall for him , and this was the kind of thing i 'd say if his efforts were paying off .
that was a pretty charming thing to say .
for a few seconds , i stared , unable to believe such a thing had come out of cameron 's mouth .
and it 'd be awesome if you were willing to tell my mom the same thing . ''
with effort i choked the bitchy reply because lately it seemed that every horrible thing i whispered came true in some form .
better yet , anyone who overheard us would n't think it was a weird thing to say .
i met his gaze , sure of only one thing .
that was the kind of thing you said as part of a farewell like the one kian wrote to me .
she says it so sweetly like it 's a nice thing to say and will make me less nervous .
it 's the wrong thing to say , but either i ' m too pissed off to care or i ' m seeking the danger of the moment to stop feeling the hurt that i ' m feeling - i ' m conflicted over my reason .
` ` for every hand you lose you have to tell me one thing that 's true about you . ''
` ` from a panda bear , '' i say the first thing that pops into my head , not ready to fully accept he 's won this hand .
` ` yes , you do , '' i assure her , which is clearly the wrong thing to say .
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard , but thanks for the offer . ''
the room fills with awkward silence and it makes me question if this living together thing is going to work .
i step over greyson and cut her off as she reaches the hallway , racking my brain for the best thing to say .
` ` you saw on the news ... the thing about my parents .
` ` one thing i would like to understand , alex , '' said yeager .
` ` one thing i got ta know , '' said kincaid .
` ` um ... well , i guess it was the only thing that made sense . ''
` ` tom and i wondered the same thing . ''
could n't tell a thing from the weight .
to his mind , what he 'd negotiated with the outliers was a one - hand - washes - the - other kind of thing .
yeager evidently heard the same thing , because he jerked his head at one of the other guards , who nodded and slid out of the front room , heading for the door .
the one sensible thing jess had ever said was that tom 's sacrifice - all he 'd done and suffered through to keep her and ellie alive - should n't be for nothing .
` ` and i ' m going to say the same thing i said the other eighty times you asked . ''
but it was the fourth thing that was , she later thought , the most telling and perhaps damning , because it explained so much .
the one thing survival school had drummed in over and over again was that unless the mission was in jeopardy , choose life .
he ran a gnarly , calloused hand over his mouth , but tom could n't tell if the old guy was searching his memory or trying to decide what might be the safest and best thing to say .
he knew it was the wrong thing to say , but he did n't want this to be easy either .
this might be the wrong thing to say , but weller and mellie had told them all about chris , and he sounded pretty bad .
what was the last thing he remembered ?
regardless , one thing was crystal - clear .
but he always seemed to say the wrong thing .
` ` this whole thing about isaac ?
a voracious reader who also had been a history buff and hard - core mammologist was the last thing she 'd expected .
it completely freaked her out that she 'd been thinking the same thing .
one thing the shrinks tried to teach you was how to wall off the monster , put it in a box , lock the door .
it 's the only thing that explains why mellie fought so hard to keep us there and why the changed never attacked .
he keeps saying the same thing over and over again : go , go , go , let me go . ''
the way sarah was running through that clip , unless she had a couple spare magazines ... maybe lucian figured out the same thing at the exact same instant : that sarah was only wasting bullets .
she 'd thought of the same thing when trying to figure out how finn managed all those changed .
holding his fist over the water , chris said , ` ` i ' m not sure what 's the right thing to say .
it was tom , his voice very low , so gentle , and he said the exact right thing .
the doctors made reassuring noises about petit mal seizures and an alice in wonderland syndrome , but all their talk boiled down to the same thing : honey , so sucks to be you .
what was the last thing she remembered from this world ?
` ` i ' m not going anywhere with you , '' she said , and thought , with an unpleasant little ping in her chest , that this was the same thing she 'd said only minutes ago to kramer or the whisper - man or whatever the hell that had been .
i know this ; thought about this same thing not too long ago .
she 'd spouted the same thing to kramer .
just said the first damn thing that came to mind .
the important thing was she had n't known one single solitary thing about the murders .
` ` same thing , '' i said weakly .
it was the last thing i said all night , because my head got really cold and divided into three compartments , the tongue not connected to the brain .
none of us said anything right away , but i 'd be lying if i did n't admit i 'd wondered the same thing sometime between watching the red - and - blue police lights outside natalie 's trailer and now .
i stared at her for a minute , then said , ` ` i ' ve been asking myself the same thing . ''
she nodded , maybe realizing the same thing i had - that if she and trip split up , it would n't be the five of us anymore .
if there is such a thing .
what a wife you 'll make someday , '' i said as i started driving , and then realized immediately that if jed were right and tannis liked me , that 'd be a really uncomfortable thing to say .
she looked over , smiling through teary eyes , and i knew it had been the right thing to say , even if it was n't all true .
` ` the last thing he said was , ' hey , that 's mine . ' ''
` ` you know the worst thing about what i saw in the binoculars ? ''
in fact , i 'd thought that very thing when i 'd seen it on my ex , lucas .
i smiled at my own joke - the kind of thing that 'd give petra a laugh - but then , feeling mean , added , ` ` really , it helps me to come .
because the first thing i 'd thought - my insides doing a fluttery spin at the idea - was that zander was here because he 'd followed me .
` ` i could ask you the same thing , '' he said , his voice teasing but with a sharper edge .
` ` the stores are going to say the same thing , '' she said , disappointed .
` ` i wonder if he 'd say the same thing . ''
` ` i know ... , '' i started , pausing when i realized there really was n't a single other thing that i knew .
it was the one thing i had n't gotten to ask .
i needed confirmation of the thing i 'd always wondered .
she nodded slowly as if this crazy , awful thing i 'd told her was perfectly normal .
i might have said the same thing if i had any family to see .
this was the kind of thing best friends shared , but there 's no way i could tell her .
i feared the same thing as nan .
ace laughed , but i thought that was a weird thing to say .
but the next thing he said made me think he was n't jealous after all , only wary that i was manipulating him .
one thing i had to give sam : he knew his own voice and how to box his weight .
was the first thing he said the whole trip .
i held my breath for the horrible thing mr . hardiman had said to sam .
and now i was thinking about how my mother kept saying the same thing to me .
i did n't reply , but i raised an eyebrow , which was the same thing , for me .
funny story : that is also the first thing my mother said to me . ''
i was n't sure my face had n't been saying the same thing back to him .
i do n't know ... ... '' ` ` that is the most obvious thing you have said all day .
what 's one thing you know you would never say in an interview ? ''
the thing i 'd put in my veins scrabbled through my bloodstream to my brain .
grubb said , slow as lava , ` ` is n't that the craziest thing you ' ve ever heard ? ''
` ` please let go , '' i said , and it was the meanest thing i 'd ever said , and i did n't even want what i was asking for .
but i could n't seem to say the same thing about isabel .
i wondered if she thought the same thing about me .
` ` isabel will tell you the same thing , '' i said .
she turned to look at me and it was her eyes and my eyes and i felt a surging sensation of rightness , of saying the right thing at the right time to the right person , that too - rare sensation of having the right thing to say and believing it , too : ` ` i ' m only going to say this once , so you better believe me the first time .
she turned to look at me and it was her eyes and my eyes and i felt a surging sensation of rightness , of saying the right thing at the right time to the right person , that too - rare sensation of having the right thing to say and believing it , too : ` ` i ' m only going to say this once , so you better believe me the first time .
but he was also such an incredible dirtbag that you could n't really trust a single thing he said , either .
i 'd never forgotten my father 's reply , because it was the first and only clever thing i thought he 'd ever said : people do n't change who they are .
as soon as i said the words , i hated them , because it was the same thing that grace 's mom had just said about me .
it 's the same thing over and over every week .
the woods had taken that void that was me , the thing i thought that could never be full , never be satisfied , and they 'd made me lose everything - things i never knew i wanted to keep .
because he wanted to get me something and this happened to be the first thing ?
here 's the thing , and it 's going to sound crazy , but ... grace is alive , she 's still here in mercy falls , and she 's okay . ''
he was probably thinking the same thing as me : namely , that most everyone in mercy falls mistrusted him , and if someone noticed him standing at the back of a parking lot with an uncertain - looking girl , things could get unpleasant .
i thought it was the truest thing i 'd ever heard from cole st . clair .
it was possibly the most unnecessary thing i had ever said .
` ` sam , '' she said , and she was breathless , as if she might have been thinking the same thing i was .
and it was the first thing i said .
it was the most horrible thing i 'd ever had to say .
twenty - five to realize that it might end up being the last thing i ever said to him .
normally the irony of such a thing would have amused me , but right now , all i could think about was the last thing i told cole .
there was something so fiercely big about the gesture of cole running with the wolves that it made the last thing i said to him ring in my ears .
remembering the last thing cole had said to me : i 'll see you on the other side .
i 'd seen olivia , snow dusting her white fur , just a few weeks earlier , but i did n't think that would be the most helpful thing to tell koenig .
i was just thinking that it was an awfully perceptive and selfless thing to say , if slightly uninformed .
i would n't have put it in those terms , but i was thinking the same thing .
i said the thing that had been bugging me since i 'd met him .
i could n't remember the first thing i 'd said to him .
so , finally , i said the thing that had been bothering me since i 'd gotten to her house .
` ` that 's the same thing he offered me , '' i said .
i did know this one thing : i would n't be able to untell either thing .
i did know this one thing : i would n't be able to untell either thing .
mom turned away , waving her hand in the air like she was just tired of the whole thing .
` ` it 's not the same thing , '' cole said .
i frowned at it for a moment , trying to imagine the sort of thing mom would say about a piece of art .
when i opened my eyes and spoke , i said the most mundane thing possible .
that 's not the sort of thing we told each other . ''
and just like that , she 'd said maybe the one thing that could ' ve made me feel better .
chapter thirty - two grace 45of the first thing sam said to me the next day was , ` ` it 's time to take you on a proper date . ''
actually , the very first thing he said was , ` ` your hair is all funky in the morning . ''
but the very first lucid thing he said ( i refused to believe my hair looked funky in the morning ) was the date statement .
that was the first thing i thought .
grace ... jack to- ... co. '' the only thing i could understand was his distress .
grace - i know this is an awful thing to ask .
if sam had been here , he would ' ve known the right thing to say .
we shared a lot of things now , but crying was one thing we never talked about .
gabe 's face is utterly unchanged , and i know that i ' m going to regret what i say , but it 's the only thing i can think of , so i say it .
i think this is a pretty stupid thing to say , because how could something not sweet make something sweeter , but i let it pass .
all i can think is : is this the last thing my parents heard ?
` ` i was thinkin ' the same thing .
this is the least shocking thing she could say , though .
after i say it , i realize it might not be the most sensitive thing to ask , but i ca n't un - ask it .
finn asks elizabeth , the first thing he 's said in a long while .
and that 's a terribly fanciful thing to be saying to sean kendrick , four - time winner of the scorpio races .
i will tell you one thing he said , kate .
this makes him heave a deep sigh , which seems like the closest thing to a confession i ' ve heard from him , and then he pushes to his feet .
blue had discovered that there were two distinct stereotypes for the rural population of her part of virginia : the neighbors who loaned one another cups of sugar and knew everything about everyone , and the rednecks who stood on their porches with shotguns and shouted racist things when they got drunk .
i do n't know the first thing about how to be that person again . ''
` ` sure thing , old man .
adam thought he 'd taken the whole thing pretty well , considering .
` ` same thing , '' persephone replied .
she supposed after she said it that it was a brave thing to say , but at the time , she 'd just said it because it was the truth , even if it was scary .
his thoughtless expression was one of wonder or of pain ; with gansey , they were so often the same thing .
no such thing as slightly mad .
` ` my thing , '' maura said , ` ` is that i never tell my thing . ''
he was struck by what a glorious and fearless animal blue sargent was , and he made a mental note to tell her that very thing , if she did n't drown getting whatever the second thing was .
but why would his father write the same thing in two different languages ?
kavinsky said , ` ` same thing i always want .
this was the most nonsensical thing he 'd said since this entire experience had begun .
here is the thing the gray man knew about gas stations after dark : they were the best and worst place in the world to kill someone .
he just kept looking at gansey , which was the same thing .
when blue did n't have enough money for something , the worst thing in the world was to imagine what it would ' ve been like to have whatever the something was .
it was n't quite the right thing to say , but it was n't entirely wrong , either .
` ` i do n't know how you found out , but that 's a pretty lousy thing to throw at a kid . ''
it was a brave thing to say , or an arrogant one , or maybe there was not enough of a difference between the two things to matter .
it was a brave thing to say , or an arrogant one , or maybe there was not enough of a difference between the two things to matter .
` ` do you remember the last thing my mother said to gansey ? ''
it was such a ridiculous thing to say that blue turned to look at him again .
` ` every psychic or medium i ' ve ever met tells me the same thing .
this was the hardest thing to internalize , that something permanent but invisible had happened .
his body could barely contain the thing that grew inside him .
shocked , she said , ` ` my father said that very same thing to me . ''
the greencloaks were saying the same thing about her .
` ` we 'll need to be on our guard , '' finn spoke up , the first thing he had said since they mounted the horses .
he seemed to be thinking the same thing .
rollan 's eye briefly caught hers , and meilin knew that he was thinking the same thing .
people talk too much , and generally if you listen to the first thing they say and the last , the middle will take care of itself .
the wanting for this - her in my arms , her tears on my t - shirt - to mean the same thing for her that it meant for me .
i did n't remember saying any such thing , but it sounded like me .
` ` as a matter of fact , i was wondering that very thing .
and was there really such a thing as too much butter on popcorn ?
but the only thing he said was , ` ` where is the beginning ? ''
it seemed wrong that the first thing that came to mind was a sarcastic response .
a kiss could never mean the same thing as this .
i tried to imagine the last thing i 'd said to dee .
it seemed like an awfully compassionate thing for her to say .
` ` i just thought a very uncharitable thing about a family member , '' i admitted .
of all the things i 'd heard this week , this turned out to be the one thing that was too big and distant to really comprehend .
of all the things i 'd heard this week , this turned out to be the one thing that was too big and distant to really comprehend .
luke asked softly , and i knew he was thinking the same thing as me .
` ` i think he punctured a lung , poor thing , '' said a bright , clear voice above me .
the stress on her face could only mean one thing .
` ` funny thing to say to your ride . ''
i could really be myself with levi , and i was pretty sure he could say the same thing .
` ` that 's the same thing . ''
yet another thing levi had n't told me .
` ` yeah , i guess i can say the same thing to you . ''
okay , so i get the one plate thing , but i only see one set of silverware . ''
that was the last thing i expected to hear , and i did n't know how i felt about it .
the heated look levi gave me let me know he was thinking the same thing .
he glared at me and i realized i had said the worst possible thing .
i 'd never felt such a thing in all of my life .
` ` i wanted to remind you of that very thing .
as i propped myself up on one arm to tell cadmus that very thing , a flash of color caught my eye .
one thing that i have learned in my life is that there are very few people who you can truly trust . ''
` ` the only thing in front of us was miles and miles of rolling hillside .
she had written the same thing over and over in scraggly , thin writing .
and i have not told you the last thing .
` ` hecate , i do n't understand one thing .
and i know that at least one thing is true .
i had learned one thing .
it was the closest thing to a black hole that the higginbottoms would ever experience , he 'd said .
the wording was a little different every time , and the dates varied , but they all meant the same thing .
tick had been wondering the same thing , but reality hit him then .
` ` there is one final thing to say before we begin .
when the haunce outlined the plan for what they needed to do to stop the fragmenting of the realities , one thing bled through all the others : they needed to hurry .
` ` you all keep asking me the same thing , and i ca n't answer it any differently .
horror is the only word i can think of to describe such a thing . ''
tick thought it was a perfectly absurd thing to say at the moment .
he could n't see a single thing , the darkness complete .
it was the first thing he 'd said since winking away from the thirteenth .
then the dog approached emma and said , ` ` if i could ask one last thing of you ... '' ` ` you ' ve been so kind , '' she replied .
` ` the thing i really do n't get is , why me ?
` ` what a sweet thing to say . ''
` ` i told them same thing , '' said the folding man .
i felt like i owed it to my grandfather not to dismiss the last thing he said to anyone in the world as delusional nonsense , and dr . golan was convinced that understanding them might help purge my awful dreams .
some of what grandpa portman had said made sense , like the thing about wanting me to go to the island .
i was following my dad into our suspiciously dark living room as he muttered things like ` ` what a shame we did n't plan anything for your birthday '' and ` ` oh well , there 's always next year , '' when all the lights flooded on to reveal streamers , balloons , and a motley assortment of aunts , uncles , cousins i rarely spoke to - anyone my mother could cajole into attending - and ricky , whom i was surprised to see lingering near the punch bowl , looking comically out of place in a studded leather jacket .
i love you , i miss you , when are you coming back , that kind of thing .
if not for all the wonderful things grandpa portman had said about this place , i might ' ve wondered if miss peregrine had rescued the children just to harvest their organs .
and then her expression turned grim , as if , in the brief silence between us , she had intuited the terrible thing i 'd come to tell her .
then her cheek was against mine , and i knew it was now or never , so i said the first mood - killing thing that popped into my head .
` ` i might have thought the same thing , if i had n't observed you beforehand . ''
` ` weirdest damn thing . ''
the first thing he said was my name .
watching the mesmerizing dance of new threads in the tapestry , the magruwen was sure of only one thing .
you asked what i missed most and that 's the first thing that popped into my head .
i wondered what the next thing i was supposed to hate was .
` ` have you learned so little of us , kropp , that you would believe such a thing ?
` ` because you both knew the same thing : as long as the knights lived , they were the only hope of ever keeping the sword safe .
` ` the only thing i heard was that your uncle was murdered last spring . ''
` ` she did tell me one thing .
same thing with the satcom folder , the one i figured he was working on when i went to bed , since i saw the satellite image on the screen .
oh , did i say one more thing ?
` ` a teacher told me once there 's no such thing as a stupid question . ''
` ` no such thing in my experience .
only these were n't cops ; they were agents of darkness , and that meant one thing : they would n't stop until they were dead - or i was .
and if you fail to deliver that one thing , we shall leave you to your fate at the hands of mogart 's son . ''
my thing - that - must - be - done was n't his thing - that - must - be - done , and if i told him my thing , he was going to do his thing , and that would mean vosch would do his thing , and that was torturing mr . needlemier like he did sam , maybe even killing him and his family , all because he had the misfortune of knowing alfred kropp .
sometimes the thing - that - must - be - done and the right thing are the same thing for both people .
i was a lot of things , but one thing i was n't was a myth .
i was a lot of things , but one thing i was n't was a myth .
you know that your truth , the one that you hide , conor o'malley , is the thing you are most afraid of .
that 's one thing the monster had definitely taught him .
the headmistress gave him a grim smile , almost kind , and then she said almost exactly the same thing his father had said .
well i think the only thing we ve established is that toad dwarves are crazy .
no way , we were just trying to get away from you two because i just woke up and you guys are really loud first thing in the morning .
but not before the voice said one more thing .
but i guess my mind was tired of seeing the same thing over and over again .
as the chords vibrated out of the taylor , she moved on to the chorus , singing what may have been the truest thing she had said all day : ` ` i ' ve never been more homesick than now .
the flag of palestine , was the first thing wara thought as she frowned at the large flag .
many smooth things to say flooded stalin 's mind at the moment , but unexpectedly , all of them seemed out of place here in the middle of this christian bookstore , surrounded by the surreal sound of churchy music floating from a stereo .
memory thing ?
she managed to turn the whole thing into a compliment about how he must have been a really smart businessman at an early age to have been able to afford to build the lodge .
no such thing , callie was shaking her head , my mom said so .
no one in the line behind him looked very happy ; they were probably all thinking the same thing about making their lunches next time .
bob declared , his simple mind latching onto the last thing he had heard and going with it .
the only thing she knows how to say is sorry , johnny finished whispering to nancy .
the only thing scar felt he knew for sure was that if he attacked her and failed , it would be the end of him .
but when pressed for information , he would never say a thing , but would instead just shake his head and smile .
i agree with that , i mean that is the only thing that makes sense there .
however , many of them have kids for some sort of welfare thing i heard .
so they take him to court and he pleads not guilty , because he did nt want to admit such a thing in public .
a strange thing to think , but i wonder if you can have something evil inside of you without being evil yourself .
it seems like a brave thing to say , or at least defiant .
ill keep an open mind , would have been a clever thing to say .
i gaze out through the windshield , and the only thing i can think is , i already had a home .
and another thing , boy .
i do nt want the same thing to happen to him .
i never saw billy again , and never heard a bad thing about him after that either .
i m sure they were thinking the same thing .
do not say another thing until i get there , and get her away from that computer .
do nt say another thing until i get there .
you say the wrong thing , and this can go on and on .
first thing i heard , just after it happened , was he had lost an arm , but that was false .
mr . wendell guterraz , the father - in - law , give him a call , and hell verify the whole thing .
you said the same thing .
razz adds , ` ` i was thinking the same thing . ''
zarr says , ` ` i was just thinking the same thing . ''
the closest thing we ve probably ever had to a mole was probably kain .
no contact number , no company name , not even any indication of when he would arrive , but i was sure of one thing , he would .
after they landed , and with the help of his very reluctant fitter they cleaned the beast , inside and out , after all he out ranked them both and r.h.i.p ( rank has its privileges ) , but just before his by now thoroughly hacked off matelot departed , with a machine gun that could now fire round corners over his shoulder , david asked him to explain one thing , what on earth is a tiffy ?
it was an interminably long period of time , and although he understood that what she was doing was important he just was nt used to this new feeling inside him , so when she finally managed to get the time to visit him , the first thing that he said to her , as she stood exhausted in the doorway was - will you please marry me ?
david and caroline got cindy a my parents went to palm beach and all they got me was this lousy tee - shirt tee - shirt - i promised to stand guarantor on the mortgage , and then that evening we got all dressed up and decided to go for a chinese , well as chinese as the hotels echo restaurant got , i never did get the hang of the stainless steel chop sticks , and so the last thing that i said to david and caroline as i bid them goodnight was please wake me up in time for the first flight off of this fantasy island .
they arrived at lunch - time , of course expecting one , but as everyone knows there is no such thing as a free lunch .
in any case it was quite a wondrous thing to hear .
lilly ann came to the rescue , remember the first thing that you heard me say when we met on the old highway ?
mm , was the first thing he said walking into the kitchen , something smells delicious .
what was the first thing you seriously asked ?
lilly ann said the same thing , ask lilly , but can i really put that on her ?
you certainly have some clout around here do nt you was the first thing that gerald said to me as he entered the room , first they wanted to throw the cases out into the street , swiftly followed by yours truly , then when i mentioned your name they could nt do enough for me , there is now an armed guard on my underpants .
just as soon as aaron arrives with twinkle ( i could nt persuade him to choose another name it was shelleys nickname ) she said , he should have arrived two days ago but he is stuck in france with a volcanic rash - or some such thing .
even though i had sated some of my anger , i was still raging inside , so i did not mince my words , and although i had said at the start that there would be no questions on completion of the statement , a daily mirror reporter just had to push his luck , and mr michaels what would happen if another news group did a similar thing he shouted .
i 'll follow you to the ends of the earth , but one thing we have to agree on , promise me the minute either of us says come on it 's time to go home , the other makes no argument just says lets go .
ned was the closest thing we had to a doctor he ripped open her blouse and said , i have to try to stop this bleeding get the medical kit jim was standing above me i said , keep these ships out of range .
i said , sweetie you 'll get no argument out of me you ve got no idea how many times i came close to telling you the same thing .
maybe they are two - faced , telling the public one thing and their private patron 's another ( sort of like insider trading ) anyway i have grown to mistrust them and believe that any good farmer with a barnyard education can predict our future economy with far greater accuracy .
i could ask you the same thing , finn , returned leofric dryly .
rafe smiled ; it seemed such a typical thing for adele to have said .
how can you hope such a thing when i am betrothed to you ?
i would not have thought such a thing , replied eda softly .
i understand ; and , ill even forgive you if you promise me one thing .
for one thing , i m just curious .
if they really want to know , we tell them the same thing reg just told you .
i d like to go over there and tell his father a thing or two .
in fact , we clearly denounce it in our creed which is the first thing you read in our charter .
small , was a relative thing ; it was only small when compared to the total size of the head the jaw was still over eight feet long .
that was the first thing he said about me , you have good hands .
one thing i could say for santini , he did nt stint any on the grub .
one thing i did nt say were , i and jaquanll find whoever was responsible and severely end the responsible life of that drive by and visit their funerals .
one thing i did say , that i was immediately sorry for , they asked me could i identify the track of the killer if i saw it again , and i said i believe i could .
and the last thing he had said , clyde orum .
then bohlen said , ` ` that s a hell of a thing to say to a man .
i do nt remember one single thing about me before i woke up , roulibard stopped abruptly , got up and walked away , slipping out of the small entrance .
the one thing we knew for certain was that she had been to the hidden palace to see the dark one and we were pretty sure she had been to brikenwald court to see king karlos .
very well , i can see that nothing i say will change your mind but there is one more thing you all need to know before you leave here .
he looked at the little girl to see a wide smile on her face and he knew she was thinking the same thing he was .
he figured she would surpass him before she turned sixteen ; one thing he had never told her about her father was that he was 6 ll .
this is loosely translated , as all of them basically say the same thing , but not exactly !
i thought you were dead when they dragged you in and i had nt even seen that thing on your leg , that bite .
he knew one thing , though .
he remembered the first thing she had said to him , that she did nt need the distractions that getting involved in relationships and causes other than her own brought .
that was the one thing his dad had sworn him to .
i was thinking that very same thing myself .
first off , lets get one thing straight .
why would you say such a thing , lisa ?
i was thinking the same thing , mark admitted .
as a matter - of - fact , its the only thing that did make sense .
the last thing she said to me was , if the real bobby i knew and loved ever comes home from vietnam , tell him his family is waiting for him in dallas .
the only thing that comes to mind is that i m a certified lunatic .
one thing i m sure of though , they do nt want to mess it up .
if not for her putting some kind of voodoo on us , i would never have said such a hateful thing .
i have one last thing to say on the entire subject , forever .
you have nt said any such thing .
that was nt half enough time for dad to go through his preflight routine , and the very first thing he d taught me was how vital it was to always do everything by the book .
seize the day , because life is short and time is fleeting , or some such thing .
one thing i had decided by then was that one guy could nt pull all this off on his own for long .
william watched jacob eat , certain of one thing there were so many unanswered questions .
and have nt you heard that very thing in town ?
its not at all the same thing .
because sarah had been thinking of john when she heard the shout , the first thing that came , irrationally , to her mind , was that he had somehow gotten hurt in the brief moments since she had last seen him .
it had been the exact right thing to say .
outwardly , i acted the way every other teenager or young adult would , so when the well - dressed italian man came to my door , the only thing i could think of was why in the world they would want me .
next thing you re going to tell me is that you were never even in the military .
i could only think of one thing to say .
ill tell you one thing though : you are right .
well , that was a nice thing to say .
bordeaux had not been happy and had nt had a nice thing to say about the centurion since .
wang had decided to leave as well , indicating he would go to greece , and perhaps teach their doctors a thing or two about modern medicine .
not if he had a damned thing to say about it .
you remember one thing : manny always loved you .
connecting his fist with the boy 's jaw and teaching him a thing or two about real respect would feel so damned good just then .
i could only think of one thing .
the second column was a list of offenses , most of them the same thing : ulut alcohol transport .
i was just sitting there in his room watching little green blips of light surf peaks and valleys , each peak accompanied by that damned sound that means the same thing in any language .
there s no such thing as too old for prison .
well , there s only the one thing you need to know .
he said the same thing .
i was nt about to tell her a thing .
mommy says the same thing .
there s one thing you do nt know about me , i said .
i ve only got one last thing to say .
that s the kind of thing doodle might have said , i thought , wishing once again he was with me when i got to the conner brothers place .
there was no doubt i said the right thing when luke threw his arms in the air and bellowed , bless his gol dang soul .
thanks , i thought the same thing myself .
i m sure i ve heard the whole thing before .
i can promise you one thing for sure , dub .
that s the kind of thing i ve heard him say is all .
the thing about facing your fears seemed to be working i thought .
i figured i had him trapped and there would not be another thing he could say .
it will be a terrible thing to bear , ira said as he and dad stood up and started down the steps .
he repeated the same thing three times or four in the first ten minutes of our ride .
as it turned out , it was the most significant thing anyone asked all day .
one final thing i ve got to say is how much i hated it when the last sheets of the sears , roebuck and co. catalog were gone there were no more corncobs until the next harvest .
all insane criminals say the same thing .
you sat next to me on the train , saying the same thing .
i ask only one thing , please , keep an open mind .
before i go , i want to say one last thing .
the only thing he could tell me was a man known as the watcher insisted the scroll must remain in the care of a relative for eternity .
i m betting the first thing you ll say is ; you will still be able to save them both .
the only thing i can read is the number 777 , she called .
please , i need to know one thing ; is this whole mess you re in on the level or am i being set up for a movie ?
if that is nt being a soul mate , there is no such thing .
amber said the same thing .
its the strangest thing i ve ever heard anyone say .
it all added up to the same thing .
maybe because its such a common thing , he d simply disregarded it .
but seeing it now on the screen , he knew one thing for sure : this needed to be kept under wraps .
hesitation equals weakness or some such thing .
that s another thing ill never forget .
chris smiled , because he d been thinking exactly the same thing .
certainly , it could be political , some sort of statement from an eco - terrorist group about how were destroying the planet or some such thing .
chris had wondered the same thing himself .
' i heard the same thing once before , ' said a belgian , ' when i was in the gorilla country .
but rather than squeak back at the man that the item had sold , or that i would talk to the auctioneer to see whether the auction could continue , i blurted out the dumbest thing i ever had in my entire life .
the other thing he 'd mentioned was the thing i had just proved to myself as i had thrown myself face - first down that incredibly steep hill : the land around here was just full of ditches , valleys , and bloody horrendously steep hills .
the other thing he 'd mentioned was the thing i had just proved to myself as i had thrown myself face - first down that incredibly steep hill : the land around here was just full of ditches , valleys , and bloody horrendously steep hills .
i had been honest about one thing : i really was going to do everything i could to keep her safe .
and i guess that was one thing i could say about the guy : despite the fact he was supremely arrogant , he did n't stop , not for anything .
none of this made any sense , and the only thing i was really sure about was that sebastian had been lying all along .
with one more enormous swallow , i said the first thing that came into my head : ' romeo 's men .
they are back at my great - uncle 's manor , i said the first thing i could think of , and romeo 's men already have a head start on you .
but at least it meant one thing : above the wind no one would be able to hear what was going on at the stanton estate , and with the brooding , completely dark clouds , no one would be able to see the lights of the helicopters , and i did hope that there were helicopters ones belonging to the army , that was .
the only thing i could think of was that this was it .
jesus christ it was dark in here ; the only thing i could know for sure was that maratova was on the floor with me and he was murderously angry .
` ` sure thing , mister cam long as we do n't get too hungry . ''
` ` i suppose a pencil could n't destroy too many civilizations one more thing , thoughare you lying ? ''
dimarico shook his head , saying , ` ` well , i 'll tell you one thing , we ca n't use these lousy slow oxcarts that look ready to break down and hardly go two miles an hour .
and another thing '' ` ` there 's another thing , '' leeann whispered behind her hand to edith .
` ` maybe well anyways , he hands me a wooden cup filled with this slop that passes for beer , hereand i 'll say one thing , it 's pretty strong .
if no man else could add any new thing , he would tell the outland frea they were satisfied .
that was a one shot thing , i said and looked up and met darryl 's gaze , hoping i 'd see something there that said this was nothing more than a casual suggestion .
was i supposed to call kovat my lord or sir or some such thing ?
so there is no such thing ?
i said the only thing i could .
? asks ryu shyly and embarrassed by the only thing running through his mind , no , i broke up with him after i heard what happened .
crap , we ve been spotted , roy indicates , shocked about how quickly it happened , it was nt even an hour since they had reached the cave , this only meant one thing , someone had informed the king about the assault , but who , roy began to wonder as he called upon his armorth and told the rest to just fight through them without stopping .
the giant does nt voice a single thing , roy looks at him for a minute and inspects the body to see if zepar had altered the fluxs body , but finds nothing .
i detest this thing from a parent .
i thought to myself that she did nt jock when she said that psychology was her passion , considering that this thing could be read on her face .
his heart stopped beating in a night , where he had a argument with my mother -- at least she told me this thing , even if i remember something different , that he took his life away , none the less that i do not remember well -- .
i smiled while i was writing , because was somehow ridiculous , meaning that even so i do nt had the courage to catch her and say every thing , i preferred to shut up and to hide myself or to make a scene , typical me .
i refused to accept this thing ; he could nt go and to left me alone .
and i m afraid that the same thing will happen with you .
i lied him , but that truth with the rape thing he has not to know .
you want to know one more thing ?
i did nt stayed and think too much , i could find out when will be the right moment , i had to go out from there even if i lied him about the police , but the lying thing can turn up to be the truth anytime .
i realized that the i love you thing said by me was truly for a guy my age , not to a closed child in that my age boy .
great just fantastic one more thing she had messed up today .
zafira had said that same thing about five times now .
confusion was the only thing she was sure of at that moment , confusion about zafira and their argument and about her feelings toward nab .
zanas wondered how many pledges she had said the very same thing to , and how many of them had made it out alive .
the only thing to mislead the investigator would have been belief in all the good things she said of herself .
athys had even gone so far as to question m. de treville -- a thing which , considering the habitual reticence of the worthy musketeer , had very much astonished her captain .
' that was my intention ; but , my dear friend , i have one thing to confess to you . '
' nothing ; for that amounts to the same thing as if i asked you for something . '
' your eminence is right , ' replied milord ; ' and i have been wrong in seeing in the mission with which you honor me anything but that which it really is -- that is , to announce to her grace , on the part of your eminence , that you are acquainted with the different disguises by means of which she succeeded in approaching the king during the fete given by the constable ; that you have proofs of the interview granted at the louvre by the king to a certain italian astrologer who was no other than the duchess of buckingham ; that you have ordered a little romance of a satirical nature to be written upon the adventures of amiens , with a plan of the gardens in which those adventures took place , and portraits of the actors who figured in them ; that montague is in the bastille , and that the torture may make her say things she remembers , and even things she has forgotten ; that you possess a certain letter from de chevreuse , found in her grace 's lodging , which singularly compromises not only his who wrote it , but his in whose name it was written .
' your eminence is right , ' replied milord ; ' and i have been wrong in seeing in the mission with which you honor me anything but that which it really is -- that is , to announce to her grace , on the part of your eminence , that you are acquainted with the different disguises by means of which she succeeded in approaching the king during the fete given by the constable ; that you have proofs of the interview granted at the louvre by the king to a certain italian astrologer who was no other than the duchess of buckingham ; that you have ordered a little romance of a satirical nature to be written upon the adventures of amiens , with a plan of the gardens in which those adventures took place , and portraits of the actors who figured in them ; that montague is in the bastille , and that the torture may make her say things she remembers , and even things she has forgotten ; that you possess a certain letter from de chevreuse , found in her grace 's lodging , which singularly compromises not only his who wrote it , but his in whose name it was written .
' so , ' cried milord , as if he could not resist giving utterance to a holy indignation , ' you , a pious woman , you who are called a just woman , you ask but one thing -- and that is that you may not be inculpated , annoyed , by my death ! '
i have only one thing to ask of you ; that is , the name of your true executioner .
a propos , add one thing -- ' ' what ? '
' do one thing . '
besides , i do n't walk around the place looking for trouble ; tearing off people 's sketches , calling them idiots , armature or unpleasant things . ` `
` ` look , if you like this girl , fine ; but you have to understand one thing : she 's not ordinary .
i looked around me and saw nothing special there ; the place has been like that ever since i got old enough to remember things .
even though she said it with a tony tod kind of straight , serious face , i must admit that was the sweetest thing she had ever said to me .
it was not the wittiest thing i could have said , but i was not at my most composed .
it was the last thing i had expected to hear , and as the footsteps passed by the doorway outside i knew my situation was precarious .
the only thing i can say with any certainty is that when i turned towards him , but before my left foot even touched the ground , his eyes went blank and he fell to the deck , quite unconscious .
there he is , was the last thing i heard before the blackness and silence of unconsciousness enveloped me .
but simon , may i just tell you one thing in confidence ?
that is the weakest thing i ever heard and i m much too excited to sleep !
rikis eyes met neils and they raised their eyebrows in mutual surprise that her mother had said such a thing .
you were nt wrong about one thing .
maybe he d made the whole thing up just to manipulate henrik into helping him .
how could he say such a thing ?
there is one other thing you should know .
the little black - haired girl knew one thing .
i think the blocks say the same thing in different languages .
what i said was , i think the writing says the same thing .
of one thing he was sure .. they were a hard looking bunch and reneging on his deal might not sit well with them .
i think you re right dave , i stew over this thing pretty much every day .
of one thing i m sure and that is that jonny irvine is not involved and , if we are in agreement over that , i would recommend that we bring him into our confidence .
i was thinking the same thing about her , so i did n't argue .
i can say one thing for certain .
and as a reward for saving me you may ask one thing from me ; as long as i am capable of granting it .
alex knew of only one thing he could say that would help the little one know he was nt alone anymore .
leaving the tavern was the best choice because he did nt want to hear them slander his only friend anymore , but the last thing his cousin said was i hope that woman gets what s coming to her .
alex turned to kori and told her the same thing he explained to shade .
clift and marlin asked the same thing and alex told them exactly what he said to shade .
i was thinking the same thing , but the smell has nt changed at all .
i told you the same thing after i patched up your arm .
how can you ask him for such a thing ?
alex , i want you to promise me one thing .
he was stunned to hear such a thing .
there was one thing i forgot to tell you , said morrie .
despite his sleepiness , brand smiled wearily ; not a single thing hilda had just said was true .
brand confessed the thing that had been on his mind .
almighty god forbid , maybe they whatever malicious thing the shaykh is going to say , i silence it with another glare borrowed from the commander of the faithful .
why would you say such a thing , o shaykh ?
with the eyes of all the lodge on her , all she could do was tell shaykh zaad the same thing again in different words .
and that was the last thing he said .
he only needed to hear one thing now .
she continued saying the same thing , combinations of ` ` breathe '' and ` ` breath '' and ` ` air '' and ` ` feel '' until the boy 's choking sound stopped and a tiny bit of blue drained from his face .
like how she would sometimes contradict herself first thing ( literally the very first thing ) in the morning , as if her brain were working things out and her mouth lagged behind .
` ` what would be the first thing you would say if you saw brante again ? ''
even at the time i remember thinking it was such a sad thing to say .
others are thinking and asking the same thing so its probably best to bring up .
the last thing he expected to feel was nothing .
nathan had thought the same thing , ` ` i do n't think he would do that , he sounded pretty frantic which is rare for him . ''
okay , i made up the whole cia thing , you can call it whatever you want , but i m serious about the job .
he continued to hear the disquieting sounds of individual shots that could only mean one thing .
yes , you are right , it was presumptuous for me to ask such a thing .
one more thing friends and neighbors , and i will retire from you in every sense of the word .
this would turn out to be one of the best winter fishing trips anyone in the village could remember , but when the subject of the stranger being a good luck charm came up donn told each one in turn the same thing , that s a new one for me .
anyways that s not even the stupidest thing said about what caused those events to unfold .
was the first spoken thing sergeant scott said , turning to look at his duties partner .
miss lu , after seeing the things you have shown , i will believe the earth is flat if you say it is so , please , just tell me one thing , on second thought , make that two things .
miss lu , after seeing the things you have shown , i will believe the earth is flat if you say it is so , please , just tell me one thing , on second thought , make that two things .
and before we get into that mike , tell me one thing , how in the devil are we talking to each other .
i realize it is going to seem strange , but just remember one thing : i am not making this up , it actually happened .
turning back to the captain anhur spoke , you know my planet sunevs law prohibits me from becoming directly involved with your destiny , but one thing i can say - your destiny was decided long , long before today .
even though he was absolutely serious , it was an absurd thing for any one man to say .
and i ' ve heard the same thing from iago 's men . ''
rigil nodded contentedly , as if she had not been upbraiding dracen for suggesting the same thing .
that is the one thing you must never ask of me .
that is the same thing that he said in his email email ?
only he taught me one thing you wo nt find in the book , float like a butterfly and sting like a bee .
for those who knew how to receive and understand what the wind carried came a greater understanding of all things , for the mind must be truly open to receive such a thing .
then something even grandpa had nt seen before , within a few seconds the five of them looked at each other not saying anything but all thinking the same thing the water looked to have a greater velocity than on previous occasions then it came , preceded by a hoard of rushing insects of various sorts .
was the first thing she said to sananda the following morning .
i strongly recommend that we take it said charles , the desert is teaming with bloody scavengers , has nt been safe for years the two were thinking the same thing that they would take their chances without the gun but gratefully acknowledged the baggage .
he was freaked , he felt like he had just said something that he had known all his life , something he had even spoken in detail , about the very same thing !
we tell him the same old thing , there just was nt time to confer with them .
i think the first thing you better show me is the ventilation controls for this room .
my dad spent a lifetime in the navy and if there s one thing he taught me it was : never reinforce failure .
he knew that there was no chance of knowing all the men of his six platoons well enough to catch such a thing but both companies had captains , each platoon had lieutenants and each squad had a senior non - commissioned officer .
tell me one thing , no i have two things .
tell me one thing , no i have two things .
sarah exhaled , facing away , at the least sexy thing she thought she 'd ever heard , even from him .
he tried to speak , but a choking , gasping sound was the only thing that managed to escape his throat .
that was quite possibly the last thing he would have expected from the man he had come to know .
it was nt until general goldwyn found me and told me the same thing i told leah , the same thing she just told you , that i was able to find myself again .
it was nt until general goldwyn found me and told me the same thing i told leah , the same thing she just told you , that i was able to find myself again .
he needs to know we ve returned , and i do nt doubt hell have a thing or two to say to me about being so late behind schedule .
in times like this , there s only one thing you need to remember , said the voice of davydd .
that s impossible why would you say such a thing ?
how could he think such a thing ?
at a certain point , i realized i could have expressed the same thing in a different way , so i adopted this new formula and was about to continue my train of thought , when i suddenly felt with absolute clarity that everything had changed .
his heart said one thing , but his sense of duty another .
the only thing her father said was do nt stay out too late and her mother said have a good time .
peter inquired again , eagle one , one more thing .
rachael , i do nt know if its related , but there was one more thing jj learned from the kravchenko kid .
mai is the best thing that has ever happened to him , and now he sits , waiting to be ripped in two , as if he is eager to leave her .
kicking and thrashing through the weightless darkness , the only thing he is certain of as his consciousness leaves him is that he did nt make it .
the one thing he knows for certain is that mai is there for him .
i m tired and would just as soon go to my room and sleep before flying out first thing in the morning .
and that is why , in the name of christmas , gary , that holiest of holy days , the season for which the whole world lives , year in and year out , i have just one thing to say to you .
eleanor had known she 'd find them there ; they 'd grown up together in this room , and the dormitory group was the closest thing each girl had to a family unit , so when something of this magnitude was happening it was the natural place to congregate .
we 'll get moving soon enough , but before we start i need to make one thing perfectly clear .
surely that could only mean one thing , and she was n't sure she was ready to face her memories yet .
` ` that 's the silliest thing you ' ve ever said , '' he laughed .
how could he , of all people , say such a thing ?
that s the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard .
the book was clear on one thing .
that s the first intelligent thing you said in the last two hours .
now , the only thing he could hope for was they would never find the golden disk of the sun .
i have to ask you one thing .
i know we have to end here but i d like to ask one thing .
lets get one thing clear though .
i know that s a painful thing to comprehend .
he knew one thing ; this would drive him crazy , eating away at him with unanswered questions .
xin was thinking the same thing .
without thinking , i said the first thing that popped into my head .
if i faltered or said the wrong thing it could cost the commander his life .
i could tell by the weirded out look on his face , atticus was thinking the same thing .
if there s one thing i ve learned in all my time its that you never mess with a crazy person .
lets get one thing straight , i said turning around and lifting my dress with one free hand as i advanced him , i m no ones girl .
all i could mutter out was how did you but i was my embarrassed face and blushing cheeks were enough to make him laugh , which was the last thing i expected to come out of his mouth .
chapter fourteen : oh brother let me get one thing straight ; my older brother eden was an evil little shit .
we walked merit badge up and down the street a few times , saying things like , duck under the branch and watch out for this part of the river .
atticus did n't say a thing .
the second one was from the nsa asking the same thing , and he repeated what he had told the general .
that s the only thing that i can come up with .
i nod my consent , a universal thing which needs no translating .
i do nt know , i sometimes ask myself the same thing .
lets see ; i went over and had a look at the display , read the caption thing at the front and then had another look at it .
ill do as you ask , but there s just one thing i think i should tell you .
ill be willing to do one more thing for you that i hope you ll accept .
one thing is forever good , that one thing is success , and to all the heavenly brood .
i could never imagine such a thing .
` ` what a thing to say , christopher .
that seemed to be the only thing you could nt remember .
this is the most ridiculous , absurd thing i ve ever heard in my life , chris .
i could nt imagine such a thing .
even thou her friends did nt say a bad thing about her relationship , only mariuss was making some remarks , like the girl forgot about her true friends , and even angell was laughing , being used to his type of sarcastic jokes .
marvell wanted to say couple of sweet things to serena , but he pleased himself just to look unpleasant to her .
even if she would proof this thing i would still not believe .
but what about the thing that we like each other ?
angell felt a new wave of guild by her death , but she was refusing to say this thing to no one , fearing agreeing with her .
i do not believe a damn thing from your promised nightmare .
grant smiled , i might ask you the same thing , i work here .
just one last thing before i forget .
each thing he d written was exponentially harder and more complicated to do than the last , and the sudden realization of it struck him hard .
and that s the first thing ill teach you about where you re going , she said .
i m thinking the same thing .
its just the last thing shell say to me , and i did nt want to be looking at what happened to her when i read it .
and the biometric signature thing on the tool to take the watch off ?
no such thing as bad weather ?
the only thing grandpa ever told us was to stay out of that part of the woods .
that was always the second thing grandpa would say .
it said the most wonderful thing .
the only thing i can say , grandpa continued , is thacha simply make the best decision ya can and move on .
the last thing he said .
those were the only words i could think of , probably not the best thing i could have said at the time .
cheza was going through the same thing i did and i was nt about to try and break her nose to see if she would snap out of it .
as far as i can tell , that is the only thing she can say so far , tia said , interjecting on my thoughts .
ill have to apologize for the whole ass smacking thing later .
i trust dagda because the tuatha de danann have had this feud with the norse since the 900s and because loki ca nt offer him the same thing he offered illapa .
now one last thing tia trails off .
the other thing i called i say .
although , i m not sure if it was from your prank or that other thing natasha shouts .
okay , just one more thing that we are not going to tell anyone else , besides sara , tia says and then gets a mischievous look on her face .
this could only mean one thing - the angel was somewhere near .
and another thing thank you both , he added .
and the most important thing is that your grandmother and her children were united , they loved and supported each other .
they were all saying the same thing , they either had nt been involved or they were nt to blame .
the elders voice trembled as he said the same thing to kolee , pointing out how the metal surface was marred by hundreds of tiny pits and cracks .
prophecies do nt throw lances , but i admit i was thinking the same thing .
he knew what he wanted to hear , wished he could express the force of the thing that had been growing in his mind since col first mentioned the prophecy .
his voice had a soft , concerned quality gan had never heard before as , instantly wide awake , he said , tell me only one thing .
in the end there was only one thing to say .
there was one thing that ted was sure of : it seemed that this recurring horror was growing ever more vivid with each passing night and yet he never got any closer to revealing the mystery of his past .
if there 's one thing i ' ve learned about these things ... ted swung the ax with all his might , catching the zombie just below the eyes .
then middle - sized billy goat gruff will follow you and say the same thing , she continued .
the first thing that popped into matildas head was how her aunt could possibly know what had happened to peekee .
sure enough matilda saw large posters on the sides of the road , billboards at the entrance to parks and neon signs on the tops of buildings , all saying the same thing laborians the secret to happiness is wealth produce , produce , produce each sign had a picture of the zithium display they had seen in the wizards foyer .
the first thing i need you to know is that i am not being forced to tell you what you are about to hear .
it was the thing that she had been trying to remember .
looking at neptune , she said , tell me one thing before you go .
but for me the whole thing just sounds like a lot of pain .
what was the un - sexiest thing i could think of ?
was about the first thing she said .
oh , grandpa , what a thing to say !
i was wondering the same thing , julie , i said .
valarie frowns , wondering if that was the wrong thing to say .
it 's the only thing you and i will agree on today , lisa states .
you and i are not remembering the same thing , jason says .
one thing i ' ve been meaning to tell you sir , since neo utopia .
i was thinking the same thing , warrior replies .
many of the biosynths have been saying the same thing .
and the second thing , the second thing is even more amazing .
and if there was a second thing , it was that he always thought he knew what girls wanted .
the first thing you need to know , and probably the most important thing , is that no one can see us or hear us .
you can go anywhere you want and no one will ever say a thing , because they ll never know .
knowing what i know now , this seems like the best thing that s ever happened to me .
truthfully , i have to say that this entire month has been filled with the unexpected , so why not one more thing ?
because the first thing they said was , get it straight , hillbillywe do nt like you and were going to break you .
kenneth had said basically the same thing .
and i thought i always said the wrong thing .
i m sure he s wondering the same thing multiplied by ten right now , parker answered .
paul , shocked , did nt trust himself to say the right thing so he kept silent and waited for her to collect herself .
he did nt know why , it just did nt seem like the kind of thing that should be shared , even when it pertained to someone who d more or less declared themselves an enemy .
i would ve been wondering the same thing , too , with all that s happened .
he looked over at kenneth and saw the same thing going through his mind .
what a stupid thing to say , shouted the keeper through his sobbing .
the one thing i am sure of is that this is no ordinary spell and that it would only have been cast to cause the most grief and satisfy the greatest need of revenge for some perceived injury in the past .
all that stuff about the greek gods being real and that they re fading , the prophecy and that thing about replacing them as well , that s all true ?
is there such thing ?
what s bad is the thing we told you a few minutes ago , the monsters are escaping , jay shouted impatiently , getting very annoyed that frederick never took any notice of them .
because if you re going to save the world from all the greek monsters , i think you re going to need some help , and what s the point saying the same thing over and over again to all your allies ?
i grabbed the reins and clutched them to my palms and his mouth frothed with foam from chewing his bit and i said to my mare the last thing i knew to say , go !
she knew full well once the sultan had gotten wind of her name the first thing he had yelled was to saddle his fastest horse , and the little spit - fire he rode in on was obviously it .
it wo nt ruin either thing : plenty of women have babies every day .
really , though , what s that thing twain was meant to have said ?
that was the most absurd thing she had heard .
sofia chuckled but never say a thing .
that s the same thing i wan na ask , sever replied , sitting over the railings .
whenever she looked into his eyes , she remembered one thing .
she decided not to tell the whole thing .
and if i learned one thing at the missions , it is that there is wrong thinking in all peoples and you were brought to us by sup , our god .
when ramn diego says a thing , you can count on it , anglo .
the sound that could only mean one thing .
thatch said as he recalled the same thing .
pages ruffled to an unseen breeze as trinity scanned through her book looking for just the right thing .
just a trading post mostly , but the closest thing to civilization for a ways .
could nt remember a blessed thing for several months .
i can think of one thing .
now i have to rewrite this entire thing , she yelled .
tori told her everything that daniel knew , not her personal stuff , but one thing he did nt know .
there s no such thing as to early to think about the perfect present , mike said .
but i hope we can all agree on one thing .
the guard eyed me sharply , and i realized this was the wrong thing to say .
perhaps she s worried about saying the wrong thing , or getting in your way , over - stepping the mark .
that s a strange thing to say .
i ve talked to many people and they ve all said the same thing ; bullets hurt .
yes responded george and i guess everyone else was thinking the same thing because they all started heading for the exit .
but one thing has remained pure in those vote - begging mongrels hearts ; always praise the entrepreneur .
if for some reason you get the chance to go canoeing , do it , but remember one thing ; whom you choose to canoe with is the most important decision you will make the entire day .
we will , and have , gone to war over them for no other reason than having them say things like you re cute or you re adorable when we know quite well were no such thing .
we will , and have , gone to war over them for no other reason than having them say things like you re cute or you re adorable when we know quite well were no such thing .
yep , the only thing he can say is steve .
because i m going to buy a hot dog i said which was the wrong thing to say .
the girls took my bedroom and i did nt even need to do the whole please take it , i insist thing which is a socially annoying nonsense developed for some reason or another , i guess to make the guest look magnanimous in declining what the host is offering only to relent after the host insists even though everyone knows its a charade and they were going to take the thing anyway .
i m guessing the very thing you suspected , mistress .
he says he s here to see the judgment the wolf said and something in nat face registered what i said was the wrong thing to say .
okay , the dearest thing was a little forward if you ask me .
the tension in the room , if you can believe it , actually went up a notch or two as the three wolves of satan stood silently across the floor from the two wolves of letorque and me , cowering behind the legs of george in an attempt to not only hide myself from the intimidating creatures on the other side of the makeshift ring but , i believe , to shield my own eyes from viewing them because at that point in my life i d never been so sure of one thing ; i was going to die .
what is the worst thing that i would have said ?
stryker said , i could ask you the same thing !
just remember one thing ; this is a completely secure building .
if he was one thing , he was a man of his word .
candace , one thing you need to know about me is that i am not a shallow person , nor do i allow my feelings to interfere with helping someone .
then the only thing that came to my mind was they should surely be magicians .
but , after year 1810 january 15 he has nt written any thing i had so many doubts in my head and none of them had a solution or an explanation .
every thing happened the last couple of days came to my mind one by one .
and then i said to him the one thing you should never say to a kid his age .
i suppose they ll say the same thing about us some day .
its about the only thing that makes sense .
it seemed to be the only thing said all night that got her attention .
when they opened court raleigh continued as if he had nt heard a thing thorn had said .
scott was making a lot of noise , and anyone in the nearby tents could have heard him easily , but thorn could nt think of a single thing to say that might comfort him or make him stop .
and i want to make one thing perfectly clear : while people like thorn , and people like those who abandoned us , may act as cowards , among my gang fear will not be tolerated .
` ` no , the only thing he said was that it would be mad in a few weeks .
it says the same thing . ''
you know , ellsworth just told me a funny thing .
in all my years , i have never seen such a thing .
you have to say one thing : these natives have good taste in jewellery .
ill say another thing for these natives ; they have pretty daughters .
one thing i have learned living all these years in the east is that europe has no monopoly on evil .
the pair might only have met a handful of times since their bust - up some ten years back , most recently nine months ago at an edinburgh auction , but their friendship had been strong enough that each man remembered virtually every single thing he d learned about the other : history , hates , likes , ambitions - everything .
things like the chauvet cave thing in france .
whoa , boy , remember one thing : it was a decoy .
the lady murasaki thing . ''
` ` i guess i might be wondering the same thing about you . ''
` ` sure thing master connor . ''
` ` the only thing i really believe in is family . ''
there was one thing i d promised to do when i got released and that was to have a good cup of coffee at the caf in gresham .
i had to laugh because we d all thought of the same thing holding our weapons at the ready and thank god mitch was nt here to see .
after a day of sedentary speculation only one thing seemed to fit .
but before she could say another thing he spoke again .
sure thing , but i make up music by how i feel .
do nt you find it odd for me to say such a thing ?
there is no such thing as good and evil for if you believe that then that is a truly childish delusion .
i could nt feel one thing as thousands were equally strong and just as demanding .
chapter 14 first thing in the morning waking up to a naked blonde bombshell felt wonderful .
she saw nothing except truth for she said nearly the same thing earlier .
that settles it , first thing in the morning we move on .
it proves no such thing , my dear young fellow !
for someone trying to apologize , you re kind of being a dick about the whole thing .
the wan na be marine thing ?
that s kind of a dick thing to say .
she could live with a few hours of pain before she died , as long as he promised one thing .
the only thing he ever said of the marriage to sals mother was that it made him nostalgic for his days as a political prisoner .
smith turned to look where joshua sat and as he did one thing became abundantly clear .
the place was the last thing they d expected and it was becoming increasingly more difficult for them to fathom .
wesson did nt know what he d said or why he got the feeling he d said the wrong thing but it was apparent he did .
there was another thing the man had said which wesson wanted a bit more explanation but was denied for the man abruptly turned away and before either detective could ask why he was leaving a voice boomed over their shoulder .
he did nt know what the thing was for the lining of the net obscured its body but he was positive of one thing ; whatever was caught was pretty darn big .
all those things ran through his mind in the fleeting instant he had before the thing decided to do the one thing johnny could not tolerate .
they were constantly saying one thing and then doing the exact opposite .
they had ten different points and all said the same thing ; the suspect was the bomber .
he had never actually given thought to how his life would finally terminate but he was confidant of one thing ; getting eaten by a shark had never arisen as an option .
johnny was seriously thinking the same thing .
so wesson placed his fingers on the digital keyboard and was about to enter the first thing which popped into his head when he heard something .
it was one thing to deliver a verdict , it was quite another to enforce the thing .
what last thing , mr . johnson ?
nat smiled because he d made the thing up on the spot .
i thought it seemed kind of a weird thing to say .
tim was nt sure how to respond to such an amazing assertion so he asked the first thing which popped into his head .
the world hushed for they were wondering the same thing .
plus you ve heard the joke , what s the last thing a drummer says in a band ?
danny shrugged , what is the last thing a drummer says ?
i d have told you the same thing six weeks ago .
that s a cool thing to say , raphael said noting the compliment he d heard from john .
our drummer believes the same thing about wealth and every other thing .
one more thing you should know , edward said .
raphael could nt think of another thing to say .
ze pictures look great and ze last thing she s written is a reminder , to dave at vanquar , sign this band quick .
even creepier , the first thing he said was ` ` i know you !
but not the things that had kept her awake , the last thing he had told her .
being widowed at eighteen does the same thing , anne chimed in knowingly .
i was going to ask you the same thing , she replied .
i was wondering the same thing , mary replied , putting nathaniels maps and navigation instruments into mr . thorpes desk .
i ve been wondering the same thing , mary admitted .
tears streamed down her face as she realized the last thing she had told her friend was a lie .
in dead women tell no tales , this is the last thing mary says to the officers before they are executed .
megan said almost the same thing at the same time .
all right the only thing bradley managed to say .
you always know the right thing to say or not say , he said eventually .
sorry , i did nt mean to offend you , it was a stupid thing to say .
just one more thing , love ; i do nt think you realize just who you are turning down .
i was just thinking the same thing about you .
any news from abroad was a welcome thing .
looking around , he saw that the other riders appeared to be experiencing the same thing .
you said no such thing , ryan responded .
and i guess the period thing applies too , huh ?
i was thinking the same thing , but i thought i hit my snarky quota for the day when i was bagging on twilight so i held back on trashing the clerk of broken dreams .
i was just thinking the same thing , said mimi .
that s , like , the most awesome thing i ve ever heard , she said , mouth full of food .
i swear that was like the sexiest thing i have ever heard , said morgan .
when my mom gets angry , she goes into super - asian mode and i ca nt understand a thing she says .
other than the facebook campaigns for us to get a reality show and host saturday night live , the best thing i ve read was a tweetand i am not lying when i tell you this , but it said that i do nt have an anus or genitals cause i ca nt waste time pooping or menstruating .
and even as much as i love my show , i told her that her opinion is the best thing i have ever heard from a girl .
if that whole thing at the restaurant was nt damning enough to my labels credibility , he s definitely gon na ruin me .
i was saying the same thing to my daughters the other day .
oh , my god , my sister said the same thing when i told her i was only compatible with aryans .
ill tell you the same thing i tell my daughters : do nt ever think your only worth to a man is sex .
does anyone really like king vitamin , or is it just one of those things where you eat it because its healthy ?
like , that was , like , totally the most saddest and most beautiful thing i ve ever heard .
the only thing i m gon na admit is that the menu thing was kinda cool , but i still have a weird feeling , and its not just from that nordic orgy that s about to happen at the table next to us .
ca nt you just tell me one thing about what its like down there ?
and if you believe in only one thing , believe in our love and that were always gon na be here for you .
and when you are ready to have a kidwhether that s now or laterwere gon na make sure he or she knows the exact same thing .
but i will admit , after hearing all the things my parents told me about the way they were treated by the japanese , having this ashinoyubi guy ingratiate himself to us the way he has is some pretty sweet payback .
so , lets get one thing established right now : i m only here for my little girl .
words just start comin out and then i say the wrong thing , and i m like oops ...
but then , i remembered that i got a thing in the mail about a re - opening , said morgan .
and she did say i make her laugh , but i do nt think that really means anything serious , cause if there s one thing i learned from my dads ordeal , its that just cause a lady says she likes you , it does nt mean she actually likes you in the way that you like her , especially if she s a stripper .
you do nt get to say a damn thing cause you know i ve been cheated on before , and you know how much it hurt me , and ill be damned to the seventh circle of hell if i m gon na stand here and let another man make a fool of me and my feelings again .
you do nt think that maybe i get pissed from every little thing that comes out of the mouth of that that ?
that is such a pseudo - feminist thing to say .
a comet meant just one thing ; no matter how vicious the winter had been , no matter how many lives had been taken by the savage cold , worse would follow ; much worse .
with her episiotomy wound throbbing , her head humming with codeine and elvis costello growling from the headphones around her neck , she said the first thing that came to mind .
she was n't about to jeopardise elvis 's one and only friend by saying the wrong thing .
' look laddie , there 's many a thing you do n't need to know right now .
they all said the same thing i could come out of it the next day , or , i might be a vegetable for life .
chapter 5 the first thing he said to me was , man , that must have hurt !
at least that s the closest thing i can compare it too .
and , i know that i m only thirteen and , i do nt look like james dean , but , let me get one thing straight i accelerate !
make sure she s taking her tablets and eating , that kind of thing .
his face says one thing , his voice another and his words something completely different .
i then asked maria to come in , and asked her what she remembered about ginger leaving , and all that she could remember was that teddy had told her to just go through jenny about anything , and that a couple of days later she had receive a call from scotland from mr strachan telling her the same thing .
lets get one thing straight right now , i had nothing to do with your disaster , i did show up last night , but was promptly thrown out again .
simon was home on one of his rare visits so he whisky watched whist we relocated temporarily into a local hotel i do nt think either of them had been happier in their lives , sorry that was an awful thing to say , but things really had deteriorated to that level .
undisclosed lottery win , left mega amounts of money in a will , ill - gotten gains , third party benefactor , and a few other equally plausible answers , but nothing concrete the only thing they all agreed on was that there must undoubtedly be a very large amount of untraceable cash available to them .
they were waiting for him as instructed and the first thing that franklin said was , have you got the envelopes ?
i could nt think of a thing to say !
it was what she most worried about and the thing that i convinced her would not happen .
i still love her more than ever , if such a thing were possible , but my love is as a different man , someone within himself , not able to fully demonstrate the feelings inside for fear of letting out things that are best kept in the dark .
i still love her more than ever , if such a thing were possible , but my love is as a different man , someone within himself , not able to fully demonstrate the feelings inside for fear of letting out things that are best kept in the dark .
tara paused for a while and i said , so , i wonder if these dreams were about the same thing that john told us ?
it is a strange thing to say , especially as she was supposedly in the room with him when he had the accident with the gun .
it took tara nearly an hour to tell me everything , mostly because i kept interrupting with endless questions and she would have to keep repeating things to keep her place in her narrative .
she will not say a thing to you , he said , for fear that they will find her and kill her .
katie looked surprised again that we had known about one thing and not the other , and instantly looked as if she regretted saying anything .
i agree with you totally , she said , reaching for taras hand , but there is one more thing you should know .
before i even had a chance to say a thing , tara spoke .
as she stirred , she turned her face towards me while at the same time opening her eyes and simply smiling the most beautiful and natural thing in the world .
` ` the second thing then . ''
it was the last thing i expected to hear .
that kind of thing he nodded .
one thing i was learning about luis was that he was moody .
this seemed an odd thing to say .
he wrung his hands together , then added , without that crystal , i would have been convinced , back then and up to this very day , that i had made the whole thing up !
yes , but its not the same thing .
well , i said , now that s about the truest thing i ve heard come out of this bunch .
yeah , willie said , i heard the whole thing .
the wisest thing a human can say is i do nt understand .
if there is one thing that life tells us it is that we never know what is going to come next , especially when we think we do .
we smoked in silence for a few minutes , both of us thinking the same thing .
freddy had said the same thing .
one thing i do nt understand , said dad .
how could they all believe the same thing , agree on everything ?
i do nt understand one thing , connor said .
only one thing ?
sure thing , my lady .
and there is one thing in particular '' i waited for clarification of this as confused as i had been since i first sat down .
what a stupid thing to say , i thought to myself .
bryony did nt think that was the right thing to have said , and janes reaction proved her right .
the fact that the illusion spell has been cancelled can only mean one thing : someone else is using the tome !
bryony was asking herself the same thing .
the only thing in the world that andrew wanted right then was to sleep .
the expression on all of the deformed ulthars ' faces said one thing : deepest loathing .
and that was the last thing that he ever said , as finor plunged a knife deep into his heart .
it all pointed to one thing : this was a creature that took cues from no one .
` ` this can only mean one thing , teltibane . ''
my father taught me many things about honor , loyalty , and that my word was my promise then on a day during the kyro season when i was fourteen , my father taught me the most important thing of all .
her eyebrow twitched again as she threatened , know one thing , ayann , you have brought this upon yourself .
the same thing i see in you .
one small , friendly goldfinch got frightened on hearing this heresy and said trembling , never say such a thing loudly my dear woodpecker .
woodpecker realized that if tired heron wrote such things then it is proof that only the most advanced birds on this dangerous , razor blade edge birds spiritual path can , after hundred thirty five years of birds sadhana , reach such a peak of birds integrity and realize that despite being continuously pecked by white eagle , with the intention to wake her up , was in the wrong place , amongst the wrong birds .
i was about to say the same thing to you , mike replied .
cady , i m going to tell you the same thing i told the chevy vega rusting in the downtown park .
another thing , said maggie .
i thought about the same thing myself .
one thing i learned from my father , said maggie , watching the cat and frank .
there s one thing you two keep forgetting , said the pastor .
when i said that we were digging to get more accurate historical research on the confederacy meant only one thing to those creeps .
the first thing cathy told me was that she had learned her lesson , that she would never go out that far again .
jake looked at frank , why would he say a thing like that , about scaring people ?
the kind of thing they write after a major hanging .
there s just one thing you should know .
pluck looked to the silver rings , remembering the last thing fairah told her .
you ve both experienced this and if i can guarantee you one thing its this ; others are looking for the book and the shield , just as you were .
the only thing mr . miller said when they awoke that afternoon was that everyones pack just got heavier .
his little face was flush and the first thing he said to her was , hello .
i wish i could say the same thing .
in a voice just above a whisper , and filled with grief the only thing she could say was , oh jacob .
that s close enough , jacob said , i ve got the same thing going on in my head , too .
i think the semantics of the whole thing confuses her .
if i was going home , i 'd get the same thing just before i went out the front door .
` ` mine says the same thing yours does .
but i can tell you one thing . ''
one thing more my love .
the only thing that i ask is that you do n't get overtired or stressed out about it . ''
do nt give me credit for bravery too fast because i never believed the whole thing anyway .
i m not going to tell you that everything is going to be alright because we ve been friends far too long for me to tell you something i do nt know at this point , but i will tell you one thing i do know , and that is ill be here for you ; now and always .
sarah raised an eyebrow as from what she could remember from the readings her dad had given her , arab silver was highly coveted all over the viking world and she was pretty sure that if the shoe was on the other foot , so to speak , the kurlanders would be saying the same thing .
she knew it was a bit of a random question and the look on haralds face said the same thing .
elizabeth had heard the whole thing , both sides of the conversation , and she had questions but saved them .
he will promise no such thing , nehemiah asserted , walking into the room .
do nt even think such a thing .
demetrius was shocked his father would even think such a thing .
as a parent , ramah cleared his throat , its not the type of thing you like to hear , but i see your point .
sudlin would know the perfect thing to say .
oraden turned in circles , confused ; he was sure of one thing : they were several hundred meters from where they had been .
there is one more thing you should know , morrison .
next thing you are going to tell me is that you like to drink beer and arm wrestle with the guys .
that is the nicest thing you have said to me all day !
jack , if that is the worst thing you ever say about me , we are going to get along just fine , jills mom replied .
why jack , that is the nicest thing you have said to me in a long time .
jack , can i say just one more thing ?
they tell you one thing and then they do just the opposite .
if i made the whole thing up in my head , why am i here ?
matthew was thinking the exact same thing as he regarded the thing in the box .
he thought it an odd thing for bax to say , since they we 're going of their own free will , and that , work or not , being part of a circus had to fun .
after mama died , stewart became the closest thing i had to a family .
the cowboy then uttered the most unexpected thing .
it ai n't like you writ the dern thing now , is it ? ''
matthew wondered the same thing as he laid the carpetbag upon the bedspread .
believe me , amigos ; it is nothing short of hell on earth , a sun - blasted furnace where only one thing is a certainty .
though he had told his parents one thing he really had no intentions of being back before noon time .
brad looked at his partner in agreement since without a word passing between them , and regardless of their kidding about house cats and no raccoons in the tree , they were thinking the same thing .
lovefools soundtrack : # 1 prolog # 2 ring of fire # 3 you would nt like me # 4 words and thoughts # 5 just my imagination # 6 cosy in my mind # 7 whisper of a thrill # 8 today has been ok # 9 what you re waiting for # 10 tell me now what you see # 11 it is all coming back to me # 12 ten feet off the ground # 13 frozen # 14 stay another day # 15 one , two , step # 16 the lady is a tramp # 17 sparkle me # 18 whatever gets you through the day # 19 everything but the girl # 20 my way # 21 and then i met him # 22 4 minutes # 23 drive my car # 24 i have a feeling # 25 damaged # 26 my girl # 27 breaking the habbit # 28 meet me halfaway # 29 the winner takes it all # 30 a promise kept # 31 unable to stay , unwilling to leave # 32 gloria victis # 33 numb # 34 green finch and linnet bird # 35 sleepless # 36 come what may # 37 breakfast at tiffany # 38 me and my monkey # 39 do nt bother # 40 iris # 41 where does the good go # 42 lovely day # 43 feel # 44 ca nt help falling in love # 45 city calls you # 46 under the waves # 47 man for all seasons # 48 mean man # 49 children of the revolution # 50 thunder # 51 memories # 52 take away the words # 52 live and learn # 53 man in the mirror # 54 i have nothing # 55 let me suffer in silence # 56 the girl with the sun in her hair # 57 bleeding in love # 58 shape of my heart # 59 breath ( 2 am ) # 60 tremble for my love # 61 say it right # 62 beyond the sea # 63 all the small things # 64 all the good things ( come to an end ) # 65 wallpaper # 66 the first cut is the deepest # 67 piano theme # 68 hawaiian roller coaster # 69 suspicious minds # 70 angels # 71 faithful # 72 could it be magic # 73 cheek to cheek # 74 the legend spreads # 75 son of a preachers man # 76 ca nt help myself # 77 hourglass glued to a table # 78 hands of time # 79 every you and every me # 80 cold - play # 81 worlds apart # 82 bitter sweet symphony # 83 downtown # 84 hang over # 85 dead and gone # 86 the professional gun # 87 ostanus day # 88 with sword and fire # 89 never forget # 90 ( i can feel your ) halo # 91 how to safe a life # 92 love will come through # 1 prologue this situation made me furious , disappointed , it took myself to my limits and still i am remaining politically correct and diplomatic as always .
the wound he stitched tonight was a scary thing : deep and sharp .
the only thing she could ask him now was this one specific question : -and what will happen with you , when i follow your recommended option ?
one thing he was sure about : it was harder than he thought .
you have already seen so much and you doubt about this one thing ?
-one of our wisemen keeps saying the same thing .
the only thing he could say now was : -i loved you first !
the only thing she was sure about was that she loved julian unconditionally .
ashley , terri chided , that s a terrible thing to say .
maybe i should learn a thing or two about fighting before i come back and try to help someone else .
its a nice thing to say .
its the right thing to say .
that s a sad thing to say .
and another guy gave a quarter back to the supervisor , pocketed the other quarter , and proceeded to walk away with the newspaper mumbling , it do nt mean a thing if it ai nt got that swang .
the first thing heard out of sherries mouth is , well i say tough titties little kitty , because the cow ran out of milk .
but just promise me one thing ?
just let me say one more thing , here , gerry said , leaning back , keeping his focus to the road ahead .
was the only appropriate thing left to say .
leave it to onyx to focus on the least important thing shed said .
well , i tried to talk to her after she gave me permission to numb the pain but she stubbornly refused to tell me even one thing .
before she could say a thing , he bent down and kissed her .
and before i could do or say a thing , safi , your own son , master consul , asked her if the sun fruit was to her liking .
` ` i thought the same thing , already done . ''
i 'll tell you one thing , jean forbes husband has an alias and is tied up in this somehow .
` ` shut up gypsy , last thing i said to him was i would never contact him again unless it was of the utmost importance .
` ` phew ... . the bastards did they ... ... . '' ` ` some thing you just do n't need to know and i ' m damn sure i ' m not going to tell you .
` ` good grief , what an extraordinary thing for an american to say . ''
ravan was astounded to hear her say such a thing .
do nt say such a thing !
shed said , on a few occasions , that she loved her father or her mothermostly when promptedbut nearly never had she said such a thing to risen .
then why do you say such a thing ?
risen had nt worn his robes to indicate such a thing .
why would you say such a thing , risen exclaimed under his breath , rebuking clovis when the englishman was beyond hearing .
i would not remember such a thing .
it was then that he murmured beautiful things to her , reminded her of how lovely the little white flowers that covered the meadow by her house would be just about now .
who told you such a thing ?
tells us one thing , though .
the second thing we were afraid of was enough of them would get into the house and swarm what was left of the stairs , to form a pile which could reach up to the second floor .
i do n't often have the pleasure of bumping into day - walkers as mouthwatering as you , '' i purred , leaning into him , getting a waft strong enough to only mean one thing .
i 'd never met a vampire like him before , which was probably the same thing he was thinking about me .
like any addict , that could only mean one thing i was in serious trouble .
evan barked , like it was the most ridiculous thing he 'd ever heard , as he jumped back up to his feet , stepping towards alec .
whatever it was , it was the last thing that driver ever said , as a firestorm of bullets smashed through the windshield and silenced him forever .
i wonder if it thinks the same thing about me .
sure thing , honey !
the situation may be more dangerous than we thought i m thinking the same thing , said tommy and they headed off for the hotel at top speed .
yes , i was thinking the same thing .
in her nakedness , she hears the very , very last thing the deepest part of her soul oh so yearns for , but never ever expects to hear .
he informs cass , oh , the other box says the same thing .
cass stands there sliding his his face side to side while saying the only thing he can say .
this was the wrong thing to say , as anyone from mexico would know .
recalling the woman on the cliff , he knew that hawk would nt be joking about such a thing .
francisco felt certain that every one of them was wondering the same thing what in the name of the virgin mary were they doing here !
that is a very profound thing to say , seor hank !
if there s one thing i ve learned about you , william travis , it is that you are about as bull - headed a man as lives on this earth !
you got that right , tommy , crockett put in , adding philosophically , but i tell you what , if somebody writes me an epitaph , and i ai nt sayin they will , they sure will say one thing about me that i went down fightin hard .
still , he had continued to study when the opportunity arose , and one thing he had repeatedly read was that war was always accompanied by military blunders .
i looked up at him , but the only thing i could get out was a waterfall of tears .
i realize that i said the wrong thing .
that is the one thing that i do know .
bunch of bloody idiots who do n't know the first thing about radio etiquette . ''
they were both thinking of the same thing .
and another thing : without communication we ca n't function .
` ` sure thing , '' anton tried an exaggerated casual drawl .
it was the only thing that explained the strangers disappearance .
same thing , spike muttered .
` ` for one thing , i ' m not leaving you .
` ` the one thing i can see wrong in the world right now is that you are not my wife .
the castle of the black kingdom loomed over us like an overprotective mother bear , and i knew one thing for sure .
i heard a horrible thing about this nina polchinski from our officers .
not many would say such a thing to my face .
she asked , realizing the whole thing was code .
i had never been called such a thing .
you need to know one thing , hiro , said geicko as if pleading for hiro to listen .
i asked slowly and softly , like i was nt supposed to say such a thing but i was being realistic .
but like wendy said , there s lots of information availableyou might even have picked some of it up in school , heaven forbidand your subconscious mind could have made the whole thing up .
sure thing , ross , the foreman said .
its such a horrible thing that you do nt even want to be reminded , you do nt want to hear about it or think about it , but its exactly because its so awful that we have to remind ourselves .
i would think if it were the last thing i wrote to you that it would have a lot of bearing .
pat always said the same thing : the sibling will come in the goddess time , not yours or mine .
as soon as sharon turned away from the stove , julie realized that she had said the wrong thing .
it was nt like she needed one more thing to weigh her down .
the thing that hit her brain now was the way he had been taken from her .
kims voice was the loudest thing she had ever heard , but it swiftly faded into nothingness as matt rammed her onto her back .
for a fleeting second , ethan wondered if he d said the absolute wrong thing .
ethan had said the wrong thing .
not wanting one more thing forced down her throat , julie took the glass and drank of her own volition .
he s been saying the same thing .
` ` oh one thing , '' he said offhandedly .
there 's no such thing , '' she hissed .
after all , it was n't the sort of thing he 'd want people saying about his girlfriend .
it was an odd thing to say considering j - man was n't going anywhere .
yeah , we are saying the exact same thing , said michel .
well , i guess it is mostly about the thing alvin taught them .
finally the great spirit tried one more thing , i shall put on a curse so that whatever touches you , meaning to cause you harm , will much regret it and will never forget it .
no such thing !
no , i have said no such thing !
you could swallow yourself for one thing , rea snapped .
one thing i can tell you that is true for sure , is that they are fierce fighters .
sure thing , she said as she backed away then turned and headed toward the kitchen .
from their expressions , it was clear they had heard the same thing .
james thought of the last thing he had said to miko , find someplace to hide , ill find you .
the last thing i told him was , find a place to hide , ill find you .
coming close , he said the only thing he could , i m sorry mother , and then gave her an embrace .
apparently that was the wrong thing to say for her expression darkened and her brows knitted together .
riyan glanced at bart and could see that he was thinking the same thing he was .
there is only one thing about this that i do nt understand , reneeke said .
sure thing , he replied .
as if they were thinking the same thing , charka said , accessing the next area must have something to do with the face .
the two boys had heard a lot of things and had certainly not understood them all , but of one thing tom was sure , there was no way home unless they did what the badger asked of them .
tom smiled , but it occurred to him that this was not really the sort of thing he would have expected to hear from jack .
the only thing ira had ever said to him was ' enjoy your childhood , tom , make the most of it .
` ` but one thing i do believe is that truth ca nt be hidden away forever .
that s one thing you have learnt by now i m certain .
but worse even than that , most terrible of all , was that both of them believed without question that whatever , or whoever , might be out there , one thing was not in doubt .
cut in tom , saying the first thing he could think of and all he got for his trouble was a startled look from jack and an odd one from dr . watson , who shook his head as if baffled .
but through all of it , there 's only one thing that i ' ve learnt for certain . ''
actually the first thing i wanted to say when we met again was to say thank you .
the last thing the last thing oh !
the last thing the last thing oh !
sure thing , handsome .
he said the first thing that popped into his head .
i realize that s a strange thing for a marine officer to say but its true .
there is one thing that i want to make perfectly clear .
i m sure it did nt mean the same thing back then , he said sheepishly then just looked at the page for a while finally looking back up at natasha .
natasha thought the same thing and they smiled at each other , barely containing a laugh .
fortunately , he was correct that it did nt mean the same thing in this day and age .
clearly there are things out there that we do n't know about , but i can tell you one thing , its picked the wrong village to mess with .
there s one last thing that i need to tell you .
ok . let me tell you a few things , although its been a long time since i ve managed to enter a realm , some realms feel like earth , you know , trees and grass , with buildings and people .
i need to tell you one more shocking thing , and this may really surprise you .
promise me one thing though , you have to look out for me and remember that i m only fourteen !
i m showing you the ropes , but lets get one thing clear , i do n't know you , not well enough to get my face rearranged because i m sticking up for you ok ?
the only thing i can say their language is not used anywhere on earth , that i know of !
they were all thinking the same thing why ca nt we ever get a break ?
the thing in question was a big boil that looked like he was growing a new head on the back of his neck .
that had to be the most amazing thing i d ever heard .
the one thing al and i agreed on was that we needed alcohol , even if we did nt know why .
unfortunately there s still one more thing i ve not told you .
my mum knows that if she says the wrong thing it can implicate her in court , so she just gives my dad a proper dirty look and storms off .
it was the first thing i d heard al say since we pulled away .
fuck knows what it was though , i was nt even sure if the stella was for me , it was only the fact that it seemed such a familiar thing to say in this situation .
that s the most perfect thing i ve ever heard .
were all taught that same thing , but seeing with my own eyes what happens when chemicals are added to our brains made me believe it .
he leaped up on top of the long desk and stood facing his now monstrous english teacher ... and thought of the just the right thing to say to her : how s this for fictional literature ?
all my life i had been told one thing and now i was being told something completely different .
knowing moms difficulties with rationality and reality it was the only thing that made sense .
kid , one thing i ca nt grasp .
a sassy thing , her tail and beak pointing into the air gave her body a c shape .
the last thing he mentioned was that jim had never looked into his eyes .
always liked you , jim , but the eyes say one thing , while the body says another , not to mention the times i caught you ogling young teen and pre - teenage girls .
it just seemed like the appropriate thing to say in the poor mans last second .
he s no such thing , mom .
they do nt mean the same thing .
friend , he pointed out to them and they nodded , though the persian had no such thing in mind when they tried to untie him .
the dumbest thing i ve ever heard you say , nora , matthew finally berated her , but as if it really heard her suggestion , the fire suddenly died out .
that must mean only one thing .
so sorry , she stammered , realizing he could have equally remembered the whole thing like leonard if the book had allowed it .
` ` mmm , i have seen your father struggle with the same thing . ''
` ` i ' m not suggesting any such thing , i ' m informing you and confirming . ''
` ` it 's the only thing you understand , in fact it 's the only thing i understand and that gentlemen is why we 're here .
you forgot one thing rego said .
i do remember at least one thing you taught me , which is that king alfred himself wanted history to be written in english , so more people could understand it !
been a long day , lets have a drink , then jimmy a. says the wrong thing about jimmy b. and the next thing you know jimmys friends does nt matter which are venting their frustrations .
gandy had learned not to say the first thing that came to him , often not the first three .
and peter was half sure , if he opened his mouth , he would blurt out some dirt dumb thing like : well , yes , gov was doing so well we committed two acts of breaking and entering followed by petty larceny .
they said things like its complicated and the age old favorite its not my place .
i asked him the selfsame thing not ten minutes ago .
now you take all that , add it up , and it comes to only one thing : you ve been round the riverbank .
what it was , in truth , was about the dumbest thing anyone in custody could ever say .
bigger menn themve said the same thing .
there was one thing gideon could say with complete honesty that would be believed with complete conviction .
ifn them men were , or ifn they were nt , tarlstons do nt matter none , gideon said , as if enumerating the most reasonable thing in the world .
the only thing that came to mind were the many advantages of not getting caught .
even when pushed , gideon had never heard him say a single profane thing .
first thing that comes to mind .
that s not the same thing .
the only thing that survived was his promise to hunt down every last man who had anything to do with sebs death .
i even tried to say nice things to her , about her skin smelling like flowers , her hair as smooth as water .
i love you , he would try to say at times , or some such thing , but she would pooh - pooh his approaches as empty wish - words of little meaning and value .
the whole family broke into laughter at such a little thing .
they chewed over the whole thing again .
chaiko suspected how easily it flowed with so many rehearsals , and snapped , do nt tell me the same thing you told me earlier or yesterday , tell me something different !
but this time i do not want you to think about it but say the first thing that comes into your head .
but there was at least one thing they did , that no one else did , and that one thing kept them safe all these years .
please heat more stones , chaiko told dawn , and we need some fire in here for light or some such thing .
let the wood tell you these things .
he did it for me ... fire - a - flame looked from one to the other , open mouthed , not understanding a thing .
saying exactly the wrong thing under the circumstances .
chaiko wondered what made him say such a thing , too shocked to remonstrate with himself .
he turns to leave , hto following promptly behind , and only looks back at the beast - folk to say one last thing : yeah , and stop punching people in the face , that 's my job , he says , causing a sweet industrial da dun , da duuuuun accompaniment from the unseen subspace orchestra .
is the last thing that mr . honkers says for the next several minutes .
sisy smirks ; mr . honkers may know a thing or two , but he s still a serious baby to actually hunt down comfortable places to sleep .
yeah , sure , is the last thing udgd says as he storms up the stairs with strained breaths .
udgd nods sarcastically , hearing the whole thing before , and turns back to the trap .
the man , or perhaps better - stated the thing , standing below them is high overlord chaos , the # 1 wanted being in all the omniverse with a bounty on his head large enough to buy one his or her own dimension and then - some , along with the reward of being regarded as the strongest , greatest , most honored person alive .
the thing you wanted ?
and if there s one thing i ve learned its that people everywhere are the same .
every resource says the same thing .
why would i ever wish such a thing ?
it was the only thing she could let slip her lips .
funny , he said the same thing about you .
errol was surprised to hear another voice saying the same exact thing .
the old woman recited this in front of errol like she was designed to say the same thing over and over to attract customers .
one useful thing the travellers were able to tell them was that the cheyenne troubles were over , and that the settlers , no longer held up , were flooding in greater numbers than ever along both branches of the santa fe trail .
ai nt no such thing , ezzard .
my daddy told me the same thing to learn about life and learn to be honest , friendly , nice , smart , kind , gentle , pretty , respect these are good traits for a southern belle and a southern rouge , he pulls the cigar from the jacket pocket .
pfft , what a pansy thing to say .
sure thing , little one .
really , there was only one thing left for her to say to the old fox .
now , i know one thing : we can not play against this vagrant preacher .
their thoughts and deeds speak for the only thing : not only they are not his followers , but enemies .
the only thing you right on is that we must get ready , the seer said .
i got ta tell one more thing .
kennys the only person i know who can translate whatever this thing is .
i was going to ask you the same thing but keep the guys on alert will you tank ?
he held on and squeezed even tighter , unable to say a thing .
all the while , there was one thing running through his mind : like mowgli found his home , i too will find mine .
also the last thing each day before going to bed .
i do nt care what kind of work you do , even in some hyper - creative , artsy , free - wheeling , wild ass - slapping job you may take , if its in an office building , if you have the same desk you have to sit at every hour of every day , and if you see and hear the same people in the same places saying the same things every day , you will find your soul slowly shrinks down to a dried , hard , little stone .
the only thing that made sense , that felt right .
and you should remember one thing .
but the remembrance of the sudden bomb going off this morning on the phone , a confirmation of my fears over the weeks that the one thing i was grasping to for happiness , this love i thought i had , was not what i thought it was , that remembrance suddenly drove me rebelliously into the decision to immediately move to montana again , with new conviction .
i read over the whole thing before filling it out .
one thing i was sure of , was that my story sounded too vague ; a suspect would be that vague , that incomplete .
you re out of line saying it , and you do nt know the first thing about being a ranger , but but you re more right than you re wrong .
he had the right kind of voice , i figured , for this kind of thing gritty and harsh .
sky found alia in the woods , thunderbird told me it was the only thing helpful he did tell me .
i nodded , just thinking of how ronnie kept saying the exact same thing .
well , there s one thing you may have wrong , thunderbird , i said , as i resumed walking next to him , i was nt the last one with her before she died the person who killed her was .
i had him tell me the whole thing .
not like bogan , tomakon broke in , surprising chaiko who was thinking the very same thing .
they say one thing but mean another .
traditions are good , chaiko repeated automatically , then blushed as he caught himself saying such a trite thing .
ooh , that s the nicest thing anyones said to me all day .
jon wanted to know the same thing , but the man was not very detailed in his reply .
tell ya one thing , though , he said and wiped the back of his head with his sleeve , jerrod teaches you boys well .
we walked beside each other for a half a mile and none of us said a thing .
we kept going for a while without saying a thing .
in my dilemma , the only thing that came to mind was these words courage is power .
i guess this is one thing we can both agree on .
i could say the same thing about you , besides his brute strength and power could come in handy later down the road , i replied dashe quickly .
looking around , i would say the same thing for all these women , they were all pretty .
never a good thing ever came out of his mouth .
it was the last thing my other personality said before he disappeared .
i seriously hope not , it was the last thing i wanted to hear at the moment .
i could say the same thing for dashe , although i had no idea why he looked irritated right now .
i know one clear thing for sure , its not only meteors he can bring forth , but other more frightening forces of nature when you think about it .
it had nt come out the way i wanted , although it was the only thing i could come up with under pressure .
he had revealed my deepest fear , the one thing i dreaded the most .
good guess , i was also thinking the same thing .
tell me one thing old man , i sighed heavily struggling to stay on my feet .
ken taught me one thing , dashe spoke looking in the sky with eyes filled with questions .
tye said the same thing too before he was taken away .
it was unnecessary thing to say , but then again he was an iyenkan after all .
keeping promises is such a thing , he reveals , clearly having heard the end of the argument with cale .
tony laughed the whole thing off .
he told me the same thing last night , and i told him to leave .
and besides he would n't know the first thing about cursing somebody . ''
` ` then he told you the wrong thing .
and that it could mean only one thing - '' ` ` what , tony ?
` ` excuse me for living - but i ' ve never heard such a thing before . ''
breedlove looked appalled and then slightly befuddled as she tried to remember such a thing .
the pair went quiet for a moment , both thinking the same thing .
bet you ca nt wait to get back to them , remarked billy , doing his utmost to say the right thing .
his english was nt all that good and i thought , one damn thing after another when he looked at me and asked , horse , what is horse .
wish i could say the same thing .
she attempted a smile even though the whole ` ` jemima thing was wearing thin .
one other thing , frank .
sure thing , frank .
i could ditch the crystal first , they ca nt prove a thing , paul stated .
it was one thing listening to the magur telling him these things but quite another seeing and experiencing them himself .
when i first saw her this close , the only thing i could think to say was holy shit .
he knew she could tell exactly what he was thinking , and , what s more , that she was thinking exactly the same thing .
and you re wrong about one other thing , zach , he added .
it was just as inconceivable that such a thing could have been kept from him .
if they could not , then the last thing they would all surely think as they slowly froze to death and ran out of oxygen would be that they should have simply let themselves be killed by the relatively painless collision with the comet .
i was just thinking the same thing , replied the admiral .
` ` tj , '' he began , slipping his arm around her waist and whispering in her ear , ` ` there is time to explain one thing .
my wife says the same thing and you d better not tell anyone .
if everyone is saying the same thing , she said calmly , we ca nt all be wrong .
and one more thing ... , said justin .
she always seemed to know just the right thing to say to endear people to her .
if there is one thing i know , lunch with you will be the brightest point to my day .
nemesis had learned from general lee that there was no such thing as a sure thing .
can you say that one thing you say to hogan ?
deep in the recesses of her mind she knew that marla was not being friendly for nothing , just as jesus might have felt the same thing .
im going to say this last thing and then we should drop it , lena .
as she brushed past him he whispered one last thing , and for the love of god , close your eyes tight .
do not say such a thing .
i know one thing is true of all of us .
and let me make one thing perfectly clear .
ai nt it the strangest thing you ever heard ?
rolce wondered the same thing , but did nt want to sound dumb .
i do nt remember a damn thing .
gisbo and rolce stood looking at each other each saying the same thing with their eyes : how could we be so stupid ?
i just , i dunno , it was an awkward thing to ask , gisbo said , rubbing the back of his head .
rolces expression said the same thing gisbo was wondering .
lets go look around and see whether we can do something that will make this interesting enough to be worth the pain he s feeling as he sits up to type this ridiculous thing . ''
jim saw right away what it was and blurted out the wrong thing ` ` a roaring butler ! ''
they would have all told you the same thing . ''
` ` then make something interesting happen , '' jack told him , ` ` you re the one writing this stupid thing . ''
` ` that is the first thing that you ve said that has made sense to me yet , '' jack nodded , watching jim kick a mooks balls up through his teeth , ` ` i applaud your sense of story . ''
sagas eyes widened as he remembered his fight with jin , when he had said the same thing to him .
he has nt told me a damn thing !
the only thing he really told me was that i was nt ready , and then we fought .
if i could pass along one thing to him , it would be to follow his heart and act in ways which make him feel alive .
the only thing the king said was the baron , who had been sending so much money and wands these past few years , had another gift .
that is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me .
but he wanted that to be the last thing his enemies heard before dying .
` ` she 'll live , '' was the first thing bear told him , ` ` but she 's burned up bad . ''
beautiful was -- honestly -- not the first thing that came to mind .
that 's not a very nice thing to say .
` ` oooh , do n't even think such a thing .
` ` why not just write the whole damn thing in c ?
one thing ma people knows , ' stinctively .
wreck one thing i made with something else ?
that s a stereotypical thing to say , is nt it ?
was the only thing i could get , since the puppetmaster locked down the shooting range .
that s such a weird thing to say , jer .
his scarf was pulled over faceshowing only his vicious eyes which told me one thing .
i was actually thinking the same thing .
i thought that was a fantastic thing to say .
i said the first thing that came to my mind - ` ` riddle '' - and it was a riddle .
he just painted one thing , really : the sea and the sky , or the land and the sky a horizon with maybe a rock in the middle .
the first thing he asked was , ` ` does the band need a drummer ? ''
thousands of people think the same thing . ''
but its the only thing that makes sense .
same thing we are , joff said as he sheathed his sword .
that is possibly the most awkward thing you could have said just then .
and the whole thing about those gnats .
master george had one final thing to say , though , whispering in tick 's ear .
tick read through the whole thing , then sat back in his chair , racking his brain .
` ` yeah , i thought the same thing , '' tick said .
` ` that 's a big risk on your part , it is , '' mothball said , the most accusatory thing sato had ever heard her say to george .
that 's the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
and now that all of this is out , i can tell you one more thing .
` ` tick says no such thing ! ''
his ... loss has put us on edge , and i do n't believe we ' ve said one nice thing to each other since he disappeared .
the only thing he trusted was his instinct .
then again , paul thought it was the dumbest thing he 'd ever heard come out of george 's mouth anyway .
` ` but i ask only that you allow me to tell you one very important thing first . ''
lisa thought that was a strange thing to say and exchanged a confused look with her mom , who shrugged her shoulders slightly then spoke .
but when she spoke , her response was the last thing tick had expected to hear .
` ` first smart thing i ' ve heard yet , '' paul agreed .
true to his word , chu did n't say one thing or present one inquiry .
it 's about the most unfair thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
the realitant system kept saying that it was blocked , a thing that had obviously bewildered and bamboozled everyone listening .
i was thinking the same thing , said khavi , but these tunnels are its home .
i was reluctant to let khavi know i was thinking the same thing , so i just replaced it back in my backpack .
i felt such a thing .
yes , said melicandra , i was thinking the same thing .
that was the first thing i realised when i woke up and felt my knees and footclaws scraping along the stone floor .
it seemed a blunt and insensitive thing to say , but the word somehow lacked the potency and finality that it used to hold with me .
another thing i can teach you .
that was closest thing i had to a vision of heaven .
and i thought the ivy thing was just a name .
how dare you say such a thing to this innocent young girl ?
i know some would say that i m being paranoid , that this is a bad thing to say to my child , but its the truth , girl , and we ve all known some of those people .
candace said the same thing .
talia was the closest thing she had to a rival in her family .
he had to come up with something fast ; he either had to say something or step down , and he knew that he was not going to step down , not after he had just started , and so he decided to say the first thing that popped out of his head .
why did you say such a thing ?
he came back , year after year , and said pretty much the same thing , adding a few details as he spoke about his life to kala , all the while staring at the menhirs in the distance .
oaka , how can you say such a thing like that ?
but let me tell you one thing , geda , i wo nt let that boy be a stranger , she insisted .
i m always saying things thatshow me around somewhat is that place ?
that was the last thing he said before anna made her way out the door .
it was a useless thing to say ; she was tied to the chair .
there was only one thing she would want to hear .
not saying a thing .
that all meant one thing ; ashkan guards had just assaulted them .
he d known none of the guards would tell him a thing .
she then leapt to the top of the wall and said one last thing before she leapt away .
sure thing , ranma .
sure thing , sis .
was the first thing to pass through hassan 's lips .
daryas asked , not as incredulous as one ought to be when a friend says such a thing about his step - father .
that is one thing that i know for certain .
' my lord , ' cheft vilav said with amazement , ' how is it that you can say such a thing , when the legends and stories of the noras are teaming with such accounts ?
was the last thing lo said before he came .
lo if he would name one thing he knew to be true .
when she looked up at steve 's face , she could tell he was thinking the exact same thing she was .
lo felt his stomach flip because he 'd thought the same thing , a million times before .
said lo , knowing that 's the last thing he would lay on someone he really cared about .
there are things i must tell you now , to prepare -- song stopped abruptly as a flock of swallows suddenly burst out of the trees and into the air .
she had nt been expecting anyone to ask such a thing .
i ' m not telling you a thing , traitor .
i told bree the same thing .
she was waiting for me to say the wrong thing so she could jump down my throat .
it was probably the most ludicrous thing i could have said .
tom , things are getting quite ugly around here , some of the worst students are getting together and yelling very aggressive things , i am now going to your faculty , get everyone together and let 's leave this place as quickly and silently as possible .
` ` one can never be certain as information like this is tenuous and changing but it is the one thing that the people of this land would rally around .
tagan rolled his eyes as he said it , embarrassed he asked such a thing .
he could tell braulor was thinking the same thing he was .
` ` there was one more thing that meyu kwi told me . ''
alrei yqu had told him the same thing and with everything that had happened since he found out , that bit of information had been pushed to the back of his memory .
` ` alrei yqu told me the same thing .
i was thinking the same thing crenoah .
would they have been saying the same thing to me if i had tried harder to get them to help me , that things are never that bad , life always gets better ?
i went back to cleaning up the bookshelves ; unable to think of the right thing to say so i chose not to say anything .
i was wondering the same thing myself .
i knew right away i had said the wrong thing .
i m sure the sheriff just needs to hear that from you delilah , a formality type thing .
there 's just one other thing , but it 'll be a longer talk .
actually , i 'd say a grand thing .
` ` now , we can - '' ` ` there 's just one thing , ma'am , '' liadan interrupted , ` ` and it needs saying . ''
as i closed my eyes , turning off the tap , and settling down into the water , the last thing i wanted to hear filtered through the closed bathroom door .
this day was getting out of hand , and if i knew a thing or two about magic , i could understand where it was heading .
because she was going to say one thing ; the tower .
what a comforting thing to say .
the exact hue to the laden grey and blue clouds in the sky , the pace of the wind , and the general ambience of the air suggested one thing ; a downpour .
but as we looked at each other as she headed to the kitchen , one thing could not be doubted ; this day was only going to lead to a far worse night .
you do n't know the first thing about magical creatures , i pointed out as i waved my hands at him emphatically .
yet that was a remarkably perceptive thing for simple agent fairweather to point out .
it was a bolshie thing to say .
it was a suitably creepy thing to say , and the force of his voice as it boomed through the room seemed to rattle my bones .
i just heard the craziest thing he trailed off , no doubt noticing the painstaking detail with which she was eating a stale slice of cheese pizza .
why would you say such a thing ?
the best thing rhane could offer was a truth seasoned well with a relish of lies .
they d said the same thing about the boy on the soccer field .
the finality of rhanes tone had not escaped yorks notice , but he could nt resist saying one more thing .
i remember one time we were hanging out , probably skateboarding , and he was like , you know what s a funny thing to say ?
he was blown away at such a young age that a man , someones dad , would say such a thing .
all this meant one thing to grimey : monsters were attacking the town .
that 's the only thing that came to mind .
i heard the thing .
it is the same thing undine say when forcing their way into thick coral in an emergency , and it feels right to say it now .
serena blurts out the first thing that comes to mind .
for instance , the same word is used for the english words assume and conclude , because in south jefestan culture they normally mean pretty much the same thing .
i ve decided too many of the strine words mean the same thing .
why on earth did you say such a thing ?
they say things like sure as a dead dingo , amber nectar and do nt toss a tiger .
she said the strangest thing about never having seen the real larry in public .
he had never wondered such a thing before .
then he would have been able to answer all his questions , but if thal knew one thing , he knew to choose his pack carefully , and he did not want to look up to brother vito as his alpha .
you say same thing about budweis , carlo pointed out .
of course i do nt want to believe such a thing , vito clarified .
* * * * * * valentino returned to his suite after going out first thing in the morning to hear the gossip .
i tried not to look , to make it obvious , but the whole rare steak thing grossed me out big time .
i only wanted one thing the blood of my parents .
the only thing i could manage to squeak out was : help me .
well , heres the thing i went on to tell him about how karina had saved me , and how i was now a hybrid and was basically the vampires day - walking bitch in exchange for food , clothing , and shelter .
i know that is a terrible thing for me to say .
and he could not think of a single thing to say that would change any of it .
it would have been the ideal time , dasen realized , to say the things he d planned while he was tied to the tree in the forest masters camp .
it was one thing for him to say all those things here in the forest and another for him to do them when surrounded by the accusing eyes of strangers .
they were all thinking the same thing .
ill tell you the same thing i told him : if i die trying to improve the world , then i have died well .
nolan does nt have the imagination to make up such a thing .
i ve never heard such a thing .
garrett was realizing the same thing .
` ` i ca n't understand a thing they 're saying . ''
no one has ever asked such a thing . ''
` ` says the thing that brings chaos and destruction , '' nora retorted .
i like all kinds of music , but do n't know the first thing about it as an art form .
there 's no such thing ! ''
he had nt meant any disrespect , he was simply imagining his own mother saying such a thing .
when whisper turned , a hand on the thick , rusted metal lock , she spoke out with the only thing that came to mind .
she wanted to hear her daughter 's voice , saying sweet things .
it was pretty much the last thing i had ever expected to hear from her .
he stays just in sight , gliding , but i can tell the only thing that binds him to me is his loyalty to corvus .
ruby did not say a thing .
one thing he was certain of ; was that he would get his revenge on deidre .
they watched their queens helplessly , unable to say a thing .
if anyone deserves such a thing , i would think it would be you , she assured him .
he did nt know why that was the first thing that he wanted to know .
i am sure of one thing , she said after a moment .
tell me one thing more , good mother . ''
not an easy thing to copy , i d guess .
it did nt matter which woman it was , they all said the same thing .
i was hating the sea more every minute but that s not the kind of thing you say out loud while bobbing around in poseidons domain .
there was one thing i wanted to say ... you do know its just a bird , right ?
one thing only i knew .
i went on and told him the whole thing , exactly how i saw it .
it d be one more thing he d make me tell the stupid shrink .
by the accusing tone , i had a feeling he was nt the first to say such a horrible thing .
i have nt told ian a negative thing since the funeral .
if i knew one thing , it was he never lied to me .
no one had really spoken of it , and the only thing ailia had heard about the queens death was that her spirit would be cursed forever if she did nt receive a proper norse burial .
ailia was fuming on the inside , but did nt know what to say , so she just blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
who would be so gullible and believe such a thing ?
you mean your dream last night was about the exact thing i am telling you right now ?
though ailia did nt know much about the empress , she knew one thing for certain : she was no match for eiess .
one more thing the fortuneteller said .
standing there beside ivar in front of her mothers grave , another thing finally dawned on her .
ailia looked at soren and she could tell they were both thinking the same thing .
why would you say such a thing , if you did n't know what i am ? ''
about whether or not doris was in heaven , or if her spirit was still here , that kind of thing .
just stick to what we discussed , tell her the same thing you told the school principal .
there was no thing that christian uttered that artephius could not provide him with more of it to think on .
` ` look , i can get you the disease thing , if you really , really want it .
now he glanced at the photo of my mother , as if he were consulting with her on the next thing he was going to say .
and i had n't even told my housemates the most amazing thing .
` ` have you heard one single thing i ' ve said ?
still trying to figure out the right thing to say , i dug around in the kitchen cupboards , coming up with a pair of chamomile tea bags .
` ` the whole ' brothers in arms ' thing has a strange tone with the switch . ''
it was just one stupid thing that i said ! ''
that was practically the same thing that john had said to me .
he did n't even remember the first thing about metonight 's alcohol - filled chocolates had proved that .
you know , i ve always thought that the iv was the worst part of the whole being sick thing , howie pointed at alexs hand .
his neighbour had told the police this very thing .
it appeared the other passengers were thinking the same thing .
howie had told her the same thing .
because the next thing i remember is laying on the floor of the van , blindfolded , gagged and tied .
my tumbling coach said the same thing to me .
i could nt wait to learn how to ride it so i made my dad get up and take me out to teach me first thing in the morning .
one thing i was sure of , i would soon find out .
how can you be one of us and harbor such a thing ? ''
` ` one thing you should know , and i ' m sorry to have kept this from you .
the only thing alex remembered her grandmother saying about her mother was that she 'd disappeared when she was young and never returned .
they made a big deal of her having only one set of dna , the same thing the sinaia medical clinic told her .
` ` i want to get one thing straight , '' said alex .
here 's the other thing , and this is what i want you to know in case i do get into trouble .
` ` one thing i ' ve learned being in the world for over one hundred years is that failure is always an option and never as bleak as it seems .
you know , i was thinking the same thing .
and her discomfort evaporated for she knew one thing above all , one overriding truth in the entire realm ; hawkeyes aim was never false and always on target .
he hated deadaim , wished to see him boil in water with salt and vinegar to complement a meal with roasted elvin as the appetizer but he also knew one thing with absolute certainty ; deadaim did not miss .
success meant one thing , one outcome ; remain invisible or die in the attempt .
uh - huh , uh - huh , i was thinking the exact same thing !
toodrake was nt sure where the man was headed but he could tell one thing ; cutter always held something up his sleeve .
uh - huh , uh - huh , i was thinking the same thing !
yep , i was thinking the same thing .
but i believe you should know one thing .
uh - huh , uh - huh , i was thinking the same thing .
and one last thing , said the old man .
this is almost the same thing , only you ll be immortal and live forever because of the blood .
yeah , i kind of thought the same thing , too , i answered , also feeling relieved .
i quickly grabbed another one and it was the same thing .
shed been the recipient of many betrayals from others in her past , who d promised her one thing or another .
i might ask you the same thing , shardrin answered , ignoring the comment and stepping close to elec , smiling in the process .
but in this brief experience , terrifying though it was , we had learned one thing .
anyhow , we had demonstrated one thing , and that was that we could penetrate the cloud shield and reach the martians in their hiding place .
the one thing he was certain of , the one thing that was always a part of his lives , of all his memories , was the sword .
wherever he was , the rebirth of the hero meant one thing : that the cursed sword sonsedhor might again be within her grasp , or come within her grasp .
he stated one thing clearly , however , something i have listened to over and over on the recording of our conversation .
she had n't quite understood the last thing he said to the woman : ` ` if i have to kill someone today , let it be you .
she 'd talked to a handful of his colleagues , and they 'd all said the same thing about vale almost verbatim .
jenkins will never believe a thing i say in my defense .
her words said one thing but her tone let tamara know she 'd thought about it .
she wondered if the bulge in sams boxers was because he was thinking the same thing , or because she was standing almost nude before him .
i swear i felt him in my throat when he fu tamara said , but sam interrupted with the first thing that came to mind .
the man was the local innkeeper and he knew a thing or two about beasts ; he knew as well as the boy that this weary creature would never again tread the paths of the sky .
what would i have to do with such a thing ?
said michel placatingly , i would ask no such thing of you .
brin wondered the very same thing , for he seemed to have an innate ability with the weapon , though he had never handled a sword in his life .
kipril shook his head gravely , the same thing our ancestors hoped for : glory for themselves rather than seeking that of our master .
but , flora , be assured of one thing , and that is , of your own safety .
oh , do nt say such a thing , ken .
the one thing they did not have to concede .
that is an outrageous thing to say .
i ve wondered the same thing .
a rather odd and specific thing to say .
what about the fire from the fingertips thing ?
it struck me as an odd thing for her to say .
i recalled benny saying a similar thing , though i still did not understand what the term feed on your spirit meant .
the idea that there was no escape , that there was no resisting the assault on my body , was the most terrifying thing i had ever been faced with .
that s the kind of thing enforcers know .
i m not sure its the same thing , i muttered .
s. it is under my control , she confirmed , adding an edge to her voice , but i assure you of one thing , it is not under my control at no cost .
it was a ridiculous thing to say ; selena was as slim and attractive as ever .
i think i may have claimed the same thing about my drive to selenas after over - extending my spirit .
it was not clear what had been done to me , or the extent of it , but only one thing was certain ; i did not trust my grandmother any more than i trusted my mother .
it was the most obvious thing in the world .
yes , i replied , uncertain of how such a thing was possible .
the next thing i remember was being on the verge of consciousness , drifting off to dreamland , when a noise from somewhere in the apartment jolted me back to reality .
how could you ever question such a thing ?
which was unexpected , since the last thing i could recall prior to the hospital was being swallowed by insanity and dying i had given up , called it quits , and vanished into the heart of the dark depths of my own mind , a place that had terrified me to the very pit of my soul .
oh , there is one more thing you should know : damanta mallaithe has a dark history , and that history is responsible for its name .
the one thing he was sure of was that they would need hag heads help to get out of boggy marsh .
` ` sure thing write - a ... stay out of trouble . ''
ezequador gave up and drew his blade as he thought of the last thing his father told him , you re a man before you re a prince , people are going to be hard on you anyway .
then tell us the whole thing .
if i m poor i got ta worry about everything , which brings me to another stupid thing he said - do n't be troubled or worried ... how ?
then using chalk , she drew on slate the goblin glyphs that said the same thing .
krage says much the same thing when he arrives to observe the first smelting .
his subterfuge could be easily discovered if he says the wrong thing .
trak says the first thing that comes to his mind .
but that was before the highmark , and now the iron shortage , and the collapsing economy , and the raiders , and , oh , if my father knew what had become of things , he 'd certainly have a thing or two to say .
knowing one thing , however this all ends .
uwee grinned wickedly , laughing out loud , sometimes i think the same thing about you .
scream upon other unplaced screams , he could only think one thing beyond the house of horrors , this needs to stop !
he was sure of one thing , the fairies did nt intend to help him .
he stared at the leaves moving back and forth , but it was as if he did nt see , and could only think one thing , its no use .
throughout all the pain his mind could think of only one thing , we are dead !
hadge was thinking the same thing .
first thing that came to mind was the vine - like creature out there waiting , could that be why churl ca nt go , could he be afraid .
he could only be sure of one thing they were somewhere out there among the sea of people , all crying , clinging to anything they possibly could hold onto .
but he had wondered the same horrible thing .
after walking what seemed a day , reybes stomach began to grumble , sounding crabby , i m hungry hadge thought the same thing , as he joined in , me too .
hadge sadly looked down upon the terrifyingly beautiful book , and could only think one thing , we are all just another page in the war between good and evil .
will you promise me one thing , hepteidon ?
but one thing i can tell you is that you do sound different .
2 ) al , recall st . paul 's words - ` now i plead with ye , brethren , by the name of our lord jesus christ , that ye all speak the same thing , that there be no divisions among ye . '
as st . paul told us - ` now i plead with ye , brethren , by the name of our lord jesus christ , that ye all speak the same thing , that there be no divisions among ye - i cor .
he had nt expected such a thing .
promise me one thing , then .
she spoke , hearing macconnachs voice at the same time as her own , saying much the same thing .
kind of a dick thing to say , bro , charles muttered .
my whole world was topsy - turvy , but one thing was clear .
what a horrible thing to say !
the only thing he knew with certainty was that she could not die .
she had sung a song to herself , and kneeled in the garden at the side of the house , and dreamed of things she could not remember now .
this new girl with leonard could only mean one thing that she was ready to meet him now .
{ now anguis , do you remember the whole thing ? }
being a lumberjack , he had seen thousands of different types of trees and these were no such thing .
that s the best thing you can come up with to say ?
i have to tell you one last thing , luka , before i go her breath rattled in her tightening throat , trying to fight back the tears .
amiras insistence that katin come along as her maid had been the sweetest thing shed ever heard .
everyone knew stories of some ale - soaked valo who had said the wrong thing to a duke , and later regretted it .
tell me one thing , anything , that you learned about her today , that you did nt already know .
dardan looked alarmed , as if he might have said the wrong thing .
i presume no such thing .
he asked dardan and liam the same thing , but of course they had no clue what he was talking about .
on the contrary , it is quite a nice thing to say .
nono such thing is true , mlady .
telling him about amiras power was one thing , but this he must have seen the desperation in her face , for he took her hands in his again and leaned in .
so they used liams family name instead , which was the first thing that had come to dardans mind .
actually , i d thought no such thing , he said evenly .
razh caught amiras eye , and she wondered if he was thinking the same thing : lord chyros fears no poison from us .
i asked the same thing of count razh .
the only thing i ve managed to find out is that he s adopted , marcus is his foster brother , and that he shares ownership of lumire with six other people .
you see , i thought the same thing at first , then i realized that you , miss conners , have been treated with the utmost respect .
not the strangest thing i d ever heard .
i thought and thought but i could only remember one thing .
that man confirmed one thing .
whatever happened to him might just be the same thing that happened to me .
and the first thing i can remember is standing on a cliff .
after meeting so many people who did nt believe a thing i said it was nice to have somebody who remembered me .
neither of us could remember staying at a hotel , but it was probably just one more thing that we forgot .
i remembered the wizard saying that same thing to me .
it 'd been the only thing anyone really agreed on .
he smiled gently and i knew there was at least one thing we both wanted .
i looked at my cast , admiring the sweet and somewhat lewd things people had written on it .
she felt stupid for even saying such a thing , but how else could she phrase it .
one thing at least she had received and she kept it in close to her .
the truth , was the only thing she could come out with .
` ` i could still teach you a thing or two about meeting girls . ''
yet , i am sure of this one thing .
what david uttered next would be the last thing that goliath would hear upon this earth !
the last thing he told me was that mother believed that the necklace would someday come to have great meaning to you ; that god had spoken it to her and though she did n't know the reason , you were to have it and that it would someday guide you in the right way !
after killing the giant at elah , the king had only good things to say about david and took the youth into the palace and gave him a place at his own table .
yet , after the men quieted somewhat , he spoke one more thing in his powerful resounding voice .
by all the strength which the lord god gives , if need be , i will pour out my last drops of blood in the effort to proclaim to all the enemies of the hebrew people this one thing !
at the same time he also knew the young man might be guessing such a thing to gain an audience .
it was a foolish thing to have uttered and , just as it left his lips he knew it , but his mind seemed so confused as to what this strange occurrence was .
he was having trouble knowing just what was a proper thing to say !
` ` may i please ask you one more thing ?
` ` there is one more thing that i must tell you .
` ` i can not tell you this thing , for the king must be tested .
and i have one more thing to say to you . ''
` ` please tell me this one thing , did you know that i watched you as you bathed upon the roof this evening ! ''
one thing absalom was sure of , that he was , in the eyes of the people , perfectly justified in avenging his sister 's character .
even now a mighty and heinous plan is taking shape which will , hopefully , eliminate him forever '' ` ` one more thing i wish to say in conclusion .
just as the king and his men were turning to leave the great table it was solomon that spoke one last thing as he reached out his hand toward the crown still lying upon the table .
nonetheless , i am always convinced of this one thing .
having pronounced that one thing only , he turned and vanished !
if you do not , and should your intercession fail , then this very day shall see the end of israel and her place shall be forever removed from under the heavens , and the things which i have spoken will not come to pass .
he was just concluding his next page when he glanced up to look over at his father , preparing to ask him one more thing .
i need one more thing from you , boy .
tell you one thing ; nobodys giving me a shot .
best thing you ve come up with all night .
reed confirmed one thing .
chapter twenty charlie , i said , breathing the word like it was the sweetest thing i d ever said .
` ` i will tell you one thing . ''
` ` i recall hafo saying the same thing , that heat and movement is the same thing , why is that ? ''
the last thing howard kane remembered about that fateful night was tom pressing his fiery face to his , a blazing kiss of death , then the feeling of blinding pain searing his entire body , pain unlike any he d ever experienced .
i was starving , and i ate the whole thing .
the same thing i told the officer who arrived at the scene after i called 911 , answered jesse .
scared to death was the last thing he wanted to hear .
you 're telling me that the first thing that god said was his own name ? '
we all do it all the time - ' come on fido , let 's go for a walk ' , ' polly want a biscuit ? - you know the sort of thing .
i could ask you the same thing , zoe said .
denying such a thing was sure to bring his death , but he just could nt hand zoe over to them .
but paris just could nt allow himself to believe such a thing .
i would not hold you to such a thing , she said , looking away again , knowing what i know now .
so i got the whole guardian thing , but now the whole vampire thing seemed more plausible .
so i got the whole guardian thing , but now the whole vampire thing seemed more plausible .
so , i said the only thing i could .
funny , i want to know the same thing .
perhaps after you ve been there for a while you will rethink the whole ' not taking your wards down ' thing . ''
the thing that had been nagging at my brain since we left the lab was now staring me right in the face .
the only thing that he was sure of was that he wanted his family protected from whatever was brewing over the coming weeks .
euric laughed a deep , throaty chortle , ` ` your brother said the same thing when we first met and just as i told him then , i will tell you now : you do not have to like me , just fight for me . ''
your brother will need you in the future , so you should n't say such a horrible thing .
what have you done that would equal such a thing ? ''
the same thing that has happened for the last half a century , you mortals will not learn after all .
and so , feeling a fool , mumbling to himself over and over the meaning of life is , jacob prepared to write down the first thing that came into his head .
the princess said it as if it were the most amazing thing shed ever heard .
please , think of what you were asking for ; even if i could grant such a thing , how would it look that i granted only you this incredible favour ?
i do nt presume any such thing , carey ; as you can see , this room and i just act as a conduit , a channel , for all the worlds imagination and emotion .
how can you say such a thing like that ?
and i might say the same thing about you and sisilas letter .
the swords are associated with the gods becausethe first thing you three should know about magic is that magic is performed using ten elements , monika said , which are bone , stone , earth , air , water , plant , fire , spirit , shadow and death .
they are the knights of arria , or the closest thing we will get to them in our lifetimes .
where did you come up with such a thing ?
yes , its true , that s one thing right .
who told you such a terrible , awful thing ?
much as i love to see you squirm with confessing deep , dark secrets that you have been keeping from us , you still have one more thing to confess , do nt you ?
you know , that is perhaps the first sensible thing you have ever said , hava .
not even doomba could say the same thing about himself .
he had thought the same thing about the author himself , but the man was a priest of the god , and he deserved respect .
amandie said , offendedthough shed been thinking the same thing herself .
any of my people agree to such a thing , which i doubt they will , then yes .
every brazurkins horns took a different shape and size , but one thing could be said about the size of their horns : the bigger the horns , the meaner the brazurkin .
if you were nt such a prude , you d be thinking the same damn thing .
okay , i get that , so how did the whole nearly shagging each other on the dance floor thing come about ?
same thing , ashley ?
he was beautiful , but the look was immediately diminished since the first thing he had to say was to call me a bitch .
i do nt know who she thinks she is challenging every damn thing i say , but i am not you .
judging by the whine coming from ashley , she was thinking the same thing .
and now here was marcus confirming the same thing .
sure thing , sweetie .
i was thinking the same thing , when you groaned i figured it dawned on you too .
and , my good lord , you already know the last thing i will say .
every single soul told him the same thing : they were content .
uncomfortable as it was to admit , that could only mean one thing : for whatever reason , the council wanted him dead .
that was a warning , vampire , she said , her voice a little shaky , but then added the one thing she knew would most impact the vampire desmond sharpe : the next time , it will be your face .
sure thing , remy .
well , your honor , they are correct in one thing : desmond sharpe is a vampire .
smacking a fist on the table , i said the thing i did nt want to admit .
well , that s a nice thing to say .
that s the best thing you ve said yet .
at least , that s about the only thing that might make sense .
i watched his smile slipping down as he looked in my cell concentrating on the words for casting off the spell ; when he finished chanting , there was one thing i knew : no matter what he asked of me , i would surely do !
[ 3 ] i fought with all i had and then some more , but all that i achieved was just a groan ; but as we battled on , this thing i swore : if burly hank went down , i d run for home !
i could nt think of a single thing to say in answer to his question .
but if i was shocked by that , i was really stunned when the next thing he said was , have i your leave to rejoin my men ?
the last thing i remember thinking was that the storm seemed to be vanishing into the distance .
oh my word , i repeated , bracing my forehead on my fingertips , trying to comprehend such a thing .
they made their way feebly over to their friends , as hank and bosky looked on silently , and though they did not realize it , they were both looking at vic , and thinking the same thing .
she took the keys he had given her , one for her room , one for the front door , one for the laundry room , and was about to turn , but then stopped , ` ` oh , there is one thing you could tell me .
were there any other words in the english language that said so little and did so much to widen the chasm between corporation and the little man ? ... except perhaps ` ` i ' m sorry that 's just our policy ... '' and come to think of it , they both meant the same thing : i do n't want to do anything about it .
` ` now i have a thing to tell you , and i want you to remember it .
it was the first thing i thought of .
just another dream about the same thing .
she knew it meant only one thing .
the red made him think of one thing , one angelscarlett .
the smoke , the fire , and the ash in the air after she had landed could only mean one thing .
i was slightly stunned by what i was seeing , but then remembered there was a third thing somewhere .
cerena , angor beckoned , i need to tell you one last thing .
she said the strangest thing .
minerva said the word as if it were the most foul thing she had experienced and to a dark dweller , it was .
i agreed to no such thing , thorvaldr grumbled .
i agreed to no such thing , balesh said flatly .
as brody pulled one of the doors open to let simon in first , he then asked him , ` ` one other thing ; ' bone orchard ' ? ''
through gritted teeth , about the only thing that did n't hurt , dahlia asked , ` ` and what .
simon swallowed his mouthful of his ham and crisp on brown bread and replied , ` ` sure thing .
she explained a lot of things to us , and it helped us to not to go bat - shit over the whole thing .
take nothin ' by it ; after a few more rounds , i 'll probably be sayin ' the same thing me self . ''
aaron stopped for a moment , before adding in a whisper , my sweet keira , you said i was nt a monster , but if i told you some of the things i did , you would hate me forever .
i can not the last thing elzora said to elverdor before she decided to leave was , we thought it was the right thing to do .
out of fear of being pursued they moved as high up the beach as they could and hid in a dip only a few hundred yards from devilsark forest the silver wolf sat listening to the forest ; the voices had told her many strange things none of which made any sense to her .
he let his mind wander over the enigmatic things the dryad said and started to doubt that he had spoken to a forest spirit at all .
who do you serve that would know such a thing when every man considers himself a god ?
even if you re lying about the butterfly , its a sweet thing to say .
she told you no such thing .
all the while they ran , the man kept repeating the same thing over and over , this is nt right .
to the elves , the tree was called the graelic , and from what she knew of their language , the word could be interpreted to mean many things ; life , god , love .
ragnerack was the closest thing the mithrlnites had to a chosen , though he was nt a product of the elders , his size and strength had certainly been enhanced by god .
i know only that corrisan is long overdue and that can mean only one thing .
before i tell you what we face , you must promise me one thing .
promise me one thing though , my giant friend .
the one thing they knew for certain was that they had found the planet where life began .
are you still pissed about the helmet thing ?
you do n't know the first thing about it .
eric called us the same thing .
how could such a thing be true , and how could her own mother havehave wanted to kill me ? !
she did nt have to read minds to know lula was thinking the same thing .
if there s one thing i ve learned , the truth shifts , as do lies .
i know that , for you children , mr . chandrasekhar is not an easy thing to say .
well , that is a strange thing to be asking .
you could say the same thing .
hrm , siren said the same thing .
it was about the creepiest thing that henrietta had ever heard .
oh god , henrietta had to admit that was the creepiest thing he could possibly have said .
but there was one thing henrietta could not deny , okay , there were several things henrietta could not deny .
it was such an incongruous thing to say , but at least it made henrietta snort .
it was about the most hypocritical thing that henrietta had ever heard , but she quickly leaned over and slapped brick on the back when she realised he was about to say something .
eventually henrietta walked into the kitchen , though she still could n't face the prospect of food , even though brick thought that was the craziest thing he d ever heard , and kept on trying to force a chicken wing in her mouth .
a greek wife would nt say such a thing to her husband .
a conversation with nestor had revealed the old man thinking the same thing , and for odysseus that removed the last doubts .
could nt take care of his wife ; there was a phrase which could mean more than one thing .
that was real respect , the kind of thing earned only by wisdom and long life .
odysseus had heard stories of other meetings , other men , who had said the wrong thing and been beaten for it .
you might think they promised one thing when in fact they did not , and the reality was far different .
but ill tell you one thing , i was captivated at first glance , and if i d been in her thrall any longer i would have thrown away everything for the chance to be with her .
promise me one thing , though .
it is a very true thing , friend , for that is why i am sent to you .
i hope that you have some answers , because the spirits did nt tell me a damn thing .
sorry , was that a bad thing to say ?
i say any thing , my friends , he looked around at the faces of the other clanfathers and leaders who sat in the hall with him , because i do not think that any one of us will be able to escape or retreat .
is it the first thing that comes into your head when you wake up ?
i think that s the most generous thing you ve said all day .
that renmyrs child should tell him the precise same thing sethaniel brierly did , almost word for word , bordered on hysterical .
in all the years i ve known you , i ve never heard you say a thing so positive .
after all my years in this world , i can not say such a thing lightly .
i knew we were all thinking the same thing .
but i had to get one more thing out , just to make sure holly understood .
` ` that is the most idiotic thing i ' ve ever heard , '' i declared .
opening his mouth , he said one last thing , and then he made a ' let 's go ' motion .
they were both thinking the same thing , here was their chance to be rid of penner .
you and just about every man in this damn army are probably thinking the very same thing .
okay , you see right there the whole thing about my mortality .
alura gave a look letting me know she was thinking the same thing .
strange , but the first thing that came to my mind was that moon looked like he had a bad hair day with a taxidermist .
ill say one thing for the smelly wolfs .
` ` it seems to me fair yonder fell has many a glorious name to tell ; it speaks of battles fought and won , on ling - bound slopes of purpled dun ; it tells of castles and of rooks , of gibbet trees and cheated crooks ; of might and mien ; of all between the sky and earth , and arts unseen ; it tells of honour and of strength in sagas of an epic length ; but a name can be but one thing cried , and that one thing forsooth is ' pride . ' ''
` ` it seems to me fair yonder fell has many a glorious name to tell ; it speaks of battles fought and won , on ling - bound slopes of purpled dun ; it tells of castles and of rooks , of gibbet trees and cheated crooks ; of might and mien ; of all between the sky and earth , and arts unseen ; it tells of honour and of strength in sagas of an epic length ; but a name can be but one thing cried , and that one thing forsooth is ' pride . ' ''
why would she even ask such a thing ?
one thing you people should know , i softly say , turning my head back to them .
i was thinking the exact same thing , he responded .
i want to show you one thing more .
well , there s one thing , i blurted , before i thought .
how could he say such a cowardly thing ?
they each regretted two things ; firstly that they had answered the kings call ( there really is no such thing as a free lunch ) and , secondly ; that a beer hall so large had so few accessible exits .
that was the first thing that thwurp took in .
for lack of what to say , he said the only thing that came to his mind .
looking back at me was the same thing i saw with lada , but it looked more like me .
made me think of a thing my dad always used to say to me when i was down .
seeing my chance , i got up and stepped away from him , ready for the next thing he threw at me .
what was the first thing your parents told you about yourself ?
at least we agreed on one thing ; we hated each other .
i heard chax once tell vulcan the same thing , but i need to go and see if i can find our way out , i replied , moving into the bathroom to get dressed .
we just stood there looking at him , and i m sure both our faces said the same thing , f - you , so he just smiled , looking at us .
its them , the fallen , i replied , slowly trying to fit in the whole thing , and to get my brains back to function mode .
why would you say a thing like that ?
but the last thing i m going to do is tack a happily ever after ending on it , because that would make it even worse .
your precious quest has nt told me a thing .
i will tell you one thing .
what a horrible thing to say about your only child !
why does he have to say the right thing first ?
it was the first thing that jumped into his head , and he had no idea why .
i am wondering the same thing .
she laughed nervously and retorted , witchestheres no such thing .
it is the first thing she tells her aspirants : you do not have to wait .
is the first thing he asks .
4.a beautifully wrapped horror i think the centaur thing was cool .
such a reaction is the last thing i have been expecting .
the thought alone is the only thing revolving in my head .
that s probably the lowest thing i can think about him .
he must be probably wondering the same thing , if silvia is going to stay the night in our room or not .
that s probably the main thing the ninth realm council members expect of neal in exchange for their help against the first realm .
is the first thing i hear my concentration snaps back into place .
i frown , jermaine experienced the same thing ?
so , suddenly aakir chuckles , the first thing neal said was that he was very , very glad to see me .
i do not keep track of time , a thing i instantly start regretting after i feel an eon pass .
and the first thing the ninth occultist asked me was to adversely aim the strongest of the lot.what does that make you think ?
it were a very long twenty four hours.though i should nt say that it is only natural ill forget about the whole kissing thing because of so many things happening at once , but really , it really is natural that ill forget about our personal issues when a much larger issue is looming above our heads .
and i state the exact thing aloud , i am not sorry for making you leave the hospital .
the other thing he spoke in harsh whispers was about his fear due to the occultist .
is the first thing he grunts , frowning at us .
after eleanor left , amelia commented , i wonder if that s the warmest thing she s ever said .
that ca nt be the last thing i say to her .
ill tell you one thing though , this story is way more than some side - show medical case .
meredith was wondering the same thing .
once alone , they stared at each other mutely , both trying to find the right thing to say .
the first thing we want to share is that the patient is in good health , and it is not medically indicated to remove the growth .
then they scowled at each other , thinking the same thing : now that dreamer was back , they could nt listen on the stairs .
she said the same thing back then , and nearly went mental when damon tried using it as a pencil at a homework club .
he thought the same thing , but he shook his head .
ted thought the same thing , because he stepped back in defeat .
the baby thing was just an act- what s mum carrying it on for ?
* * * i m not telling you a thing , agnes said calmly .
pandora , marlon and ted shifted guiltily in their seats , thinking the same thing .
i m no such thing !
you have nt said a thing .
yeah , which is why you ca nt tell him a thing , or charlotte .
i m not sure i believe the whole morgana thing either , amanda .
jean was with us , and i ignored her completely when she asked the same thing .
then he thought i was planning something with ben , a thing i nearly hit him for .
ron said the same thing every time we suggested going to the beach .
when my mother asked what they were going to name the baby , he did , as he did with me , looked at the page he was tearing and called out the first thing he read : lilliputian .
argh , that is the worst thing you could say , mr . dospencer .
` ` how can you know such a thing ?
we know no such thing , jorad spoke for the first time .
failed to learn the one thing humans and huikugy shared .
oh , one more thing she emptied the rest of the holy water onto drazuuls head , destroying him , while the remaining party members cringed , sickened .
was the first thing she said , many times , as if he might hear his name and save her from this misery .
their fable was by far the most frightening thing a child of lurien could be told , and that was why navva , the more forbidding of their makers , had made sure they were familiar with it at an age so young that its memory still made gallan and raddia weak at the knees .
barely suppressing his royal irritation , the king suffered through the mans rambling about the divine language and how it could seem to speak of one thing while meaning another , and just as he was about to call for the guards and have them torture this dithering fool till he come to the point , the scribe gave the name of the person he had reasons to suspect might be an incarnation of the fabled royen .
thus , the first thing wixelor thought when huxor urged him to visit his son , was , this has gone on long enough .
wixelor had agreed at once , almost as eager to set the plan in motion as yonfi , but yodren had serious misgivings , which he hastened to express , his main concern being that if wixelor turned into a wooden statue and perished , they would lose their greatest asset a rather heartless , hasty remark , which sent yonfi in a tantrum , for how could his own brother say such a thing ?
but i think i saw a man on top of another tree , looking at me with a oh , like that thing yodren had in his room !
~~~~~ what s the one thing you re most scared of ?
its the closest thing to hell he can find .
he told me the same thing you just told me .
its not the same thing !
chriss the only person who understands , because he s going through the same thing i am .
i can tell you one thing , ifferon , and that is that he is anything but an adventurous youth .
i will tell you one thing , ifferon , and that is that he is indeed cunning , so you are well not to play tricks with him .
you said the same thing many a mile back , herrdon noted , and i m beginning to suspect it of growing legs and running off into upper ln to consort with the giants !
but where we were heading is the only thing that all of us knew ere the wolves came .
until i moved here , i would have said the same thing .
` ` god , pipsqueak , that 's the most horrible thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
` ` man , mr . madarza woke up three days ago , and the first thing he said was ' pippa ' .
and let me tell you , '' he tossed a quick wink at me , ` ` i know a thing or two about taming shrews ! ''
when a whole community , an entire region , believes such and such a thing , it 's right difficult to stand apart and say something different . ''
one thing i had learned in my short time in eternity was that it was nearly impossible to not be who you are .
it seems like a strange thing for her to say , but heymaybe she s having a moment of insecurity .
in light of the letter , i decide on one thing : its ok to give in to my thirst .
i know one thing : i ve got to get out of here .
they were all thinking the same thing , that it was not right for a creature to be killed simply on the grounds of belonging to a particular race .
i knew one thing for certain .
you did nt listen to a single thing i told you yesterday .
i raised an eyebrow as i asked the only thing i could think of .
that s the same thing miss elzwig said last night , he explained .
miles kept his eyes on the fireplace and said , i could ask you the same thing .
erin could not answer , but she knew miles was thinking the same thing .
across the table , miless eyes studied the mark , perhaps thinking the same thing .
even the way arlo and kota looked at each other , it seemed like the two were thinking the same thing .
can i ask you one more thing ?
it was the nicest thing eli had ever said to me .
saying the first thing that came to mind .
i replied , using the full name thing .
how is it my names always the first thing you say when you walk through the door ?
explained the whole death thing to me .
that waiting for the next thing scared the ever - living fuck out of him ?
just looked at him , all sad eyes and pity and there was nt a damn thing she could have said would have hurt him more than that look .
something not nearly as clever as it had sounded a second ago in his head tumbled out , and probably it was one of those things on the unspoken list of what never to say to a girl , not ever , not even if she asks , but lily really was a saint , because she laughed as he tried to nonchalantly duck into the bathroom to die in embarrassment , calling , well , if your butt was a juice box , i think it d be apple .
he helped murder his own brother , which really put a damper on the whole family advice thing he d given conrad once , but at least it explained why he d been totally awkward while doing it .
which , hey , hothe and a really pretty girl he just met who nevertheless put up spectacularly with the shit seemingly attracted to him like some kind of shit magnet were both together on the whole conrads a pretty cool dude , how about we keep him alive thing , which was great .
and conrad was nauseous before because the whole crack your skull open but do nt worry you ll be fine hopefully thing was nt really sitting well with his stomach , but he was pretty sure that somewhere in this instant transport thing , someone loki - shaped had forgotten to put all his organs back in the right spots .
hothe arched an eyebrow , regarding him like the kind of thing you might find on your shoe after you d been to a toxic waste dump .
the sort of thing you can only print in magazines with fold out pictures .
fuck you , hothe growled and , wow , hey , eat shit would have been a totally appropriate thing to say .
no son of toram would say such a thing , cloak said ; but this time his tone did not carry ridicule .
that 's a strange thing to say , especially since you knew i was cooking dinner .
i did not say such a thing .
i get a lot of tourists coming into my shop looking for magical monkey paws or levitating rugs and i tell them all the same thing : i sell old books and trinkets .
with karini taken captive and all the elves being denied grounds privileges , this can only mean one thing .
he racked his brain and then spit out the first thing that came to his mind , dragon shrivelous !
nord prepared himself for a barrage about the disorder he had caused in her house , the same kind of thing he always got after returning home from a long journey .
` ` one thing i learned from your mother is that dragons can take a long time to mature .
` ` i know one thing for sure .
but one thing came loud and clear .
he s no such thing , keno mumbled .
the words my lady meant for yesmi only one thing .
she laughed and said , all of my friends have spent time with him , but said the same thing .
i tried many different jobs , but was told the same thing over and over again .
every master i learned from told me the same thing ; that i made a poor apprentice because i wanted to be in charge .
his head was pounding , and his mind was within its own tornado of thoughts , too many for even tatiana to hear any one thing of certain .
for in truth , she still believed no such thing .
she said there was no such thing as the perfect path , and no such thing as one path .
she said there was no such thing as the perfect path , and no such thing as one path .
the one thing tatiana held firm to ; was that she did not want to know the sex .
on the way back from the bathroom , scar stole a newspaper and it was folded open to a page and the first thing he read was , our grief at being born into the strange lair of titans bids against us , let it not be our shame .
he turned half of the 500 in thirty - six hours , but some were tight , had used internet cafes on the move , and posted only the one thing .
oh , heres the thing i m supposed to tell y all .
mister jones , have you- scar , goddammit , how many times i got tell a damn fool the same thing .
judge told him to pipe down and he said another thing or two , including he was sorry that he had to say whatever it was then sat .
she said it was a bunch of fins and he told her was nt no such thing as a innocent fin , but he probably did nt do nothing to kill em himself anyhow , and how he did nt care a bit about they was dead .
that s a true thing you said .
the boy talked her into eating one thing and scar said fair enough .
-good thing i m not with that company anymore .
how could i be ready for such a thing ?
once when i was very small and we were sitting on our mats eating dinner , atlatla seized my hair and started to say some thing or other , and our father smacked him on the side of the head with a loud clapping sound .
traders who have gone there have said this , and xunich people who have married into my village say the same thing .
she could not even say some comforting thing to make them feel a little better , since it was her husband 's face that filled the sky .
well , moon is shocked to hear such a thing , she has never seen ah - puchs true face and thinks him quite handsome and very amusing as well .
each mask had its own spirit , each thing said carried its own light , mother moons defeat of ah - puch made my heart beat faster in my chest , though i had heard this story before .
he would say only small things about his time there , he spoke of cold winds and terraced fields and hunting for pebbles of dark green jade in the deep stream - beds .
i know , it is a bad time for us , and here is one more thing , he said .
he looked more pleased , then , and he brought out the third thing : te ek and i have spoken of young women , there are three for you to take dinner with .
pablo was the closest thing i had to a best friend , and a parent for that matter .
i nodded to myself and then i text him one last thing .
i blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
i just i wanted to say something so that you would know that you did nt freak me out and that was the first thing that popped into my head .
i ca nt remember the whole thing .
we will tell you what you need to know but were not going to tell you every single thing we find out .
i know the obvious thing would be the situation going on but i m not completely sure .
no , that was just the first thing that came to mind .
because that would basically just be the same thing as the letter they left me .
one thing led to another and he shrugged , well , you get the picture .
the same thing you take from humans ; his life force she said .
the next thing i remembered was waking up with endora standing over me .
with a mischievous smile on her lips , angie said , yes , and i bet that s the last thing someone says before they go missing .
these stuffy types talk out of both sides , saying one thing but meaning another .
asked saffi , astounded that her father would say such a thing .
i ve seen my brother do the same thing , calling me a pain in the neck .
you once said that you could take my soul if you wanted to , but i see now why you would say such a thing .
when she does that , it is usually an indication that you have just said the dumbest thing she s ever heard .
sure thing momma .
what a lovely thing to say but do nt get your hopes up young lady !
i tried explaining that the incident was a coincidence and raina smiled a knowing smile at me and said , sullen says there s no such thing as coincidence .
why would she say such a thing ? !
asked the queen haughtily , for she did not like this mortal imp saying things of her people that she knew all too well to be the truth , she is not a prisoner but rather a refugee , one whom my people found wandering in the wood and took pity upon .
for you see , bad poetry , is some thing , of a rum thing that anyone can do , which is all too true .
but i ' ve never heard him say any such thing .
it is a strange thing to say .
its the only thing i can say .
he wanted to stand up and place his hand on young annas shoulder and tell her that , as a man who knows a thing or two about pain and death , that anybody can make it through anything fate or nature or , worst of all , other humans could send their way .
perhaps we all expected the same thing as you , though .
that was before i knew i d have to tell his loving wife the same thing .
if stenns mind had been telling him that something was wrong about ennet from the beginning , which it was , then his body had taken a turn trying to tell him the same thing .
you see , some of my companions said the very same thing .
i was repeating the same thing over and over , only to achieve nothing .
wait ... the last thing i remember was escaping riverglade with ariana , and passing out after being thrown by an explosion , but where was ariana ?
i followed his gaze and saw that he was looking at ariana , who was wearing a glare aimed at raziel that could only mean one thing : do n't you dare ... raziel immediately closed his mouth and began backing up , ` ` well ... i 'll let you two sort that out then .
he glanced at me from afar ; the look in his eyes could only mean one thing : i ' m ready .
` ` ah , that is the first intelligent thing you have said .
` ` that is the stupidest thing i have ever heard ! ''
the voice seemed to know every hateful , angry , terrible thing that had ever been said to them and was repeating those things over and over and over again through the echoes .
the voice seemed to know every hateful , angry , terrible thing that had ever been said to them and was repeating those things over and over and over again through the echoes .
that 's the same thing ! ''
` ` thing , '' maryann and isabella answered immediately .
to my knowledge , dad knew no such thing .
the old testament would say one thing , but jesus would say something to the contrary in the new testament .
i leaned my head back again and tried to clear my mind of all thoughts and anguish , for utterly devastated was the only thing i was capable of feeling , and that i did nt want to feel at all .
what an absurd thing to say .
i would have never dreamed such a thing possible .
i remembered the energy thing , but this time it did nt seem as strong as before .
it was the closest thing i could think of .
i could not bear it if you told me such a vile thing .
that is a very human thing to say .
that could only mean one thing -- he had the same class !
but for some reason , when i tried to talk about phillip booth and how he discovered electricity , my mouth went dry , and i could nt say a thing .
sure thing , said poindexter .
my fellow students must have been thinking the same thing .
before you do this , i just want you to remember one thing .
it was as if donny had forgotten everything we d been through , and every kind thing he d said to me .
i could tell him a thing or two about that , from what i had just experienced .
he had no right to say such a thing , but he felt he must .
oh , do nt start with the humanity thing again , kamal sighed , knowing how difficult it was to win in any argument with his aunt .
i still do nt understand one thing though , neha could not help but ask .
the first being that the dream struck deep , there was no doubt about it , and the second thing being that i was almost certain i wanted to give a shot at becoming a protector of blueearth .
in fact there is one last thing clarity said as she turned towards me .
but there is one last thing i want to know , vac said .
i can not possibly if i m someday to be your protector , there is one thing we must get straight : i am not a servant .
prince nolen told me many things , she said in a sweet voice as she coiled the rope on the bed .
` ` god , that 's a stupid thing to say .
there was only one thing left for me to know , and that because i was still afraid of the dark .
one thing he s practically 100 % sure of now : max pilsudski has nt bitten the big one yet .
' where is such a thing said ? '
' if you were not so arrogant , ' he chuckled , ' you would never have thought such a thing .
it had been several weeks now since ghastin had come home speaking strange things - things he had heard from a sage traveling through lubine .
it had been several weeks now since ghastin had come home speaking strange things - things he had heard from a sage traveling through lubine .
i encourage you to take this one thing , on faith , for efficiency .
two maps say the same thing .
i can say one thing about him : he has discipline .
if she says one more enigmatic thing , i swear ill throw her in cooks lake myself , wayden thought .
verica wondered the same thing herself .
if these strand prophets say the same thing you do , jijari , how can they be devils ?
` ` let me do this one thing right .
interloup thirty three - shame of the dark night of the moon month zelf zelfs mind cogitated around her great shame , the unmentionable thing that happened to her every new moon , the thing she did nt like to talk about or think about or remember .
interloup thirty three - shame of the dark night of the moon month zelf zelfs mind cogitated around her great shame , the unmentionable thing that happened to her every new moon , the thing she did nt like to talk about or think about or remember .
you know every shameful thing about me .
` ` personally , i always think the same thing anytime i hear someone use really bad language like the four - letter f - word or the s - word or when they take the lords name in vain .
she wished she could say the same thing about his existence .
the one thing i ' m struggling with as i learn new things about god from my father 's notes , which i feel are true teachings , is the fact that it points out clearly but mercifully that some of the things that many people believe are true are actually false .
` ` i was just thinking that same thing .
although you will be hearing some pretty hard facts about money and the challenges most face when planning and implementing a successful retirement strategy , just remember one thing : you can do it .
i m thinking the same thing , alex agreed .
and i can guarantee you another thing .
they then looked at each other in pleasant surprise for saying the same thing at the same time .
` ` but here 's the thing you have to know before i show you some things . ''
hire an attorney to help you understand just exactly what the contract is asking you to agree to do in every sentence and paragraph before you sign a thing .
he now wondered if captain juruz had thought the same thing he was thinking now when torrin used to say such things into his ear .
he now wondered if captain juruz had thought the same thing he was thinking now when torrin used to say such things into his ear .
he leaned forward and the expression on his face made it seem like this was the most important thing he had ever heard .
captain juruz visibly shuddered while delivering this story , a thing kae would not have expected from such a seasoned warrior .
yadi quickly approached him , barely a foot between them as he asked , why would you say such a thing ?
that s the stupidest thing that i have ever heard !
his son did nt seem amongst them , it may have been twenty years since he had seen viadi but he would never forget his sons eyes , standing there with oblivion marching towards him that was one thing he was sure of .
he rushed back upon his horse , knowing time was against him , but before he galloped off he had to say one more thing .
it was a callous thing to say but he could nt hide such a truth .
match head ged would have said the same thing to his remaining troops if there was anywhere to run to .
i agree that s the best thing i could ask for as well , said edo volis .
king yadi is right kae , i did nt hear a single negative thing about you by any of the refugees .
i think this is the last thing he would want to hear .
i only ask one thing of you yes , what , miss alice ?
she stares at me as if she 's considering the most loathsome thing in all the lands .
perhaps it 's the wrong thing to say , but i ca n't think of anything else .
but again , i know there is only one thing she wants to hear .
so if she said ' the knight is very interested in this here tower ' and she is lying , it could mean only one thing , my lord .
i told it how the closet space did nt hide me well enough anymore , how i stayed awake the whole night under a blanket like a ghost , and how mom stayed in the bedroom probably wondering how she would cover up the marks this time or how she could say the right thing when he got home so he would nt do it again .
each letter seemed to be the same in content : i am fine , i am content , i hope you are well , that sort of thing .
he shut the door and looked at me and said , one thing i need to tell you : we do nt know when well be back .
the one thing i learned is that belief in god and belief in people can break your heart .
i ' m remaking the whole thing .
for a guy who had a lot of people around him , i said , its kind of an odd thing to say .
you say you keep hearing the same thing , the same phrase , claire said .
i spoke into the speaker , asked it questions , asked it to speak to me , but her voice would fade in and out , always saying the same thing like a repeating beacon .
the voice , claire said , still saying the same thing ?
then , one day , dad says its time to go home , and mom says nothing , just one thing : take me sailing .
klas and rat hole had nt moved or said a thing .
why do you insist on telling me the same thing every day ?
the one thing they agreed on , the man was a common thug .
this here fella said that very same thing a while back .
she told me the same thing , hagar confirmed the explanation fostered by his wife .
harald understood that their appearance in summer could mean only one thing ; they had come for war and not shelter from winter extremes .
lars and yngvar shuffled as though they thought the exact same thing .
it was the last thing that any of them had expected to hear .
lets get one thing straight .
oh , i thought of one other thing .
it seemed like a brilliant thing to say at the time , but the second it came out of his mouth it immediately painted the picture of marta being different .
many thing are possible , even the improbable .
lyght was sure mikael was thinking the same thing he was ; did we just hear a joke from this guy ?
but let me make one thing abundantly clear unless you quit the program early on or drop out , you wo nt be going home to live in kona again .
that was one thing he could be sure was coming .
no , the dark was something that needed further study , for she was sure of one thing above all else it was not her friend , nor anyone elses .
lyght clinched his hands and glanced downwards as the other students looked over at him , surely all wondering the same thing .
questioning himself was one thing , but it wounded him more than he would have imagined to hear someone from his group say things like that .
i think i remember lyn saying the same thing on the trip here .
there was no time to react , however , as the dream syndicate leader only had one more thing to say .
lyaness still had one more thing to say before they went out , ok , usually the ninety - fifth is deserted , but there s typically guards legends , especially up on the top few floors .
one thing you ll learn in life is that you ca nt control what others do ; you can only control yourself .
if there s one thing i know to be true , is that its better to trust and be let down than to never trust and be alone .
for one thing i think i can say with assurance is that once the dreamscape collapses , decimader is going to want to fight back .
i told them the same thing .
but i figured it had to be asking me to write out the riflemans creed , which is this thing we have to memorize about the importance of taking care of our weapons .
i decided that unless i really was in combat and had to read a street sign or something , i was nt saying a thing .
but it meant the same thing .
dj rolled his eyes like it was the stupidest thing he d ever heard , then shrugged like maybe there was something to it .
whether khalil had just realized the same thing cassie was n't sure , but something in sam 's voice made him decide to listen .
` ` jay , the spell thing was true , but i was totally making the vampire part up , i swear ! ''
she did nt know if she loved him , but at the very least , he d said the perfect thing to get her heart rate back down to approaching normal levels .
lets get one thing straight : i .
that thing i kept saying about not being able to read your mind ?
he was asking a very frightening thing of them .
no , papa , replied the boys , looking innocent , as though such a thing would never enter their heads .
do nt you ever think such a thing , kimi told him angrily when he ventured to say this one very cold night .
during that day , the main thing that they found out was that little was certain about the life and death of sauvern , except that he had somehow united the warring cities under his rule , and the united provinces had then gone on to repulse invaders from across the sea .
just one thing i d like to see you explain , fero said .
do nt look down , called basalt , which was the wrong thing to say as davraels eyes were immediately drawn downward .
a pretty little thing she was .
sapphire knew she was beat the moment ironclaw threw out the word defeat , it was the one thing no fire dragon would ever accept .
and it was another thing that po did that made raymond laugh ( po 's louis armstrong imitation was a spot - on yoda ) .
the warrior nodded grimly , so be it , but will you tell me one thing ?
baye chuckled , i suppose i am the last person who should be saying such a thing .
you do nt know how many times i heard such a stupid thing in the course of eternity .
how many people in here could say the same thing ?
the world beyond is not a suitable place for a woman , especially one that has so many things to tell .
lets get one thing straight , he said .
by the way , i show to you one thing .
what have i done to deserve to see such a thing ?
and after hearing such a thing , you re still expecting me to help you ?
you will say the wrong thing and ruin everything .
` ` you can listen but say the wrong thing and i 'll flatten you .
that is the best thing i have ever heard you say , my mother said , dabbing at her eyes .
my instincts were in overdrive and they were all telling me the same thing .
it was the thing i saw the first time i rode up in the elevator .
at least that was the only thing i could tell myself to keep the tears away as i headed to my waiting cab .
i took a deep breath and voiced the thing that had been bothering me .
that is one thing you can be sure of .
that was the creepiest thing i had ever heard .
i do nt trust anyone in royalty , said edd , they promise one thing then turn their back on the people .
i learned that one thing from auron fox .
good and evil , there is no such thing .
if its the only thing you remember from me grandson , remember to respect the feet .
there is no such thing as popular , she waved with her hand .
he would have said the same thing angie did , but angie just said it quicker , before he did .
wow , was all malique managed to say since it was the only thing he could come up with .
his foster mom had told him something similar a few years ago but somehow hearing it again , but from sokie , he started to believe the words maybe if two women he cared about said the same thing maybe it meant it was true .
how it was truly created , what really is out there , why we all exist all knowledge is held within the pebble that s the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard , sokie said , shaking her head .
coming up to him and saying this strange thing , and frak trying to grasp what the strange sounds meant .
sxz : one thing , the others are especially drawn by the absolute depth of the tone , why are we here ?
she was always nice to marwan and always said the right thing at the right time .
marwan thought that whereas kbra always said the right thing at the right time , n always said the wrong thing at the wrong time .
marwan thought that whereas kbra always said the right thing at the right time , n always said the wrong thing at the wrong time .
if were lucky , this will just be a quick , short sorry - about - yesterday - have - a - nice - day kind of thing .
marwan suddenly remembered inanna saying the same thing to him just the night before in the spirit world .
apate yelled one last thing to marwan as he gained distance .
rowan heard aiden say one last thing that seemed to echo down the long corridor behind him , as he stepped into the spirit world .
people who know him will call you a liar if you say one bad thing against him .
the last thing she said was that he s hard to get to know .
karin hears that weight comment and our relationship wo nt be the only thing broken .
maybe mr . grays uni - brow and cozy cheeky mustache are considered hot in his home world that was the last thing i thought , before i fell asleep .
he tilted my face up , so he could look me in the eyes and whispered , please , let me handle her from here and , i told him , i d rather be dipped naked in kerosene and set ablaze than let her get away without receiving some motherly gypsy punishment he responded by saying , just answer this one thing for me before you act on those emotions and expend all that effort it takes to exact justice .
lets try to say the same thing about youtheres that trivial matter of a packed audience waiting to be serenaded by you , he softly , reminded me with a wink .
jules questioned me before i could ask her the same thing .
in fact , if any of my sorority sisters knew the first thing about football , and that freddie has an almost surefire lock on impending nfl stardom , they would be throwing more than their unmentionables his way .
but , that was the only thing i could come up with .
girls lucky was the next thing i heard bruno say and a small giggle escaped against my will .
now , you can understand why your moms are always saying the same thing about you and all our daughters .
the girls ducked and scattered , on basic instinct the members of dark matter pointed at me in confusion holy was the only thing the lead singer managed to say before two hands , located behind me , grabbed my hipsbreaking my fall .
so , i only turned in one answer on the whole thing .
the only rational explanation i had was the most awful thing a mother could do to her child .
the only thing they could agree on was that lyle has to go last with her .
i ve heard the same thing .
zanderll have to read it to you , if you wan na know the whole - whole thing .
one stayed to watch the camp and the other took me to the lap - spreen that word is latrine i ve been calling it the wrong thing all week !
we went around the table and all of them admitted virtually the same thing .
only i know what my sexy bunny wants and she always gets her way they might have done something or made a gesture , but that was the last thing they said to each other .
` ` hafiz , how can you say such a thing , her highness puteri [ 1 ] paramita is the daughter of his majesty sultan abdul kadir .
look , the only thing i can say about her , is that she is an important person for my future .
that was the most disgusting thing i ever heard .
` ` what a stupid thing to say , i heard that she was injured , are you going to wait until she bleeds to death ? ''
` ` i ' m not completely sure , but one thing i ' m certain of , is that one component contained in it is pcp . ''
` ` mita , how can you think such a thing ?
i know my mak noor will always be careful about the thing that she would say to mama , because of the way mama would react at times .
its the first thing that popped into my head when i opened my eyes .
my thoughts slowed almost to a stop , but the first thing i remember thinking ( after the red ) was , how could i have slept through this ?
every exit , she said the same thing .
so it was nt one of ours , which could only mean one thing .
the last thing jameson remembered was the sound of the door slamming behind him .
one thing i should ve learned by now , something i did know , but for some reason , with the alarm blaring i had forgot for an instant , and that is all that it takes , is that you always need to be on your guard when you are outside .
in the carried whispers of their discussion , i heard one thing with clarity , lyncia i am here , father .
what is the one thing that lina has shown us time and time again ?
that s not exactly the same thing .
i know , i just meant , it does nt mean the same thing to her is all .
lets get one more thing straight .
do we tell them the same thing , that were looking for lina ?
the last thing the man said to me was i d be returned to my life when the mission was complete .
that s hardly the same thing !
i want to hear the whole thing .
she wants to say some thing so watch the postscript .
the world voidmark committee has confirmed a few things but were not releasing the news just yet every country around the world has agreed to coordinate .
if i can get cassius some of the pamphlets , his mage can charm them such that riordan will see one thing and the incoming will see another .
for good or for bad , that seems like an important thing to know .
the same thing they say about any magic they do nt understand magic went wonky .
gregory had said nothing ; it seemed like a very obvious thing to point out .
but this is only one thing there s probably a lot more things i d have to say , and ways i d have to act , even if i do nt agree with them .
but this is only one thing there s probably a lot more things i d have to say , and ways i d have to act , even if i do nt agree with them .
the question came suddenly , so gregory asked the first thing that came to his head .
its the same thing lesley said you can wait you must wait have you been with the gypsies all this while ?
that s the worst thing i ve ever heard i did nt know its not your fault , gregory said quickly , i once thought i d never get to be a mage so i asked some grown - ups why almost no one in pencier did magic , when they obviously wanted to and this is what they told me and he told her more , including about the incident with the bobbins staff .
` ` if she says one more enigmatic thing , i swear i 'll throw her in cook 's lake myself , '' wayden thought .
i guess , could say , umm , tan - sik glamith sero - tlanin kha - ydnas - akh arpa - thratenn , she said , but , not same thing .
but you should know , lessie , that this place did nt only teach them the obvious skills of their trade , but also things like , how to spot and avoid bad and dangerous men , how to avoid and escape pimps , how to hide weapons on your person and in your room , how to defend yourself , even without weapons , how to avoid sexually transmitted diseases and spells , how to get ( and in many ways provide ) medical treatment , how to organize themselves as a special interest group , how not to get addicted to drugs or luxury or religion , how to avoid infatuation with a client , and how to save up money or valuables so that one day , she could be independent .
but ill agree to one thing , and that is , that if you are smart and brave , you will usually be better off .
ok , but heres another thing , said lesuzi .
one thing she said was , he hoped to corrupt the guard , zarinia , by having sex with her , so he propositioned her .
but i will pause to say one more thing : you are a good man , srea kula , and a good priest .
it seemed a very odd thing to say , but if it would help the doctor , he was happy to say it .
never think such a thing , darestigan !
well , replied mno , one thing you may be sure of is , that your enemy is not an ordinary person , or a group of ordinary people .
now there is one thing more that i must say .
* * * * * * * * * * death is one thing we prefer not to share with our loved ones .
if the gods will give me greater wisdom , i will be happy to employ it ; at the moment , the only honest thing for me to say is , that i can not fully approve of such a world .
she quickly verified that all the nearby people were equally ecstatic , and whispering the same thing .
the god of hatred tells you that the tencidca are incorrigibly corrupt and evil , and then he turns around and tells them the very same thing about you !
that is one thing i have learned by coming here .
one thing it means is that her body will never again stroll , or breathe , or converse , or work , or dance , or dress children , or make love , or be pregnant .
i guess that s one more thing that i will have to think through slowly , sometime .
but yes , yes , i admit it , oftentimes i m just not having a blessed thing to say !
i know exactly what you mean , replied asharia , for i have experienced the same thing .
is nt it possible , asked kor , that one persona at one place will say one thing , and that another persona at another place will say something contradictory to that ?
so the judge talked to a few witnesses , and they all said the same thing : that arkiss was frequently rude to ksarkit , and ksarkit would object to it .
norgis , how could you say such a thing ?
one thing she said , continued elda , was that a lot of the work that gets done in this neighborhood is the fruit of investments from the outside .
the first thing i need to tell you is , that this orphanage is going to become a school .
when the others return from the escort , i will tell them the same thing .
i assure you that i know of no such thing or spoke of such thing .
say what you want , but i told you no such thing .
[ ] [ ] [ ] when he woke , he knew one thing about himself for sure .
that s a really weird thing to say .
christ , that 's the funniest damn thing i ' ve heard .
if anna had learnt one thing , it was that she could nt underestimate this guy .
it was an odd thing to say , and it made anna blush .
that sound could only mean one thing to eckxio .
before the end , saying such a thing so openly would have a had the boy hung by his neck , but the way this young lad now threw around such blasphemy with disregard brought a smile to nerys lips .
sayjin eyes snapped to horun , how would the man react to such a thing being said .
even though i do nt understand what he said , i know every and every thing , and shake with the happiness of it .
the fortune teller woman , i mean the old romani woman , continues telling the same thing in albanian : note it .
elma straightens herself up , she must be thinking about the same thing like me : vahu !
i have a bad habit of saying the wrong thing at the wrong time .
thank you marcus , we will leave first thing in the morning .
just tell me one thing , lil asked .
there is such a thing as being too overdressed .
well , at least we learned one thing , tome said reasonably .
bill was thinking the same thing .
i could ask you the same thing , replied honest hjel , aka crazy eddie lightfoot , purveyor of anasasi magic charms .
and along with the real thing here , i got my hands on some nice little duplicates .
heh yeah , i met an indian man who said the same thing .
anytime your parents come at you with the we need to talk to you talk , it usually means one thing : disaster .
that s the smartest thing you ve said since we ve been out here .
he scolds me and then reminds me of the same thing over and over , like i m the one who actually has the problem .
maeve reed may have been a queen of hollywood , but that just was n't the same thing .
` ` you act as if you are already king , galen , '' i said , and it sounded harsh even to me , because i knew he was thinking no such thing .
` ` no , hedwick , and for you to say such a thing is deliberately insulting .
looking into rhys 's bleak face , it was hard to argue , especially since i 'd thought the same thing .
kurag had said that i had to give kitto true sex , and for a goblin that meant only one thing : intercourse .
` ` that is a hateful thing to say , meredith . ''
i opened my mouth , closed it , because i could n't think of a single helpful thing to say .
to that there was only one thing to say- '' i agree , now let 's get out of here . ''
i did n't like the sound of that , but it was the first thing he 'd said that was sort of psychotic so i was doing something right .
getting you out of town is the only thing i can offer .
one thing the unseelie teaches is the love of every form of fey .
there was a look in his eyes that i 'd seen in other men 's , but it could n't mean the same thing .
` ` because doyle 's presence here can mean only one thing .
the only thing i could think to say was , ` ` may i use your shower ? ''
but one thing i had to know .
` ` the only thing i can come up with is that they had the spell for some other purpose and used it for this at the last moment .
` ` what my dear aunt plans and what comes to pass is n't always the same thing .
i said the only thing i could say .
it was the closest thing to an overt criticism of the queen that i 'd ever heard him say .
say the wrong thing , do n't say the right thing , and it could be off with your head .
say the wrong thing , do n't say the right thing , and it could be off with your head .
` ` no consort means i can demand one more thing or the alliance is broken . ''
` ` gee , galen , that was almost like a smart thing to say , '' i said .
` ` i would never say such a thing . ''
seeing the number of men rhys had ordered to meet us at the hospital , apparently he had thought the same thing .
` ` my father , your brother , would have said the same thing . ''
you say the only thing you can .
i looked at the despair in his eyes , and said the only thing i could think of .
his face was so empty now that the only thing i was certain of was that i was n't in immediate danger .
i whispered back , ` ` i was going to ask you the same thing . ''
i said the only thing i could think of that might shock her into listening .
i stroked her yellow hair , and said the only thing i could say , ` ` yes . ''
` ` maybe , but i agree with polaski on one thing : i would n't want to be the person who gave you just enough evidence to get the wrong person killed .
i said the only thing i could think of : ` ` i will not rule it out , but i fear you now , aisling , where i did n't before . ''
the one thing you always needed to remember with blodewedd is if you 're fair with her , she 'll be fair with you , but do n't betray her .
` ` is not the same thing true of blodewedd 's house ? ''
to that there was only one thing to say .
` ` a princess should n't have to beg '' was the last thing he said before he slid inside my mouth .
` ` the last thing i thought , the very last thought , was you .
i said the only thing i had left to offer .
` ` your words say one thing , but your tone another , which leaves me wondering whether to obey your words , or the anger in them . ''
` ` i was just thinking that very thing . ''
` ` they can mean more than one thing . ''
` ` it is difficult enough to communicate without making it more complicated with words that mean more than one thing . ''
but the month before , mori and halar said the same thing .
it was the nicest thing anyone had said to him all day .
which was the civil thing to say , but perfectly ridiculous .
smiles at just the right time , says just the right thing , even lets you knock her up so she 'll be nice and matronly for the convention .
the kindest thing that could be said of it was that it was a joker 's rights plank , the first .
the first thing jack thought when he heard about ellen was : yes .
he only knew one thing for certain .
all our sources say the same thing ; the kgb and the gru believe it too .
` ` sure thing , mister . ''
best thing i ever wrote .
it was the wrong thing for tachyon to say and it pushed spector over the edge .
` ` look , you ' ve got to know one thing .
' now then , as i was saying , ' denaos continued with all the nonchalance of a man who did not have his arm up another man 's trouser leg , ' being reasonable men and insane pointy - eared savages alike , i assume we 're thinking the same thing . '
' i memorised this whole thing !
she returned the gesture , mentally scolding herself for not realising he would know such a thing .
i could n't truly expect a man of your particular breeding to know such a thing , though . '
' possibly the sanest thing spoken yet , ' denaos said with a frustrated sigh .
the linkmaster was a pirate vessel and i command no such thing . '
he longed to say such a thing to her , if only so that she might know why he could n't say it .
' the little runt came within an inch of betraying us , ' gariath snorted , ' and the last thing she said made the shict deaf . '
and through her bared teeth , her flashing canines , she could only say one thing .
' there you go with the ` ` death '' thing again- ' ' you think it wise to leave the deepshriek alive ? '
knowing that such a thing would be lost on the young man , he chose to say something different .
what would her people say if they knew such a thing ?
' it 's not like that- ' ' was it not you who just said such a thing ? '
' there is no such thing . '
what a deranged thing to say .
' it means the same thing . '
' i was thinking the same thing , ' lenk said as he turned his smile from the lizardman to his companions .
' i ' m ... ' ' leaving ' would be a good thing to say , asper thought , or ' furious ' or ' about to strangle you . '
i want the other thing ; the one where we talk . '
' you say one thing , then another , and they contradict each other and i do n't know which to listen to . '
even if it was n't idle babble , gariath had been told such a thing before .
the soft weeping and violent trembling had left her body and left her nothing more than a pile of limp bones and skin that muttered the same thing on soft , silent breaths .
the more she listened , however , the more she was aware that she had never heard such a thing before .
he did not , though ; mostly because he had often thought the same thing about the rogue .
she never said anything , except when he did n't want her to , and then always the same thing .
and through the storm , sea , and stone , hanth could hear but one thing .
he looked , wide - eyed , up at the dozens of chattering mouths , all chanting a different thing at him .
inside his head , there were words being spewed in a language he could n't understand , some things about logic , sense , not dying a horrible death under purple hands , that sort of thing .
` ` there 's just so many talking all at once and all saying the same thing over and over and over ... '' ` ` because you refuse to listen .
` ` and there 's no such thing as no more pain .
` ` so ... is that whole thing your name or do you have a regular one ? ''
he had only one course of action and , thus , only one thing to say .
all this and i still do n't know anything about you except one thing . ''
that was n't the first thing he said to her .
the first thing was ` ` i love you , '' because it 's a good thing to say if you can mean it , and shadow did .
the first thing was ` ` i love you , '' because it 's a good thing to say if you can mean it , and shadow did .
it seemed the smartest thing to say .
minus forty , maybe , that strange point on the thermometer when celsius and fahrenheit say the same thing .
he grinned at her as if her question was the funniest thing he had ever heard .
freedom to believe means the freedom to believe the wrong thing , after all .
it was the first thing he had said , and his voice was rough and accented and , like the driver 's , it was a voice that shadow knew .
wednesday had never said any such thing .
i used to know the whole thing , '' and he rubbed his temples and made a face and was quiet .
media said , ` ` in a world where people die every day , i think the important thing to remember is that for each moment of sorrow we get when people leave this world there 's a corresponding moment of joy when a new baby comes into this world .
perhaps it 's a hard thing to say , but joy and sorrow are like milk and cookies .
they could n't prove a thing , as long as nobody was talking .
` ` no such thing , '' said whiskey jack .
` ` never any such thing .
it was the first thing he had said in several hours .
` ` that 's an awful thing to say , '' i said .
the sheriff may have been thinking the same thing .
i sighed with bliss and kissed his neck , which was the easiest thing to reach .
what a great thing for a mother to say , but what a huge responsibility .
` ` i was thinking you 'd say the same thing , '' he said .
i was sure every law enforcement person on the scene was wondering the same thing .
there was something about the whole thing that felt - unsealed , uncompleted .
i rear myself back to curse him for saying such a mean thing , but fiachna grabs my left arm and squeezes hard , warning me to be silent .
she did n't acknowledge one way or the other , but his words rang with sincerity , as if he needed her to believe that one thing .
` ` we agree on that one thing .
saying the wrong thing right now would get tzader in deep trouble with macha and knock the wheels off this conversation with brina .
` ` he said i am safe with you and i am to tell you important thing about when you change into your other self . ''
34 such as 168 - 9 , probably a clumsily intruded couplet , of which the only certain thing that can be said is that it interrupts ( even if its sense were plain ) the natural connexion between 165 - 7 and 170 ; the question of the expansion ( in this case at any rate skilful and not inapt ) of hrothgar 's giedd , 1724 - 60 ; and most notably lines 175 - 88 .
` ` it is not our place to say such things , '' laurence said .
` ` there has been no trouble in india these three years , whyever should you ask such a thing ? ''
i 'd been wondering the same thing .
ms . terwilliger scowled and handed the clipboard to trey , who seemed to think my name was the funniest thing ever .
there 's no such thing as ' normal . ' ''
` ` all guys mean the same thing when they want to ' get to know a girl better . '
it was a mean , mean thing to say , but it was also the truth .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about me , adrian ivashkov .
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard , '' said the tattooist .
` ` that shower thing was hilarious , '' he said when i finished .
it was the kind of thing people said all the time without really understanding the implications .
it was the kind of conciliatory thing people in his profession had to say to family members .
but let 's face it : that probably was n't the kind of thing she would joke about , especially considering how grave her face looked .
` ` that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' he declared with a grin .
i hesitated only briefly before playing the card i knew would get him , the one thing that would make him drive out here and not raise suspicions about the tattoos .
it was really the only thing he could offer .
` ` i never said any such thing , '' he countered .
when they 'd told me angeline dawes was going to be jill 's new roommate , i thought it was the most ridiculous thing i 'd ever heard .
he looked down at baxter , who appeared to be thinking the same thing .
i find i ' m suddenly fascinated , and furious at whoever would have said such a thing to a frightened teenager .
` ` sure thing , '' rusty said .
michael will tell you the same thing - ` ` ` ` you 're siding with him now ? ''
` ` that is n't a very kind thing to say . ''
he was sure she 'd be thinking the same thing .
` ` the only thing they ' ve ever said about my father is that he was a soldier . ''
how could the man even conceive such a thing ?
` ` i was wondering the same thing myself .
` ` that , '' kitai said , ` ` is the least unwise thing you have said tonight . ''
` ` your father used to ask me the same thing . ''
` ` we 're all thinking the same thing , '' gaius replied .
and i ' m not telling you a thing , you son of a bitch , '' i managed to gasp .
one thing i 'd been taught in school - djinn did n't reproduce .
i did n't know the first thing about baby djinn , and i had no one to ask but rahel , who could n't answer me and probably would n't tell me the truth even if she could .
ooooh , wrong thing to say .
we 'd all said the same thing : david 's bottle had been destroyed .
from anyone else it would have been an appalling thing to say , but there was no bitterness in his voice for a change , only an ache of loneliness for his own father .
` ` then i woke up and you were n't there , so i thought ... '' clary could n't think of a thing to say .
she saw immediately that this was the worst thing she could have asked him .
breathless , she flipped to a new , clean page and hastily began to draw the first thing that came to mind .
` ` so what 's with that ' hey ' thing ? ''
` ` just let me say one thing . ''
` ` that 's not the same thing ! ''
you- '' that was the wrong thing to say .
stupid thing to say , but then i never claimed to possess good social skills .
i do n't think you 're in any shape to do another reading , and anything else would be ... '' he trailed off , letting me interpret the kind of thing twila might ask .
he nodded , as if i had n't said a single surprising thing .
that was a hell of a thing to admit about your own mom .
he had been nodding , a smile building on his wonderful mouth , until i said the last thing .
` ` same thing that happens to everyone who 's different around here . ''
the whisper lapsed into a soft sibilance that the rest of us could n't understand , but shannon nodded and responded as if the thing made perfect sense .
one the first thing you need to know about me is - i see dead people .
a queen never said that sort of thing to a lesser creature .
such a weird thing to say to your dead boyfriend .
he was kidding about the last thing .
but first thing comes to my mind -- he never expected to be found .
` ` just answer one thing ... are you on the run for a good reason or a bad one ? ''
there would be time for exploration later -- all she wanted was him inside ... ... isaac clearly thought the same thing , too .
` ` shhh ... you 're all right ... ... '' as she murmured the lie over and over again , she wanted to say something else , but that was the only thing that came to her -- even though she had to agree with him .
` ` if you own the world , there 's no such thing as trespassing .
and not just because the show o'er here was a dramatic disaster to watch : indeed , nigel was n't going to be able to stomach a thing .
one thing had always been true about the head of xops : matthias never gave up .
it was the kind of thing his father would have said , and joey felt all big - man about it -- especially as tony nodded and held his book to his chest .
it was the last thing he said before he passed the fuck out .
at least that was one thing isaac had been right and truthful about .
the guy mouthed , matthias ... and then the next thing that came out of his mouth was a curse .
` ` i do not see how you can have thought any such thing , '' temeraire said .
you could not rely upon such a thing . ''
should you say the wrong thing and be overheard , you 'll find yourself in juris macto with the high lady .
he tried to think of another explanation , but it was the only thing that made sense .
however , the simple fact that tavi could stand on the wall and observe told him one thing : the canim bolt throwers had ceased their deadly thrumming .
` ` lem me make one thing real clear .
far off he heard her talking to herself , murmuring , ` ` all night , all night , '' as if it were the funniest thing anyone had ever said .
jory would undoubtedly recognize the name , and they 'd get into the whole thing about how he found the body , a can of worms jay did n't especially care to open .
` ` it 's the only thing that makes sense , '' jay said .
i promise you one thing , mr . jory .
jay tried to think where he might hide if he was a jacket , but the only thing that came to mind was a closet , and all the obvious closets had been checked pretty thoroughly .
jay could n't think of a thing to say .
` ` sure thing , mister , '' the cabbie said , grinning .
or maybe i 'll sell it to the washington post , really show that bimbo sara morgenstern a thing or two . ''
` ` when this thing comes out , greggie 'll be lucky if they do n't lynch him . ''
` ` emmy , if there 's one thing you need to know about life , it 's to never trust anyone or anything .
in fact , the closest thing you 'll probably find is banjo night down at mamma 's house of cheese fries . ''
she takes me by the shoulders and looks me straight in the eyes , as if her next words are the most important thing i will ever hear .
` ` that 's the first thing i thought when i saw you at the party . ''
emmy , if there 's one thing you need to know about life , it 's to never ever trust anyone or anything .
i just really need 2 talk to u about something ... the thing we talked about the other night .
` ` the only thing i can say is that there has to be someone else who knew where your car was . ''
` ` is that the same thing you told mackenzie ? ''
` ` do n't say things you do n't mean , ember rose , '' he advises .
` ` that 's the craziest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
i make the decision , the thing my dad tried to engrave in my mind since i was young , and what asher warned me to do - do n't trust anyone .
when she gets back on the line , she tells me the same thing and i hang up without saying good - bye .
chapter 5 the receptionist at the clinic tells me the same thing as she did on the phone ; that my mom left a few days ago and did n't tell anyone where she was going .
emmy , if there 's one thing you need to know about life , it 's to never , ever trust anyone or anything .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , emmy .
` ` you and i are n't friends , and in the end , i only want one thing from you .
it sounds like such a selfish thing to say and the moment it leaves my lips , i hate myself for saying it .
or maybe it 's because she 's dead and that 's the last thing she 'll ever say to me .
` ` you said ' coolio ' earlier , and ' weakening distraction ' was the sort of thing he 'd say too . ''
` ` we have one last thing to tell you , one final mission to send you on ! ''
` ` do not say such a thing ! ''
so i try the first thing that comes into my head .
i want to sign this thing . ''
which was completely the wrong thing to ask at that moment .
` ` and the thing about trying to prevent the end of life as we know it ? ''
she just blinked , unable to think of a single thing to say .
` ` for - ` ` she could n't think of a single thing to say , and suddenly it came to her , foolish and charming and strange .
it was the wrong thing to say , because he had , actually , and it was one subject they did n't talk about .
` ` will you let me tell you one last thing ? ''
the only good thing anybody can tell us is that you were being treated for what was wrong with you .
the things he was saying flowed through her , thick and sweet as honey , words shaped on skin .
next the tiny motel clerk with the hairy ears was at my side asking the same thing .
and then you 're pulled apart and the only thing you get from him for months is to hear his raspy , whiskey - soaked voice on the radio , in a song he sang privately to you , it hurts .
i mean the whole thing about the band doing the deal with the devil and the devil coming back to take what was his .
` ` the thing you said about old habits , '' she said slowly , her dark eyes glittering .
i debated whether i was going to say the next thing .
he admitted to there being a heaven and a hell , but he never described himself as an angel , even though it was the closest thing i had to compare him to .
maybe it was wrong of me to keep another thing from him - after all , he still had no idea about the man in black on the train to italy - but the show tonight was the biggest one on the tour , and i did not want to screw it up for him .
it dawned on him that this was precisely the wrong thing to say , but hrun had already pushed twoflower away and was reaching for the luggage ... which sprouted legs , backed away , and raised its lid threateningly .
sort of chap who can tell one herb from another , roams - the - high - forest - with - every - beast - his - brother kind of thing .
ksandra looked as though she was regretting the whole thing .
' the thing is , the duck says , ' said gaspode , ' that all this is part of the same thing .
' well , i told them a thing or two !
the one thing you could be sure of , if you told granny weatherwax and nanny ogg not to help , was that they would rush to help if only out of spite .
that was the reliable thing about the church of the great god om .
but it was not the kind of thing he felt it wise to say to vorbis .
` ` what is the first thing you can remember , my son ? ''
` ` although if there 's one thing you can say about foorgol , '' said xeno , ` ` it 's that he 's a very understanding god .
some ? thing , anyway .
sounds like a place where people do n't have trouble believing things .
` ` there 's no such thing , '' she said .
but somewhere , in every village , was someone who officially did n't set bones and who did n't know a few things about certain plants , and who stayed out of reach of the quisition because of the fragile gratitude of their patients .
anyway , right , then he pushed through the line of guards what was holding the crowd back and stood right in front of the doors , and they were n't sure what to do about bishops , and i heard him say something like , i carried you in the desert , i believed all my life , just give me this one thing .
some ? thing you wish to say ? ''
never regretted one single thing .
magrat had tried explaining things to mrs . scorbic the cook , but the woman 's three chins wobbled so menacingly at words like ` ` vitamins '' that she 'd made an excuse to back out of the kitchen .
it 's not the first thing you say . ''
it was the sort of thing romantic idiots said .
it struck shawn immediately that this was n't the right thing to say .
' because a dog told me ' was not , she judged , a career - advancing thing to say at this point .
' i never said a thing ! '
the whole nose business looked like a conundrum wrapped up in an enigma , or at least in sergeant colon 's handwriting , which was pretty much the same thing .
it 's the kind of thing people without power say to make it all seem less bloody awful , but it 's just words , it never makes any difference- ' someone hammered at the door .
' it 's like that thing of his about using magic .
' there 's one thing that 's true at least , ' he said .
the air smelled sweeter here , which was an unusual thing to say about ankh - morpork air .
it was the only thing he 'd held out for .
so our bodies tell us one thing , our heads tell us another .
one thing a good assassin learns is- ' there was a thunderous explosion , and the lamp disintegrated .
the old bards said they got better as they got older , although old men tend to say this sort of thing regardless of daily experience .
and then he 'd said things , and he 'd said things , and suddenly the world was a new and unpleasant place , because things ca n't be unsaid .
and then he 'd said things , and he 'd said things , and suddenly the world was a new and unpleasant place , because things ca n't be unsaid .
and then he 'd said things , and he 'd said things , and suddenly the world was a new and unpleasant place , because things ca n't be unsaid .
the first thing people say is , oh , you 're a raven , go on , say the n word ...
we had to get a plumber from ankh - morpork , hah , he said he might be able to make it a week next thursday , and you do n't say that kind of thing to the master , ' said albert .
anyway , she did n't believe that kind of thing .
once again there was the closest thing there could ever be to silence in the room of lifetimers .
cliff looked at glod , who was still digesting the thing about the most famous horn player in the world .
but that was just the sort of thing you said after a few beers , surely no - one would be so gullible as to write ... a picture focused itself in rincewind 's memory it was of a happy , smiling little man with huge spectacles and a trusting , innocent approach to life which brought terror and destruction everywhere he wandered .
salzella said that sort of thing .
that did n't sound the sort of thing someone said when they woke up from a faint ; it sounded more like the sort of thing they said because they 'd heard it was the sort of thing people said .
that did n't sound the sort of thing someone said when they woke up from a faint ; it sounded more like the sort of thing they said because they 'd heard it was the sort of thing people said .
that did n't sound the sort of thing someone said when they woke up from a faint ; it sounded more like the sort of thing they said because they 'd heard it was the sort of thing people said .
' oh , what a nasty thing to say ! '
the vegetable chef was found much later hiding in the soup cauldron , gibbering unhelpful things like the knuckles !
what a trange thing to say .
many of the books were magical , and the important thing to remember about grimoires is that they are deadly in the hands of any ibrarian who cares about order , because he 's bound to stick them all on the same shelf .
this is the sort of thing you 're supposed to say to maintain steppe - cred in barbarian circles .
the only thing he could be certain of was that he was getting a headache .
' of course , that 's not the same thing . '
the important thing about having lots of things to remember is that you ' ve got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them , you see ?
' , which is a terrible thing to say as your first word ever .
' i remember your mam saying that sort of thing , ' said chickenwire .
you only had to look into teatime 's mismatched eyes to know one thing , which was this : that if teatime wanted to find you he would not look everywhere .
the watch could tell you a thing or two about neighbours .
of course , vimes believed the same thing .
' they do what they 're told , they tend to believe the last thing they heard , they 're not bright enough to ask questions , and they have that certain unshakable loyalty available to those unencumbered by too much intelligence . '
it sounded like carrot 's voice and it was the sort of thing he 'd say .
there was no such thing as too quiet .
' what kind of thing is that to say ? '
that was the only thing that he currently knew for sure .
' nevertheless , we must respect their views , ' said madam frout , but rather weakly because occasionally she 'd thought the same thing .
' the last thing i heard him say before i came to find you was , ` ` we 're so close .
' have i said the wrong thing ? '
' that 's a strange thing to say .
' i ' m wondering the same thing , ' said susan .
leonard opened his mouth to say : no , this was expected , because everything is falling at the same speed , but he did n't , because he could see this was not a happy thing to say .
hamnpork would n't listen to peaches , and she knew it , but dangerous beans was the nearest thing the rats had to a wizard and even big rats listened to him .
' i was just thinking the same thing .
' you do n't say that sort of thing to the rat piper . '
' not the kind of thing i want to hear you saying at this time , nobby , ' said colon severely .
' that 's just the kind of thing i 'd say , if i was a revolutionary element , ' said vimes .
' um ... everyone does what he tells them , is that the same thing ? '
that 's a hell of a thing for you , hnah , to say to me , sarge , ' he said .
but you can tell me one thing , sarge .
wo n't be able to say a thing , haha .
granny was absolutely certain of one thing .
` ` this is n't the sort of thing spirits normally say .
` ` your baron bans witches in this country , you know that , and the first thing you say to me is ' are you a witch ? '
` ` that was a nasty thing to say , '' she said .
` ` well , that 's just saying the same thing in a different way , is n't it ?
i thought that was a strange thing for the kelda to say ... . tiffany 's second thoughts said : hang on , was that a first thought ?
but they all agreed on one thing : we ca n't have this .
tiffany found that a very useful thing to say .
` ` that was a very brave thing you just said , '' she said , ` ` but i expect you 're sorry you said it , now that you ' ve had a really good think ? ''
it was , of course , the wrong thing to say .
' i could have you sacked , you know , ' said moist , knowing that this was a stupid thing to say .
there was a certain lowering of the temperature , as if he 'd said the wrong thing .
it was a stupid thing to say , but his tongue had taken over .
' can i ask you just one last thing ?
' yes , men say that sort of thing , ' said miss dearheart .
sorry , was that the wrong thing to say ?
this sounded like the kind of thing they wanted to hear .
' that 's the sort of thing gilt would say ! '
that was a terrible thing to say to anyone who was almost thirteen .
there was ... something , some strange sense of things unsaid because there was no voice to say them , a sense of striving , as if the thing were putting heart and soul into this moment , even if it did not know the meaning of heart or soul .
` ` i ne'er heard o ' such a thing as that ! ''
` ` there 's nae such thing ! ''
` ` now , now , tiffany , that 's not the sort of thing a witch says- '' miss tick began .
it was n't the best thing to say , but a lot better than : ` ` you said you were going to die in about five minutes ' time ! ''
it was a silly thing to say and deserved what it got .
in the darkness she tried to fight her way to the surface , until the blackness was suddenly pulled aside , her eyes filled with light , and a voice said : ` ` i ' m sure these mattresses are far too soft , but you ca n't tell mrs . ogg a thing . ''
and you 'd add things like : ` ` as you know , granny weatherwax says that practically anything works instead of placebo root , but it 's best to use the real thing if you can get it .
` ` can ye bring to mind when it was i told ye that sometimes ye say exactly the right thing ? ''
there are many things to be said about cabbages .
' it 's the only thing i ' ve ever been sure of , ' he said , with conviction .
' that 's a pretty unpleasant thing to say about anyone , ' it said .
' sorry , but- ' ' - you know that if you use- ' ` - magic near the library , with all the magic that 's in there- ' ' - get one thing wrong and it 's a critical mass and then - ' ' bang !
' he does n't know the first thing about traps , ' she said .
' oh , absolutely no - one says that sort of thing any more , ' said the genie , and produced a glass out of nowhere .
' if it ... you know ... if anyone gets out of this , you know , and everything is all right after all , sort of thing , i d like you to sort of tell people i sort of stayed here .
' that was the most saddest thing i ' ve ever heard , ' he said .
the gods of the disc - and here is meant the great consensus gods , who really do exist in dunmanifestin , their semi - detached valhalla on the world 's impossibly high central mountain , where they pass the time observing the petty antics of mortal men and organising petitions about how the influx of the ice giants has lowered property values in the celestial regions - the gods of disc have always been fascinated by humanity 's incredible ability to say exactly the wrong thing at the wrong time .
memory is the first thing that goes .
every time he seemed to be getting anywhere he spoke his mind , or said the wrong thing .
funnily enough , captain vimes was thinking the same thing .
you do not have to say anything , you see , but any thing you do say , well , i have to take it down and it might be used in evidence . ''
i 'll tell you one thing for nothing , i ' m not looking up that dragon 's nose again .
the policemen in their uniforms , suits , and more casual clothes seemed like shadows not as bright , not as alive as my two men , but maybe everyone in love thought the same thing .
he 'd said the only thing that could have kept me from questioning him on the way to the beach .
to that the only thing i could add was ` ` me either . ''
` ` i was just thinking the same thing about you lot ! ''
because if there was one thing they all knew , her dragon army was always ready for war .
in a castle , where the scent of fire dragons was in every nook and corner , which meant only one thing ... . because there was only one dragon she knew of who not only had a castle but actually lived in it rather than on it .
` ` mum says the same thing to all her sons . ''
` ` addolgar the cheerful , you need no such thing ! ''
she 'd trusted where she should n't have , believed lies when she damn well knew better , and most importantly , forgot the one thing that no one else ever forgot - that her father was ailean the wicked .
the last thing that went through her mind was that the only reason he 'd missed her heart was because the royal behind her had pulled her to the side at the last second .
and my father does n't think a meal is complete unless someone proclaims , ' that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard !
for some reason that was the last thing he ever wanted to hear from her , but he ignored the pang of regret her statement caused .
if there was one thing fearghus had always been sure of it was his father 's feelings for the queen .
for once annwyl could n't think of a thing to say .
` ` that 's a cruel thing to say .
he did n't have to admit a damn thing .
` ` the first thing she asked me was whether i claimed you already and when i said no , she seemed relieved .
because she did n't know what to say about that , talaith said the first thing that came to mind .
` ` that 's a strange thing to say , little witch . ''
` ` if there is one thing i know , is that you do not control the dragons .
so he said the first thing that came to his mind ... '' i love you . ''
he looked at fearghus ' face and both dragons realized they were feeling the same thing .
if there was one thing she could say about her mate , he obeyed no one but himself .
to stop the flow of depression threatening to overtake him , gwenvael reminded himself he could be back at garbhan isles dodging another sword thrown at his head for some inconsequential thing he said .
` ` you said the same thing about centaurs , '' morfyd reminded the monarch , ` ` until you got that hoof to the back of the head . ''
` ` i absolutely understand that and told the same thing to gwenvael .
but the last thing queen rhiannon had said about her daughter would stay with him for a very long time : ` ` keep her .
she held up a talon , her gaze focusing far off before she sighed , shook her head , muttered to herself something like , ` ` that girl , '' and then said to ragnar , ` ` and one other thing ... '' ` ` yes ? ''
too bad she continued to forget the most important thing he 'd always tried to teach her - her mother was not to be f**ked with .
yet it could only mean one thing for dagmar to unleash vicious insults and barking rage at the obviously insane human ruler who bored easily - that she was comfortable .
i ' ve been thinking the same thing .
` ` how dare you say such a thing to me ! ''
` ` we ' ve thought the same thing .
but the one thing none of them could say was that their mother would n't do everything and anything to protect every last one of them .
gwenvael looked at his brothers and they al thought the same thing at the same time .
in fact , rhiannon knew only one thing at the moment .
that was the thing about macsen , the thing that many enemy soldiers had learned over the years ... macsen did n't go down easy and once down , he did n't stay down .
the beast took a big breath in and even before the flames covered his body , he knew this would be the thing that killed him .
eibhear had once thought the same thing ... until he 'd become one .
that was a horrible thing to say about mum and dad ! ''
` ` that is the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
shame her royal cousins could not say the same thing .
` ` i would never say such a thing to my dear sweet niece ! ''
` ` that is an unfair thing to say to me . ''
` ` that 's the one thing i can assure you will never happen . ''
resting her cheek against his scales , her face buried under all that blue hair being whipped about by the wind , izzy wrapped her arms around eibhear 's neck and said the only thing she could possibly think of at this moment .
` ` i ' m just wondering why you would say such a thing . ''
first , she wanted to understand the age thing .
` ` okay , but can i ask one more thing ? ''
i ca n't seem to say the right thing , or do the correct thing .
he had n't said one thing insulting or humiliating - perhaps frustratingly evasive - but it had been my interpretation of what his words meant that had put me in defense mode .
i did deserve it , but there 's one thing i have to know . ''
he said , the last thing i imagined him saying given the information he 'd just been privy to .
` ` a change , '' he repeated , the only thing he 'd pulled from my explanation .
` ` i promise i wo n't say another thing about him . ''
i was screaming the same thing in my mind .
simple enough question , and in the past , whenever anyone had ever asked me the same thing , it had been a simple enough answer of yes or no .
i watched a few sets of eyebrows raise at my continued silence , so i went with the only thing i had .
john 's smile and roaring laughter came instantly , as if i 'd just said the funniest thing he 'd heard in years .
that 's pretty much the most romantic thing you could say to me . ''
` ` i would n't change a thing , '' i whispered through the airways of my tightened throat .
i still had one last thing to say .
` ` but since you can do anything , i ' m sure you 'll have no problem with this whole chosen one thing . ''
although i had one thing : the knowledge that he 'd be safe .
i hid the motorcycle key in my jacket , not wanting to explain another thing to paul , and hung the suv 's set over the nail before heading back to the kitchen .
` ` last time i checked , '' i answered , realizing i 'd be saying the same thing ten thousand years from now .
` ` this one thing ? ''
i do n't know the first thing about anything medical , i ca n't even read a thermometer properly .
he swallowed , waiting for me , but i could n't untangle my thoughts enough to get the first thing out .
i was so certain we were meant to be together that i stifled you into believing the same thing .
oh baby , i know you intended that to be sobering , but that might have been the most beautiful thing i ve heard .
if that was the most beautiful thing you ve ever heard , '' i rose an eyebrow '' coming from the mouth of a woman sporting menswear in the middle of a stinky , hot barn '' also known as the woman who wil have my last name soon , he interjected , like it was the proudest of things .
patrick looked like he was experiencing the same thing .
the truth , i repeated to myself , the last thing i wanted to be divulging to him tonight , but i knew the last thing was usual y the way every situation i was involved in resulted in .
the truth , i repeated to myself , the last thing i wanted to be divulging to him tonight , but i knew the last thing was usual y the way every situation i was involved in resulted in .
did you real y not hear a thing i said to you tonight ?
it was the only thing that came to mind as my body rocketed through the air straight for the rocky coast below .
i know i love wil iam , i began , that the very first thing that was at the tip of my mind .
troys throaty chuckle was the next thing that entered my consciousness , but patrick ignored it , his mouth growing urgent against mine .
this whole thing was starting to feel a bit too experimental for my comfort and the only thing i could think of was hectors fear that john would use me to try to replicate my gift '' or curse was more how i viewed it '' to deal out death with a mere touch of the skin .
the only thing i could bring to the surface .
welcome home , bryn , was the last thing i knew i d hear for awhile as the door sealed me away .
john must have seen the same thing in wil iam i did because his expression turned serious , but when his eyes glanced back to me , a glint sparked in them .
regardless , it was the first thing i thought when i took a step back and reviewed my new husband , shirtless , smiling , and sexy as sin .
wel , yeah , nothing but your typical year in a col ege girls life , i said , like it was the least impressive thing i d heard .
she was counting on one thing : she 'd lived in elantris .
` ` why does n't she leave and come home- '' ` ` i asked her the same thing .
i know she wants revenge against mathias , but if shock gets her with ... '' bram sighed , as if realizing he 'd said the one thing designed to turn lucan somewhere between miserable and murderous .
her flavor exploded a kaleidoscope of sensations inside him , the strongest insisting one thing he 'd never stopped believing : anka belonged to him .
but i said you would never say such a thing at all , so it was no use ; and so you may stop trying to persuade me .
most people would never believe such a thing , and mason , who made a good living by dealing in evidence and facts , was less likely than most .
but the whole apple - doesn't - fall - far - from - the - tree thing had evil implications when it came to serial killers and their sons .
talk about your polar opposites - when her phone went off , the first thing she thought was , please let it not be my mom .
wrong thing to say in the wrong tone on the wrong morning .
first time that had happened with an angel , and she knew only one thing for sure - he had n't backed out , or given up .
` ` well , if you have a fear that you 're like your father , and there 's a bloodbath in front of you , and you ca n't remember a thing - of course you would . ''
she was certain of one thing , however : he had not , in fact , hurt that man .
silly thing to say , though .
krer said the same thing , in exactly the same words , when he was talking to reilly about her .
if there 's one thing that life 's taught me , god takes care of us , my man . ''
no such thing . ''
` ` do n't you have that ' worthy ' thing backward ? ''
` ` there is no such thing as coincidence , ms .
` ` unfortunately , parapsychology is n't yet a widely accepted course of study , so i settled for the closest thing . ''
i ' m always told there 's no such thing . ''
the gleam in his eyes told her he was thinking the same thing .
do n't you listen to a thing i f**king say ? ''
once on his page , the first thing i looked for was his birth date and relationship status .
patrick said roughly the same thing and they both waved at us in unison .
the only thing i could suss out was that this path in the woods was , in fact , a road .
he smirked , maybe thinking the same thing .
the first valuable thing he 'd said so far .
` ` go limp , '' was all i managed to say , remembering the most important thing about taking a fall from my stuntwoman classes .
` ` good luck , '' was the last thing she said before leaving the room .
it had to be the most wonderful thing anyone had ever said about me , and his words and passion melted me from the inside out .
i knew it was the most important thing i had ever written .
` ` that 's the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard .
i could n't say i would n't want to say the same thing .
and thanks to dex 's clever work and bit of luck , we were able to convey the same thing on film .
i typed the first thing that came to my head .
so i said the first thing that came to my mind .
i obviously said the wrong thing .
but for dex to say the same thing was saying a lot .
it was n't so much the fat thing ; i was kind of used to that by now and it was such the typical cheap shot to take on a female who had a little meat on her bones .
it was no small thing to ask of myself but dex , despite his actions the night before , deserved it .
could n't say the same thing about my arms though .
he was probably thinking the same thing .
i thought this was the best thing that ever happened to me and he completely regretted it .
maybe he was thinking the same thing .
that was the first thing my mom had said , ` ` not only do you look like a punk , but you ' ve ruined your gorgeous hair forever . ''
yep , i knew the hater i had was still lurking around on the internet somewhere , waiting for me to say the wrong thing .
i ' m sure if daniel '' ( my dad ) ` ` was n't tipsy right now , and was n't so bullheaded about you , he 'd be telling you the same thing . ''
i yelled back , knowing that was the last thing my parents needed to hear .
it was a very guy thing to say , but it still stung .
that was an odd thing for him to say .
and the biggest thing i felt was the way i felt about you .
this is the first f**king thing we ' ve shot in this city . ''
the last thing we heard before the fuckface disappeared into the darkness was , ` ` keep on screaming .
` ` that is not a very dex - like thing to say , '' i muttered , feeling strangely upset at his admission .
i was still mad about the anonymous thing and i did n't want to be distracted .
that was maybe the most romantic thing anyone had ever said to me .
and from the look i caught on rebecca 's face , i could see she was thinking the same thing .
it was a hard thing to accept but i was learning .
i worked as a maid at the house for two weeks , my work for my keep in return , before i found my dream job - or the closest thing to it .
i never ever regretted a thing .
i do n't know who saved me from throwing myself in front of that train and ending my life , but i know someone did for the next thing i remembered was waking up in a psychiatric hospital , the very place i would spend my last years before i died .
just one more thing to scribble down on my mental notepad headlined perry and sorted : things i needed to get to the bottom of .
` ` years of theatre school and that 's the only thing that sticks . ''
she probably did n't believe in that whole ten years of bad sex thing .
the last thing i remember thinking as i lay on the wet , cold , disgusting ground was that i never answered gus .
the thing i could no longer ignore .
then i figured out the whole thing that you had no problem picking up on .
i 'd be lying if there was n't a part of me that was wondering the same thing .
after all , that whole ` ` i ' m moving out '' thing was still on the table and i could n't be sure that a night of hot sex would eradicate that .
if you say another f**king thing about what happened between me and you , i ' m going to show you what else i can do to your balls , you hear me ? ''
i glanced at perry , wondering if she was thinking the same thing .
i knew she was smarting over the whole ambrosia thing , and even though i planned to turn her down , perry 's insecurity was n't going to believe that .
i knew we were thinking the same thing , that perry did n't like ambrosia , so of course she 'd think that of her .
i guess perry and rose were thinking the same thing , because they were staring at her in confusion .
each thing will have its own weight to it , a blow to the reality you think you know .
and then i remembered one thing my mom said right before she died , something i thought about from time to time , when i felt like wallowing in self - loathing .
this was n't any one thing .
the doctor came in soon after , pretty much telling me the same thing perry had told me .
the last thing i saw of her was when i had that vision of us in the boat , when she told me she loved me , the cryptic things she said about michael .
i paused , feeling funny about the whole thing .
it was the first thing she 'd really said to them other than , ` ` hi , i ' m rebecca , '' and the twins eyes flew to her and her cherry - print dress .
i looked quickly at rebecca and i could see from the skeptical raise to her forehead that she was thinking the same thing .
i did n't want to say the bad thing ; i did n't want to acknowledge its name .
you 're welcome to take a quick look but that whole thing i said earlier about not pushing my luck ... '' ` ` no , that 's totally cool , '' i said a little too gratefully .
they usually only meant one thing .
turning to his twin , ronan couldn '' t think of a single thing to say .
didn '' t hear a thing . ''
men said things like ' peace in our time ' or ' an empire that will last a thousand years ' , and less than half a lifetime later no one even remembered who they were , let alone what they had said or where the mob had buried their ashes .
' i ' m not following the wretched thing !
he 'd seen the shape of a crossbow and one of the things you learned in the watch - that is , one of the things which hopefully you 'd have a chance to learn - was that it was a very stupid thing indeed to follow someone with a crossbow into a dark alley where you 'd be outlined against any light there was .
been everything there is to be in this business , but one thing i never been , and that 's a sharper . ''
` ` funny , mister sour billy , but these here niggers said you 'd say jest that very thing .
he swallowed , and said the hardest thing that he had ever said , in all his born days : ` ` no . ''
` ` i reckon hairy mike will have a thing or two to say about that . ''
let me say one other thing , however .
` ` sure thing , cap'n , '' grove said .
it had to be right , abner marsh thought , it had to be , it was the only thing he could think of , the only thing he could figure .
it had to be right , abner marsh thought , it had to be , it was the only thing he could think of , the only thing he could figure .
` ` we ' ve been getting hold of every warden we can find and telling them the same thing .
` ` he said pretty much the same thing himself . ''
still , the first thing i thought when i saw kevin was that i 'd never seen him smiling before , at least not like that .
i wondered if david was as frightened by that as i was by the mom thing .
` ` there 's such a thing as too much control . ''
he paused for a second , and i could tell the next thing was n't good .
` ` i ' m not sure that 's such a great idea ... '' ` ` i was thinking the same thing about imara .
` ` senator theoginus said almost the same thing . ''
` ` i can not let such a thing pass unchallenged , '' tavi replied .
i was about to say the same thing to you . ''
` ` but there 's also the other thing she said . ''
` ` it means one thing .
how could she even be thinking such a thing ?
` ` i 'll not tell you another thing . ''
the whistling communication could mean only one thing : there were more than one of the barbarians here .
` ` let me add one thing more to that , tavi .
he 'd no more think of obeying traffic laws than i would that thing about not wearing white after labor day .
stupid thing to say ; there was blood on his shirt , on me , still dripping from his gaping mouth .
and another thing came crystal clear to me .
` ` there 's such a thing as overdoing it ... ... '' i knew there was , but the food and the sleep were recharging my body , and i wanted to hasten the process .
i 'd been the unfortunate recipient of such a thing , at bad bob 's hands .
the palms was a blur : smiling faces , people saying kind things , cherise running interference .
david did n't move , but i saw the same thing in his face - the same revulsion and sickness .
i let my anger go , because i sometimes thought the same thing .
so when they want you to feel bad , that 's the first thing they 're going to throw at you . ''
god knows they asked me to tell them every single thing i ' ve done in the past few days , over and over .
that was such a sweet thing to say ; maybe not the words so much as the way tolliver said it .
he said exactly one thing to me on our drive .
he 'd finally told the worst thing , in his view , and now he could relax .
` ` you know , even if they exhume poor ms . parish , they wo n't be able to tell a thing . ''
for another thing , a much more important thing , i did n't know enough .
for another thing , a much more important thing , i did n't know enough .
with tolliver , i was n't going to worry about how saying such a thing would make him think of me .
how dare you say such a thing ? ''
` ` you do n't have to believe a thing i say , '' i told helen hopkins .
right , that was the first thing i asked guys .
i had been frightened of the wrong thing , i saw immediately .
well , the first thing to pop up in my mind was that we 'd have to stay in sarne longer now .
it seemed more like the kind of thing men expect women to say ; if life were like a sitcom , that would have been my line .
` ` coward , '' i said , and i remembered that harvey branscom had called him the same thing the morning before .
i 'd heard pretty much the same thing from hollis .
` ` somehow that seems like the right thing to say , anyway . ''
that seemed like a perfectly ordinary thing for a big brother to say about his sister , whether she was his full sister or his half sister .
i was kind of wondering the same thing , so i did n't blame him for his coolness .
if that was n't the most naive thing i 'd ever heard , it was pretty damn close .
that was exactly the right thing to say , and gracie promised to find out when the chorus would be singing for the first time so tolliver and i could put the date on the calendar .
i groped for the right thing to say .
i asked , another stupid thing to say .
would n't be the first indiscreet thing to pass my lips .
not that i 'd ever believed such a thing ... and yet martin oliver , one bad - ass weather warden in his own right , was looking at me as if i was the hope of the world .
` ` no , laurence , i can not promise such a thing , '' he said .
when i was younger , i scared my mother to death , the things i would blurt out about district 12 , about the people who rule our country , panem , from the far - off city called the capitol .
and maybe he 's thinking the same thing about me because his face darkens and he turns away .
but this is absolutely not the kind of thing that victors go around saying in the arena .
it 's not the sort of thing i can blurt out , either .
when he 's sober , i ' ve never heard him say one negative thing about you , '' says peeta .
it 's not much , but out here in the wilderness , it 's the closest thing we have to a home .
` ` have you given up the whole ' girl on fire ' thing ? ''
well , i ' ve learned one thing today .
they all laugh as if that 's the silliest thing they ' ve ever heard .
that , i guess , is the only thing we know for sure , '' says twill .
listening to bonnie and twill confirmed one thing : president snow has been playing me for a fool .
i order warm milk , the most calming thing i can think of , from an attendant .
we sit in silence awhile and then i blurt out the thing that 's on both our minds .
and again and again when i held out those berries that meant different things to different people .
and then finally , at dawn , the grieved expression on the face of the mine captain that could only mean one thing .
it 's a truly stupid thing to say , especially to a victor .
you do n't know the first thing about executing orders , and you 're not exactly at your physical peak . ''
peeta sounded like his old self , the one who could always think of the right thing to say when nobody else could .
` ` you said that same thing to me in the first hunger games .
it 's a horrible thing for gale to say , for peeta not to refute .
the place where we recorded those things you can not trust to memory .
ramon felt a stab of unease ; he had n't meant to tell the thing about the european .
he had to answer , but none of the things that came to his lips was the right thing .
clueless banker lost in the wild was one thing .
it was the sort of thing he 'd have said himself , to remind the constable who owed what to whom .
the one thing he understood was that there was no reason , no explanation , no perspective he could bring to this that would make the ending any different from what it was going to be .
you ca n't believe a thing she says ! ''
that thing about how it 's a smock ? ''
that was the one thing he would n't let slide .
back at school , old yorenson had always said there was no such thing as an unstoppable weather system .
i hoped the we was a generic kind of thing , not a hello - i'll - be - your - stalker - this - evening warning sign .
if i said the wrong thing , got desperate ...
it was the first thing she 'd said to me when she 'd gotten healthy enough to call from rehab .
for there was one thing that had been on the soulless 's datapad that he 'd deleted .
` ` i think that 's the sweetest thing anyone 's said to me since lyndon johnson was president .
he was n't about to say such a thing , however .
and as if a key had turned in a lock , ralph suddenly remembered the strange thing dorrance had said during the confrontation between ed and the heavyset man last year ... the thing ralph had n't been able to remember earlier this evening .
and as if a key had turned in a lock , ralph suddenly remembered the strange thing dorrance had said during the confrontation between ed and the heavyset man last year ... the thing ralph had n't been able to remember earlier this evening .
` ` here comes the most important thing i can tell you , ralph , so listen up . ''
` ` the thing you have to h '' ing onto is that you 're still basically okay , even though you feel like shit a lot of the time .
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing i have ever- '' ` ` hush , bill , '' lois said .
that had been the last thing ed had said to him before turning on the big game - show grin and going over to greet the cops .
` ` you do n't understand a thing i ' m saying , do you ? ''
there were women all over derry - gretchen tillbury and his own sweet helen among them - walking around with these little spray - cans in their purses , and all the cans really said the same thing : i ' m afraid .
the last thing in the world he wanted to do right now was get laughing ; it would hurt like a bastard .
of one thing he was sure : the tracks were really there .
this is a true thing i ' m telling you .
ralph laughed as though this were the funniest thing he had ever heard .
you also have n't been sleeping , you 're seeing auras , guys creeping out of locked houses in the middle of the night ... '' and then , in a deceptively light voice , mcgovern said the thing ralph had been dreading all along : ` ` you want to watch out , old son .
i was mostly over being scared by the time i got all that straight in my mind , but i was hurt by the high - handed way they were treating me , and mad at how every other thing out of janet 's mouth was personal days this and personal days that .
something about how he did n't think any such thing , but he had to consider my safety , just like i 'd always considered his when he was growing up .
listen , lois , there 's all sorts of things i want to ask you , but i have an idea that right now there 's only one thing i really have to know .
you ca n't know any such thing , ralph .
` ` finally i told them the only thing they would believe . ''
ralph , ordinarily a cautious sort of man , recklessly said the first thing to come into his head .
lachesis had said there was no such thing as accidental death , and that included mcgovern 's .
ralph , however , told them no such thing .
he opened his mouth to speak , but she got there first , [ ` ` there 's one other thing i want to know before we go any further .
he still was n't clear on everything , but one thing he knew for sure : nothing was happening by chance .
as i remember , the first thing i asked when we finally made it to the roof was who they were and what they wanted .
this was derry 's old cape , where elderly cars with wired - up mufflers and cracked windshields wore bumper - stickers saying things like do n't blame me i voted for perot and all tiil , way with the n.r.a where no house was complete without at least one fisher - price big wheel trike standing on the listless lawn , where girls were stepping dynamite at sixteen and all too often dull - eyed , fat - bottomed mothers of three at twenty - four .
ferocity was the last thing he had expected .
` ` i can tell you one thing , and it 's absolutely for sure . ''
` ` all right ... but this is the last thing i ' m going to say , so pay attention .
and as he looked down at me , the anger softening a little , i had a feeling he was thinking the same thing .
i thought about it , wondering the same thing .
kiyo and i exchanged looks , both of us thinking the same thing .
the only thing i was certain of was that i was getting more and more worked up as i sat there .
` ` that , '' he declared , ` ` is the most gentry thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
` ` jack , there 's one more thing you should know . ''
its the first thing they teach you in detective school . ''
sometime after everything he read , from particle physics to masonic ritual to the bhagavad gita , told him the same thing , over and over : all is one .
i always heard things from mama and the relatives about how you ran away and why you came to this place . ''
little sal heard the whole thing . ''
' only one thing is clear to me , ' said otho , ' and that is that you are doing exceedingly well out of it .
the last thing written is in a trailing scrawl of elf - letters : they are coming .
' he would be rash indeed that said that thing , ' said galadriel gravely .
' i never thought no such thing , ' answered sam , in no mood for jest .
he said an odd thing at this point .
' there is another thing that i should like to know first .
my word , but the gaffer would have a thing or two to say , if he saw me now !
almost the last thing he ever said .
drawing in a sharp breath , he let it out with a rumbled growl - the sexiest thing she 'd ever heard .
he was so hungry - he could n't even remember the last thing he had to eat .
which was probably the wrong thing to say , because boy 412 did n't believe it either .
but this bug realized no such thing .
` ` now that you have all decided , '' said marcia loudly over the hubbub , ` ` there is one last thing to be said . ''
but he ca n't prove a thing , not a thing .
there was only one thing he could say if he was to maintain his image .
the thing that says to you , ' your herd instinct is asleep .
it means things like being content with thirty shillings when you might have got three pounds , doing school work honestly when it would be easy to cheat , leaving a girl alone when you would like to make love to her , staying in dangerous places when you could go somewhere safer , keeping promises you would rather not keep , and telling the truth even when it makes you look a fool .
consequently , this rule of right and wrong , or law of human nature , or whatever you call it , must somehow or other be a real thingca thing that is really there , not made up by ourselves .
part 2 - what christians believe chapter 6 the rival conceptions of god i have been asked to tell you what christians believe , and i am going to begin by telling you one thing that christians do not need to believe .
we humans call one thing good and another thing bad .
but , in fact , it is not the sort of thing anyone would have made up .
and when you have grasped that , you will see that what this man said was , quite simply , the most shocking thing that has ever been uttered by human lips .
now before i became a christian i was under the impression that the first thing christians had to believe was one particular theory as to what the point of this dying was .
and also , as long as you stick to the first thing , there is very little disagreement about morality .
social morality the first thing to get clear about christian morality between man and man is that in this department christ did not come to preach any brand new morality .
` ` in fact , i 'd say calling me a troublemaker is probably the only accurate thing tepper has said since i got here . ''
` ` i wish the same thing every day . ''
` ` even if such a thing were true , i would not want to live believing it . ''
` ` we agreed to no such thing ! ''
that 's virtually the same thing as what i promised them . ''
this is a ridiculous thing to say to a mistborn , i think , but i ask anyway . ''
of course , my trainer said the same thing about me . ''
` ` if you 're going to dabble with romance , elend , you need to learn one thing : you can play with women if you want , but do n't let yourself get too close to them .
she lay in a daze , addled , confused , able to think of only one thing .
epilogue ` ` the only thing i can conclude , master marsh , '' sazed said , ` ` is that the lord ruler was both a feruchemist and an allomancer . ''
i wonder the same thing myself .
he met vin 's eyes , and she knew he was thinking the same thing she was .
but sometimes you say the wrong thing , or you let your rebelliousness show . ''
the thing that convinces me to just ... leave .
he believes that he can control them - and he probably believes the same thing about the obligators . ''
` ` and so does that thing you 're translating now . ''
how could he tell her such a thing ?
it fits with everything else - the yellow sun , the blue sky , the plants ... . '' ` ` yes , but where did you first hear those things ? ''
he well knew that zane thought himself more competent than his father ; what mistborn would n't think such a thing ?
` ` he ate my horse , '' elend said , saying the first thing that came to his clouded mind .
` ` i never knew him , but i ' ve listened to enough about him to learn one thing .
it was , however , probably the most important thing he 'd ever written .
tindwyl , apparently thinking the same thing , laid it over its companion .
` ` at least that fool demoux had the sense to choose one thing to believe in . ''
` ` the lady heir says the same thing , '' the old man said , smiling , breath puffing in the cold air .
the religion of the terris people ... the thing the keepers spent millennia searching for , trying to understand , was a lie .
` ` one would think that after all the talking we did to get to this point , they 'd know by now whether they intended to sign the thing or not . ''
this code was the first thing that a kandra learned upon awakening from his or her life as a mistwraith .
` ` others have said that same thing , '' she mouthed .
` ` the first thing i taught you ? ''
` ` you mistake one thing , elend venture , '' yomen said .
durn had only said one thing in response to this .
at times he 'd felt the same thing himself .
though , sazed thought , this proves one thing .
yet , upon seeing him , the first thing i thought of was how relieved i was that he was n't a pewterarm .
and then , of course , there was the final flake of ash on the pile - the thing that each and every faith had , in his opinion , failed to prove .
` ` if the things you say are true , then not only is the lord ruler dead , but the thing he spent his life fighting has now come to destroy the world . ''
it was the sort of thing sazed or elend should have had to write , not breeze .
` ` i ' ve often thought the very same thing ! ''
` ` it would have been a shame if you had , '' waxillium said , ` ` as i believe that 's the most interesting thing anyone has said to me since i returned to elendel . ''
he was probably thinking the same thing as waxillium - a band like this , with these numbers and such nice weapons , was likely to have at least a couple of allomancers or feruchemists among them .
that might be the most crude thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
the thing was , miles had said one thing that was right .
i was n't implying such a thing . ''
one thing i had learned early was that all power comes with a price .
i said the only thing i could think of : ` ` finish . ''
she coughed blood onto the stones , and it was as if she wondered the same thing .
strange , but michael had said the same thing .
` ` lily , you have n't said a thing .
it was n't a proven thing , but she totally believed it .
he stared at her like he thought the same thing .
she 'd give the little bastard one thing : he sure could run like a minion .
what he said ... well , it was probably the nicest thing anyone had ever said about her .
she knew he was thinking the same thing .
the sorrow and anguish that settled over her was the worst thing she had ever felt .
` ` i know i sound crazy , and if i were in your shoes , i 'd be thinking the same thing , but i know what i saw .
a confused look marred his striking face , as if he was mentally going through a word list but could n't find the right thing to say .
i believed in that moment it would be the last thing i ever heard- that cold , unflinching laugh .
was n't the most reassuring thing i was looking for , and frankly it made me want to run screaming from the room , but i nodded .
again , what he said was n't the most reassuring thing .
` ` the dod may say one thing , but i know differently .
so i went with the one thing i knew that would make her focus .
serena continued to pepper me with questions about the woodwork i did , and while i wished i had n't said a damn thing , i answered the questions without thinking , like she had my balls in a pair of vise grips .
the whole not afraid of what he was thing sort of went out the window .
` ` you 're beautiful , '' i murmured , and then flushed because it seemed like the wrong thing to say .
i was n't , but sometimes the smart thing was n't the same thing as the right thing .
` ` that was really not a polite thing to say .
they really were n't the good guys at all , but if i discovered anything , there was no such thing as white and black .
it was the first thing he asked .
the one thing i 'd never advise saying would be , ` ` it looked like you turned into a werewolf ! ''
` ` ever since i said that thing about brandon being weird when the wolves came , abby 's had to top me .
she 's made the whole thing up .
this could only mean one thing - trouble .
he believed that the hour of his death was come and he was determined to utter the thing - almost the only thing outside his own science - which he had to say .
he believed that the hour of his death was come and he was determined to utter the thing - almost the only thing outside his own science - which he had to say .
one thing i do know , and i believe i could prove it on purely philological grounds .
but perhaps the most mysterious thing he ever said about it was this .
but here there was no such thing .
how did it enter his mind to conceive such a thing ?
` ` that also is a strange thing to say , '' replied the lady .
the other - the piebald one - has already told me things which made me feel like a tree whose branches were growing wider and wider apart .
the thing was an intolerable obscenity which afflicted him with shame .
` ` why has maleldil made such a thing ? ''
that was the one thing she and ice could agree on .
` ` i ask only one thing in return : never hold anything back from me . ''
the only thing that emerged was a sob .
as ice grabbed bram 's arm again , holding him away from his sister , he wondered the same thing .
- and the last word was no longer the hint of a roar but almost the real thing .
if you made such a thing . ''
` ` as varg is to me , '' tavi added , guessing that it was the proper thing to say .
` ` the same thing they are , cursor , '' gaius said calmly .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , wilson .
` ` just promise me one thing ? ''
we got your back '' thing .
and one thing was for certain : it sure as hell was n't human .
and - '' ` ` i do n't reckon any of them buggers knows the first thing about meteorology , '' said spigot .
no naked little men sat on the summit dispensing wisdom , because the first thing the truly - wise man works out is that sitting around on mountaintops gives you not only haemorrhoids but frostbitten haemorrhoids .
that 's the kind of stupid thing people always say .
i suspect there 's no such thing .
she walked slowly past the video games and into the terminal , sure of only one thing : she did n't dare go out at this hour of the morning .
the only important thing she did n't tell him - because she could n't think of a way to express it - was how unarmed she felt , how totally unprepared for the world .
it was the kind of thing that , when he heard someone say it on tv , made norman laugh cynically and talk about welfare cadillacs and foodstamp millionaires .
` ` and you better share the right thing , ramon .
what scares me the most is having to investigate the most basic premise of my husband 's life , the one thing he never said out loud because he never had to : that the way he treated me was perfectly okay , perfectly normal .
and do n't forget one other thing : i repay .
and of one thing there was absolutely no doubt : it was thinking of rose madder , standing there so fearlessly on top of her hill , that had pulled her through on her first day in the recording studio , when she 'd suffered the panic attack .
fred did this , fred did that , fred did the other thing .
the first thing she told them was that she had terrible backaches , backaches that even lying down in a hot bath could sometimes not ease .
you tell me one thing and i 'll be gone like a cool breeze .
but i 'll tell you one thing , daddy - if that 's who you are - when i find her , i ' m going to unhappen it in a helluva hurry .
that 's the only thing i ' m sure of anymore . ''
and there was old artaxerxes , clinging on to the reins of the sharks , being whirled all over the place too , and saying the most dreadful things to them .
caden wondered the same thing .
i said no such thing , he growled .
caden said the first thing that came to his belabored brain .
her voice was a low thing that throbbed with pain , striking him deep in the chest .
` ` i want one thing very clear , '' ash said .
they said they never meant to imply any such thing .
one thing i was sure of : i did not know her .
sage spat the word as if it was the worst thing he could ever call anyone .
galen asked , the way a child would , trusting that if you said a thing , then it would be true .
apparently , adair and all the others who had witnessed thought the same thing , because no one spoke up .
it 's the only thing i know . ''
the thing about prophecies is ... well , people sometimes read the wrong things into them .
it was such a mom thing to say .
the heat and weight of him triggered something pleasurable within me , even as some part of my brain suddenly started pining for kiyo and recalling every bad thing i 'd ever been taught about gentry .
like a hey , baby , i 'll make you happier type thing .
he said it as though it was the most reasonable thing in the whole world .
the same thing that always happens to rumors with no proof .
` ` i mean , i was ready to accept the whole evil thing , but this is kind of extreme . ` `
i had a feeling bastien was thinking the same thing .
that was the best thing i 'd heard ail day , aside from another possible insight from jody .
he handles every horrible thing i tell him about myself , and he never does anything to cross the sexual line .
his face told me i had said exactly the right thing .
` ` there 's one more thing you need to know .
he had said the same thing , and after weighing everything , i 'd decided it was n't worth being mad at him .
it was the most preposterous thing i 'd ever heard .
after my earlier mishaps , i feared saying the wrong thing .
the stake through the heart thing is hearsay .
` ` he told me the same thing . ''
this had to be weirdest thing i 'd heard since duane 's death .
the demure look she gave me clearly implied she was thinking the same thing .
oh , and by the way , if you do n't mind my observation , i think that has to be the most degrading thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` there 's no such thing , '' his mentor countered back .
what an idiotic thing to say .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i told him after i pointed the same thing out to him .
` ` carter implied the same thing .
despite all the uncertainties in my world , that at least was one thing i could feel confident about .
jerome had said almost the exact same thing about roman .
in those brief seconds , i shape - shifted my sparkly cocktail dress to the first thing that came to mind : my green foil elf dress .
niphon was probably afraid of the same thing : being punished for helping my case .
i would ' ve run off with the sure thing . ''
the only thing i was fairly certain of was that it probably did n't matter .
grudgingly accepting the man i loved was going to marry one of my best friends was one thing .
it drove home the double date thing even more and also made me feel guilty about maddie 's blind trust .
the oneroi had said the same thing , and thinking back to the storm of color and disorder , i could understand their reasoning .
` ` we were going to ask you the same thing . ''
it was a nervous gesture , and it meant that he wondered the same thing .
i rode with the wild hunt , and truth , harsh or kind , was the only thing i could speak this night .
the only thing i could think was that the lightning had ruined their vision as it had ruined mine .
i said the only thing i could think of when a man offers me oral sex .
they petitioned the queen for me , and she said almost the same thing taranis had said : ' what use is a one - armed seamstress to me ? ' ''
` ` she would , which makes it unlikely that he would have such a thing , but i do not like the fact that he and his followers are in the middle of the road , demanding things from us . ''
dilys asked , but her voice was not the burning thing it had been .
there was only one reason that my eyes and my fingers were n't telling me the same thing .
surely there is one good thing you can say about him . ''
the truth was , given everything he 'd just described , she would think the very same thing if their positions were reversed .
` ` and that was a real shitty , cop - out thing for you to say , just for the record . ''
she frowned at him , stunned he would ask such a thing .
it was the exact same thing he 'd been telling himself since she 'd lifted his fingers from her chest , from over her beating heart , and kissed the tips .
but will you tell me one thing first ? ''
she 'd been in such a fabulous mood earlier , thinking of spending the night with him , but the whole thing about him being here temporarily had put a damper on her elation .
he said it almost as if he were puzzled , but it was the exact same thing she told herself over and over when she was trying to calm down .
` ` i know one thing she is .
he nodded , knowing she saw the same thing he did : maddie 's ghostly spirit clinging to her flesh .
if you promise me one thing . ''
his eyes sparkled when he laughed , as if i had said the cutest thing he 'd ever heard .
if there 's one thing i know about him , he will do anything to protect his family from mathias .
that was the wrong thing for her to say if she wanted him to take this slow and savor the experience of being with her .
tell me the last thing you recall . ''
then again , she 'd thought the same thing about marrok 's immortality , and that had bitten her in the ass .
` ` the same thing i assume that made you issue it : it was impossible to resist . ''
those explosive bursts around the upside down m only meant one thing : the anarki .
duke shot him a glance , and lucan wondered if he was thinking the same thing : valuable in what way ?
cecil and i both thought the same thing : we thought it 's almost as if we 'd lost the war .
` ` making things clear is the one thing the d.d .
they were intelligent , which is not always the same thing . ''
` ` it tells us one thing straightaway , '' said denniston .
it was the sort of silly jocularity one used in the progressive element - the kind of thing that might be said a dozen times a day in bracton about an opponent or even about a bore .
little by little the whole thing came out .
but mr . maggs thought all the time simply of one thing : that this was the day he had counted on all through his sentence , that he had expected by this time to be having his tea at home with ivy ( she 'd have got something tasty for him the first night ) and that it had n't happened .
but i do n't know the other thing you said . ''
` ` that , '' said silas , ` ` was a very rude thing to say .
asked bod , but it was the wrong thing to have said , for mistress owens looked dark as a thunder - cloud , and bod hurried out of the tomb before she could express her displeasure more forcefully .
not the sort of thing you expect to hear .
after everything he had been through that night , after everything that had happened , this was somehow the hardest thing to take .
the only thing i could get clear was that they think they ' ve found the body of one of these lords we 're looking for . ''
` ` your majesties and gentlemen and ladies all , '' said rynelf , ` ` there 's just one thing i want to say .
` ` he 'll blurt the whole thing out if we do n't shut him up , '' cried drinian .
the worst thing he could have said .
fate was what it was.i did n't write it- i just carried it out.but that did n't make the knowledge that my own actions would lead to hasani 's death any less crippling.the very thing that i had been born to protect and uphold was now ripping my heart out .
` ` there is one thing , charmian.if you should die while you are back here , every life you have had in the interim will disappear .
` ` but can i just ask one thing ? can i just know one thing ... because i know i will not remember it in my next life anyway . ''
` ` but can i just ask one thing ? can i just know one thing ... because i know i will not remember it in my next life anyway . ''
then after a time some questioned him concerning mavwin and urin and after happenings , and he said : ' now of mavwin hath no sure record been preserved like unto the tale of turin turambar her son , and many things are said and some of them differ from one another ; but this much can i tell to ye , that after those dread deeds the woodfolk had no heart for their abiding place and departed to other valleys of the wood , and yet did a few linger sadly nigh their old homes ; and once came an aged dame wandering through the woods , and she chanced upon that carven rock .
as it stands this sentence can hardly mean other than that the people thought that the men were fighting among themselves ; but why should they think such a thing ?
none are that yet live , ' quoth ailios , ' ' who have seen that most glorious thing , save only ' littleheart son of bronweg , yet are many things told thereof .
he had not been disgusted , or he had not shown it , which came to the same thing .
the thing that krystal had said about obbo ... ( ' she said what ? '
shirley sat and stared at the computer monitor , her thoughts scurrying like mice in a glass bowl , trying to escape , but there was no way out , no firm foothold , no way of climbing back to the happy place she had occupied before she saw that dreadful thing , written in public for the world to see ...
she was afraid that the ghost might come back , that he might say the awful thing again ... she wanted to go home , right now and disable the website ; and while there , she could destroy the epipen once and for all ...
` ` one thing , it explains how boyle knew i was ... you know . ''
` ` he 'd do neither , but why would i tell him any such thing ?
` ` that 's a softheaded thing to say , seeing as i ' m friends with three of them , and one of those stands as my partner as well . ''
better to say nothing , she decided , than say the wrong thing .
she never expected such a thing .
she asked only one thing .
chapter fifteen the most important thing hannah learned the night she summoned rebekah , was that her hundreds of years of roaming the earth would have been easier if she had one more day with luke .
cassie searched her mind for the right thing to say .
sally was the closest thing the group had to an outsider ally , and that was nothing to take lightly .
adam 's breathing slowed , and cassie could sense he was thinking the same thing .
that was the thing rolling around in the back of her mind since they 'd argued the other night , the thing she could n't quite put her finger on .
as you 'll no doubt realize , if roland really meant this , it was a foolish thing to say .
but peter did not have to say any such thing ; the command was clear in his voice and eyes .
` ` i remembered how much you liked to have a boat or two out on the moat sunday afternoons , dad , and ... '' he wanted desperately to say , and i wanted you to take me out with you again sometime , so i made this , but he found he could not utter such a thing .
was the first thing brandon said when he entered dennis 's room and closed the door behind him .
but if you need a doctor to tell you the same thing , tommy '' ( flagg let the smallest note of reproach creep into his voice ) , ` ` then you need only to pull the bell . ''
` ` because if i said such a thing , he would be quicker to tell than if i said nothing , '' ben said finally .
thomas mostly ignoring him was one thing .
in this expression , the dream - ing peter read one thing and one thing only : death .
he was ashamed of his spelling , and terrified he would forget some crucial thing peyna had told him to put in .
it covered both sides of the paper , and was by far the longest thing he had ever written .
` ` why did n't you say so first thing , you dolt ? ''
it was not the correct thing to say , but they have begun to arrive had flustered him badly .
that is the polite thing to say among eagles .
cassie had been thinking the same thing but had n't had the heart to say it aloud .
` ` and another thing , '' her mom said .
cassie knew that was the closest thing to a compliment she was going to get .
` ` i guess you 're a stronger person than i am , '' cassie said , knowing that was the one thing she could say to make faye feel better .
` ` how could you even think such a thing ?
she searched her mind for the right thing to say .
` ` it was n't even close to the same thing .
this was n't a common religion in mid - world , but far from unknown ; that same thing could have been said about most forms of worship in those days , including the worship of baal , asmodeus , and a hundred others .
was not a thing you asked a man .
we are threatened with many evils , and treason not least ; but one thing is not said : that we shall suffer from cowardice , from cravens or the fear of cravens .
in the lay of earendil is many a thing sung of his adventures in the deep and in lands untrodden , and in many seas and in many isles ; but elwing was not with him , and she sat in sorrow by the mouths of sirion .
` ` if i say the wrong thing , she 's like to sew me in a sack of rocks and throw me in her moat '' .
` ` that '' , dunk said , ` ` and one thing more '' .
` ` could only mean one thing . ''
' this is the little thing you send out to the duchess of quirm and the duke of sto helit and people like that , is n't it ? '
it was n't a nice thing to be called , especially by a young lady .
william vaguely remembered something someone had once said : the only thing more dangerous than a vampire crazed with blood lust was a vampire crazed with anything else .
' and you write that little gossipy thing , right ? '
honesty was sometimes not the same thing .
he 'd been thinking the same thing , but : why ?
his grip on reality was at the moment almost as slippery as mr pin 's , and people showing him a potato seemed to mean only one thing .
the odd thing was , though , that those things he wrote were like the wretched sausages he sold - you knew them for what they were , but nevertheless you kept on going to the end , and coming back for more .
' i mean , everyone says that sort of thing , do n't they ?
i ' ve said the same thing about you , once upon a time . ''
she clapped her hands together as though it were the most wonderful thing she 'd ever heard .
there was a lot of tension between him and dorian , but the one thing they both agreed on was that volusian was trouble .
` ` i thought you people had the ability to tell this kind of thing . ''
the only thing i felt certain of was that i was n't quite ready to go over the maps rurik had laid out and examine all the troop placements he had in mind .
` ` no , your highness , no such thing , not in the least , '' barham said hurriedly , even while he looked pure venom at laurence .
he could scarcely have imagined even saying such a thing a year ago ; he did not like to think it now , but honesty put the words into his mouth .
barham scowled , and muttered something not quite intelligible under his breath about lack of discipline ; which was a fine thing coming from a man whom laurence well knew had served during the great naval mutinies of ' 97 , when half the fleet had risen up .
` ` i do not remember a word of it ; but wait , no ; allegiance is the name of the transport , and prince yongxing referred to the emperor as the son of heaven , though why i should have repeated such a blasphemous thing i have no idea . ''
` ` how often , grandfather , you have told me there 's no such thing as chance . ''
and that is the nearest thing to a love - speech that was ever made me .
` ` there 's no such thing , '' i said , loud and stern .
i had come to know bardia very well by now , and i could clearly see that all my difficulty in drawing out his answer came from his fear to say the thing and not from any uncertainty .
` ` i meant no such thing .
the one thing neither of them believed was that anything good or fair came to her in the night .
while i related my first years , when i wrote how redival and i built mud houses in the garden , a thousand other things came back into my mind , all about those days when there was no psyche and no fox - only i and redival .
often when he was teaching me to write in greek the fox would say , ` ` child , to say the very thing you really mean , the whole of it , nothing more or less or other than what you really mean ; that 's the whole art and joy of words . ''
` ` one thing that i told you was true .
i might - chapter one in which there is almost a bath and definitely a trip to the theater i said no such thing , '' grumbled lord maccon , allowing himself , begrudgingly , to be trussed in a new evening jacket .
temeraire had expected more complaining , but quite to the contrary , caesar instead made himself unbearably smug about it , when mr . fellowes had rigged him out with more harness straps , and he made a point of learning the names of all his crew and saying such things as , ` ` mr . derrow , my third lieutenant , has done good work today : very handy managing the distribution of weight across the hindquarters , '' whenever they landed , or , ` ` it is a fine thing to have a proper ground crew , instead of only one or two unofficial attendants , i will say that much : a great advantage , if one would like perhaps to be scrubbed a little , or to have a harness - buckle adjusted just a touch . ''
he inquired hopefully : his voice had not grown lower , but a great deal more resonant in an odd , echoing manner , so that when he spoke it seemed as though several people were talking at once , saying the very same thing .
why did she have to turn the whole thing into an insult ?
` ` and that 's a really rotten thing to say . ''
and it would have explained one thing , '' said howard .
the stone animals were not so intimidating , and now gregor could see that each creature had a fun little song carved next to it , like ` ` bat , bat '' or the thing about the nibblers .
the whole princess costume thing had been a mistake .
she was probably furious about the date thing , too , although she did n't mention it .
` ` look , you know when we were leaving regalia and i said that whole thing about the picnic being a date ?
was the first thing that burst out of gregor 's mouth .
gregor could barely hear the next thing she whispered to howard .
` ` that can only mean one thing , '' said luxa .
` ` not the sort of thing you will want to be shouting out before a battle . ''
so he could only assume one thing .
that could only mean one thing : the rat thought lizzie was the princess in the prophecy , not boots , and now he would want to keep her here .
it was the perfect thing to say to lizzie , who could be almost crippled by shyness herself .
but now that they were in the museum , that seemed like an embarrassing thing to say .
the only thing he could think of was his heart , but the injury seemed down too far for that .
but apparently this was the wrong thing to say because it only set lizzie off on a fresh round of sobs .
she could remember the whole thing by heart .
he wished he had n't said that thing about not liking solovet .
it would n't change one thing .
gregor thought this was the single saddest thing anyone had ever said to him .
it seemed like the best and most important thing to say at the moment .
but he did n't know how to say the other thing , and it was the main reason he did n't want to touch the object in front of him .
so , he stepped into the light of the kitchen and said the one thing he knew she wanted to hear most in the world .
they were fed a big meal : beef stew , bread , mushrooms , those things that reminded gregor of sweet potatoes but were n't , and some kind of cake .
and there was nothing you could say about it because the thing was true .
it was such a silly thing to say in the midst of all the tension that it caught gregor off guard , and he did kind of laugh .
the only thing the members agreed on was that gregor needed to get moving as soon as possible .
gregor said , and everyone looked at him in surprise since it was the first thing he 'd said all morning and the council was currently talking about which way to travel to the labyrinth .
it was absolutely the worst thing he could imagine anybody saying about him .
` ` no one even knows about it yet , or it would ' ve been the first thing i heard about you .
up until that moment , gregor had been secretly half - hoping they 'd gotten the whole thing wrong .
the journey to track down and kill the bane had been dreadful , but if one good thing had come of it , it was that the relationship between gregor and ares had become unshakable .
whenever she had a cold the first thing she got was a cup of juice .
then , of course , the thing was written backward .
` ` and what i said ... that thing about rats not liking their own pups ... '' everybody had stopped what they were doing to listen to him now .
` ` now where to begin ? ... you see , the thing is ... the thing you have to understand is that the humans and the rats were not always so consumed with hatred for each other .
it was the funniest thing gregor had ever heard , and now he was laughing .
boots and temp chatted back and forth in cockroach while gregor mulled the whole thing over , trying to make sense of it .
it 's kind of weird to me that you 're married , '' said gregor , and then wondered if that was a really obnoxious thing to say .
' cwhich was a terrible thing to say to two dimples in leather .
what a thing to come out with !
and one thing i am certain of is that in a war no one is going to say that the other side is made up of very nice people .
' please tell me the interesting thing about ships , ' she said .
she 'd hate to say the wrong thing .
it was a sad thing to have to say , but carter , farting or otherwise , was a wonderful example of charisntma .
that 's not the sort of thing we want to hear . '
it was nearly the same thing renald had said to thulin .
it was practically the only thing they did agree upon .
those with too much sense - or perhaps too little - whispered that such portents could mean only one thing .
it seemed to have been the right thing to say , for meidani straightened , taking heart and nodding .
surely the woman had guessed the same thing .
the only thing i can say is that you will need to repeat these weaves exactly , and do so while undergoing extreme distraction .
` ` the same thing i told you an hour ago .
` ` your sister has , by all reports , made a very admirable showing for herself in andor , '' lelaine said , as if she had n't said nearly the exact same thing the last three times she 'd met with gawyn .
the wise one nodded , as if she had thought this same thing .
` ` i barely know them anymore , and i suspect they would say the same thing of me . ''
was she really so tired that she blabbed the first thing that came to her mind ?
with all that was wrong in the world , this one thing was right again .
i want to hear the whole thing . ''
however this storm blows through , you ' ve proven one thing .
sheriam 's horror at the end indicated that she might have been thinking that very thing as the axe took her head .
` ` i do n't regret a thing . ''
in effect , we said one thing , but the other person heard another thing entirely . ''
in effect , we said one thing , but the other person heard another thing entirely . ''
` ` i only ask one thing .
` ` you were n't here to ... '' his pain increased , and she realized she 'd said the wrong thing .
arganda held his tongue , though he obviously was thinking that very thing .
` ` and if they are saying the same thing right now ? ''
` ` and you say the same thing about perrin .
but if there was one thing morgase had learned from her months as maighdin it was that people needed to be doing something productive , even if it was something as simple as learning to serve tea .
fight among themselves though they might , they were always eager to pounce on a man who said the wrong thing , even if it was the truth .
` ` thank you very much for the advice '' , elayne said , ` ` which i will ignore , as i ignored birgitte when she said the same thing .
` ` rand '' , perrin said , ` ` that 's the most reasonable thing anyone has said on this topic .
` ` the third and final price - the last thing you will pay me in exchange for my life on the slopes of shayol ghul - is this : i command your armies for the last battle .
` ` if i ' ve learned one thing traveling with the lord dragon , that is it .
selucia could teach sandpaper a thing or two about being tough .
` ` elayne said much the same thing '' .
light , but he 'd been difficult to deal with lately - but she 'd thought the same thing about her parents on occasion .
of course these ... men ... would claim such a thing .
` ` its the only thing that makes sense .
` ` i knew that you would ask this thing , gambler ! ''
well , he supposed there were things he 'd say the same thing about .
it 's the one thing i can hold on to right now that makes sense . ''
` ` this was by far the strangest thing i ' ve been told , by any guy . ''
which might have been the sexiest thing any man - or male djinn - had ever said to me in my life .
the last thing he 'd said to me , in a flat , angry monotone , had been , you broke him , you fix him .
a substantial number of wardens probably did n't want him around at all , and an even greater number thought he was useful but did n't trust a thing he had to say .
probably was n't the smartest thing to say to a djinn willing to take on jonathan in a straight - up dogfight for control of the djinn world .
i put it down to chemical irritants in the air - one thing you ca n't say about the demon universe is that it 's polluted .
` ` do n't you say such a thing ! ''
` ` oh , no , do n't ask such a thing ! ''
` ` joseph , it 's not wise to say such a thing , '' the teacher said .
he said it in a whisper but we all heard it and at once the women cried out low and secretly to him that he must not say such a thing , and joseph told him firmly there would be no talk of staying .
and many others said the same thing .
an angel had come , an angel to my mother , and no man had been my father , but what did such a thing mean ?
i did think of those things ... but i loved this place .
i 'll tell you one thing about caesar .
` ` what 's this thing you want to say ? ''
` ` and the virgin mother , who could believe such a thing . ''
` ` stop , we do not know any such thing , '' said joseph .
it was almost always the first thing he told a new acquaintance , that the essenes had asked him to go .
this was a dangerous thing to say even in the farthest corner of the empire .
everyone will see and know this thing . ''
he didn , t tell her that celeste had said the same thing .
celeste told the press the same thing .
i , ll tell you the sad thing here .
` ` that , s the most insulting and demeaning thing i ever heard , '' celeste stormed .
he told phil pretty much the same thing .
` ` i , m older than you and i never heard any such thing - . ''
` ` but there , s one more thing i must tell you about what happened to me on that island , '' he said .
` ` understand one thing more .
of course that was hardly the only thing i wanted .
` ` you meant one thing and something else came out . ''
seems my dad said the same thing once , when my mother was scoffing at the very idea . ''
` ` yes , phil always said the same thing , '' reuben said .
` ` i ca n't believe such a thing , that a person would n't know she was dead .
and lisa said the most horrible thing !
` ` if you 'd ever taught your son one practical thing in this world about being an adult , '' celeste went on , ` ` things might be different now .
how could i turn you down on such a thing ? ''
` ` i just broke down and told them the whole thing .
this was reuben 's first chance to tell her about the forest gentry , to tell her the strange and moving things that elthram had said about her , and having known her when she walked the forest with her father .
` ` that 's the dreariest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' said fiona .
` ` the same thing you hope for , and that she 's forgiven me for all the things i did that were wrong , and unwise , and foolish .
` ` in my own way , my young and naive way , i felt the same thing the first day i came here .
` ` and let me tell you one last thing , '' said reuben .
only one answer kept coming up for air , and it was the one thing i knew king would do almost anything for .
` ` good because there 's only one thing that i want . ''
but what about the thing mack said ?
` ` can i ask you one last thing ? ''
` ` that was a shitty thing to say . ''
` ` so your teachers taught you one thing , and when you came home , your dad taught you another .
he was also mildly sensitive , the closest thing they had to a medium .
` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned tonight , '' i said , ` ` it 's that the holy grail is not the only path to healing . ''
so she hung out at my place most nights watching tv cops strut around saying things like , ` ` this time it 's personal , '' and ` ` i 'll have your badge for that ! ''
` ` but do n't be surprised if he comes to you saying the same thing . ''
i rose slowly , scrambling to think of the right thing to say .
luckily we 'd reached the crime scene then , so i did n't have to get into the whole thing about how i avoided all magic , especially when it changed my skin color .
` ` this for one thing .
` ` yeah , she basically said the same thing when i told her . ''
the first thing i grabbed was my gun .
why had i said such a stupid thing out loud ?
` ` but that 's the funniest thing you ' ve ever said .
` ` one thing i 'll say for you prosperos : you 're all fighters . ''
` ` i will never owe you a fucking thing . ''
` ` the only thing i owe either of you is a bullet . ''
` ` this thing is true , i assure you . ''
` ` sure thing , lm .
` ` but despite every horrible thing you believe about me , you know i vowed to you that i would never harm your brother . ''
` ` a couple hours ago , i wondered the same thing about you . ''
` ` here 's the most important thing you need to know .
i do n't have an answer , and when i asked zach the same thing , all he said was something about ' orders . ' ''
the closest thing i could compare it to was a gargantuan pyramid .
` ` i have crabs , '' i blurted out , saying the first gross thing that came to mind .
add that to his revelation , and the wall was the only thing holding me up .
that was the last thing i wanted to hear .
even feeling mrs . paulson 's blood react to the demon gateway paled by comparison , and that meant one thing : something hallowed was here .
or tell him that i 'd come back for him , or tell him the most important thing of all .
drinking a bottle of wine with a guy at his place would only lead to one thing , but my body said something altogether different .
that was the only thing i 'd come up with .
that being said , there 's such a thing as too much of a good thing .
evidently , it was the wrong thing to say because she picked up her head and unbuckled her seatbelt .
levi noticed my reaction and cast me the closest thing to an understanding look he had in his repertoire .
` ` i could be asking you the same thing .
i 'd almost said the same thing .
i hoped i 'd say the same thing about casey at some point , but there were feelings and urges there that i needed to get rid of first .
and if that was the case , did the same thing apply to pterons mating with pterons ?
i knew i could n't hope the same thing for myself .
i ca n't say the same thing for the bears and wolves i 'd known .
the harder thing to shrug off was the prickling in my back .
at least i did n't have to worry about saying the wrong thing .
i wanted to know the same thing .
i blurted out the first thing that came to my mind .
the look on the twins ' faces let me know i 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` i was thinking the same thing , but i did n't want to worry about it yet .
` ` i wonder if you 'd say the same thing about me being a king . ''
i was n't thinking the same thing hours later when the last of the taffy was gone .
` ` it 's real , but if it was a dream i 'd be saying the same thing , would n't i ? ''
not going to say the same thing about my front ? ''
after seeing what the witches could do , i knew one thing .
` ` that , '' he said seriously , ` ` is the first reasonable thing you ' ve said since i got here . ''
but in the end , even a cool boss like him could n't change my mind on one thing : colonial america was a dive .
it was quite possibly the stupidest thing i 'd ever said , more so than the happiness and pain comment in the elevator .
clyde said the same thing . ''
sort of a ' if i ca n't have him , no one can ' thing ? ''
it was such a typical seth thing to say .
i 'd said the exact same thing to starla .
when i finished , he pretty much said the same thing kurtis had .
` ` jesus christ '' is the first thing she says .
but there is no doubt about one thing : having sandra with me is hell .
it all boils down to the same thing : are you going to play the cards you got , or are you going to fold ?
` ` it 's mine , '' was the first thing i said , not taking my hands off it .
caroline could n't think of a single thing to say .
parents teach you a lot of things , but the most important thing they teach you is this : how people will f**k you up in the future .
i went through the same thing when ed died .
minna and his mom were treating him like he was a psych case , like he might go on a shooting rampage if they said the wrong thing .
` ` what 's the fourth thing ? ''
the only thing he ever gave me was advice .
that s not the same thing , and you know it .
what a terribly sweet thing to say !
i m going to tell him i got the whole thing wrong .
the last thing she wanted to force down her throat was a slice of black bottom pie .
at his doorway , she could nt resist asking one more thing .
but is nt that thing over a thousand pages long ?
she often thought the same thing .
walter , knowing that he had said the wrong thing , sighed as he glanced over to emma and lizzie .
you should nt have been sneakin off down to that creek cause you done went and saw me naked now and that only means one thing and that is , wes in love !
i 'll tell you one thing right now , i do n't want no scratches on that henry .44 , zack said as he held out his rifle for aaron to take .
that 's a heck of a thing to say about your friend , omar told him .
there is very little that i would not do to oblige you , miss kirke , but this one thing i will not .
she did not know if the rest was a prevarication , but it was the sort of thing a person might lie about to spare another from grief .
mr . and mrs . douglas met with the other head doctor , samuel skinner , who told them basically the same thing that dr . cline had told the mccallaughs .
the only thing that went through their minds was that they had to get as far away as possible .
did you want me to rewrite the entire thing at midnight ?
however , finding myself exiled to bath is not an ordinary circumstance : it is almost a declaration of war ; and one thing i learned from de retz , is that there is a distinct art , to transforming adverse circumstances into ones good fortune .
you will say , perhaps , that there is nothing to prevent me from walking into the card - room if i wish , and appraising such matters for myself , instead of waiting impatiently for a bulletinbut if you say such a thing you will be quite wrong , for i am as firmly banished from those paste - board temples as miss barr , with this difference , that while mrs . smithton only desires to remain undisturbed , my mother wishes to maintain the fiction , 1 ) that her insistence that i accompany her to bath was a wise and excellent decision ; 2 ) that i have made a most favorable impression upon society here , and am spending my days forming friendships with high - ranking persons whose names are neither parry nor merrion ; and 3 ) that despite the fact that she is my mother , there is really no connection between herself and that fashionably - dressed but otherwise insignificant young lady with the limp and the astonishing lack of charm .
frances declared , saying the first thing that came into her head .
strange , michael said , a lot of my patients tell me the same thing .
you can stop simpering for one thing .
what an outrageous thing to say !
and she had taught them wonderful things about healing with plants and unconditional love , but not enough .
in his mind that could only mean one thing and he was nt sure if he could handle that right now .
tyler said , this makes me very happy , but there is one more thing the girls must hear .
as she was leaving sarah said just one more thing to stick in my mind .
it seemed such an obvious thing to say .
one thing i did nt tell my daughter ; since all dimensions must , by definition , be coextensive , that is all present everywhere at once , you do nt need a cold spot to get into them , were already there .
when thomas and father joseph spoke it was as if i d said some terrible thing .
it suddenly became clear when angharad told me something about this last scene , a thing i d not told her .
from what i ve said it should be no surprise , but there s one thing more .
as i drove frances back up the a1 , through the afternoon traffic , there was only one thing in my mind and i sang it , were poor little lambs , that have lost our way , baa , baa , baa .
there is one more thing i must tell you about our relics ; the marbles are held safe by my brothers , they shall be honoured in our hands , but the sword is in your hands and can not be taken from you .
she said a very wise and sensible thing .
as i stood up he added , one more thing : i m really sorry if you re distressed by this , but i know you re a professional and i can trust you to keep on delivering this show .
tell me one thing : why do you stay with pits if you feel that way ?
no , you explained each thing ; that s not the same .
a fine jewish - looking man , their father used to say teasingly , as if there were such a thing .
the plus mark meant only one thing : the killing of the child .
no matter how loud he yelled , no matter how many times he says the same thing , no one hears him .
the only thing that i can promise is that i will have my bow ready .
the next thing that you are going to say is that , if we did it once , we can do it again .
some of the young men must be thinking the same thing about jehanne , because they are always looking at her when we walk through the village .
they were saying the same thing , pierre comments .
you may go after i tell you one more thing .
the only thing that i can tell you is that he is doing well .
the only thing that i can say is that daniel always knows what he is doing .
embarrassed , vincenzo sought for the appropriate thing to say .
he gazed about at the beauty of the serene setting , subsequently adding one more thing , ` ` someday i will be here , too . ''
i assume that they did not get the poem , or that would have been the first thing out of your mouth .
he paused for a moment , struggling to think of what to say , and then he continued , but let me add just one thing .
how can you say such a thing when you know very well that my mama has her heart set on the marquess for me ?
well now , miss , i could teach you a thing or two about taking care of yourself , if you d like .
i just want to know one thing .
you do nt know one thing about london and the danger on the streets , especially near the docks .
shed best have a word with angel first thing in the morning .
i am forever saying the wrong thing , i fear . ''
if by forcing her to remain here in her disheveled clothes , attacking her with his insolent questions , and implying things that were not true he sought to put her off balance , he had another thing coming .
besides , i 'd wager they all say much the same thing .
` ` and i 'll tell you another thing .
` ` what a wicked thing to say ! ''
what a foolish thing to say to one 's husband .
` ` i daresay that 's the closest thing to a compliment i ' ve yet to hear from you . ''
the sun was shining , sparkling on the water and glowing green through the ivy that choked the trees that surrounded him , and if he did n't know anything else , he bloody well knew one thing : it was going to be a beautiful day .
and as he rode home that night , he recalled lucien 's words : just promise me one thing ... that if you get in over your head , you 'll contact me .
` ` really , jon , if you think he 's stupid enough to drink anything you offer him before the fight , you ' ve got another thing com- '' ` ` i do n't need him to drink anything , woodford .
` ` there is one thing i would ask .
what was it about this man that caused her to say the first thing that popped into her head ?
and although nick realized he had never heard the man say a kind thing about his former home , perhaps captain jenkins could shed some light on sarahs way of life .
` ` that 's the one thing i ' m sure of .
what a strange thing to say , athena thought .
if there s one thing that can be said about him , its that he loves his privacy .
she dismissed the thought immediately , for if the servants were being questioned , they would surely admit the same thing .
i would never think such a thing about you .
they basically said the same thing and the people were indifferent about the message .
she was certain of one thing , however ; those eyes betokened an inner strength , a certitude of purpose .
that s a dreadful thing to say .
but would he hear of such a thing ?
there was a silence , and , to smooth over the awkward moment , she said the first thing that came into her head .
i m afraid you ve hit unerringly on the one thing i was determinednotto be tempted by .
what a ridiculous thing to say .
the next thing he would say would be , come lie down , and then before christine knew it , blast it , she would be in the arms of another man !
mademoiselle , you can not demand such a thing !
no such thing ?
meg considered her for a momentchristine supposed she was still angry about the whole tannenbaum thing , though they had been on speaking terms again for a little while nowand then apparently decided to be polite .
erik had nt been certain what to do , unused to seeing such abject despondency in the girl , and had thoughtlessly said the first thing that came to mindthat , if she wanted , he would play something for her .
blast it , how could i have forgotten such a thing ? !
you have nt been listening to a thing i ve said !
take back the terrible thing you said !
one other thing , which i m sure you guessed .
please just remember the writers of history are also storytellers ; the one thing of which we can be sure is that our pasts are never quite as we suppose them to be .
i nodded , although part of me wanted to deny my name and flee from whatever awful thing i was about to learn .
i can not say if its true for them , but i can guarantee you , dear reader , that such a thing exists .
i was not exactly at a loss of words , but the words that occurred to me when i considered that save for a quirk of fate , ma bichette really would have had been lost to me , were not exactly the sort of thing i felt comfortable sharing at the time .
that was a suspiciously upbeat thing to say .
and just as the ancestral school project is the only such young academic endeavor i recall , this is the sole thing i remember him ever having said to me .
even as a nine - year - old , that story struck me hard as the saddest thing i d ever heard .
the best thing about soviet rule , from the dolhinov jewish perspective , is that it is nt nazi rule .
but the wisest thing karl marx ever said , which stands despite the errors of practically all the rest of his philosophy , was that even the educator must be educated .
that seems like a very foolish and conceited thing to say .
there was no way he could know such a thing , unless dysri had told him .
but let me tell you a thing or so about india .
but ' t is not a thing easy to spell out . ''
` ` one thing more i will tell you .
` ` that 's the one thing i ca n't tell you .
` ` will you believe my word , sworn before god , that i have told his excellency that very thing ?
hawksworth turned and looked into his eyes , suddenly realizing that vasant rao was the closest thing he had to a friend in india .
out of curiosity he had once inquired of the jesuits how exactly a king such as himself could become a christian , and the very first thing they had said was he must select only one of all his wives and dismiss the rest .
and here , my english , i found the other thing i searched for .
but i agree with you about one thing .
` ` you know , it troubles me that a feringhi would conclude the same thing i have .
` ` will you tell me one thing more ? ''
in truth , i was beginning to wonder the same thing .
` ` but i can tell you one thing for sure : jacques le basque created a new society on northern hispaniola , and tortuga . ''
i know one thing ; every englishman here 'll sail for you , or i ' m not a christian . ''
his enthusiasm for her did endear him , if puzzle them slightly ( he tried to say a thing or two they did nt understand ) and those at a romantic age her grandfather and the lad gave him marks for how in love he was .
or they had no such thing in their heads .
if ... if i am unlucky , i ask a thing .
if i m flogged to death before i m fifteen , temujin , i can tell you one thing : i never groveled .
though that s a silly thing to say .
is that an odd thing to say ?
i will tell you the same thing that i told the police over here that day .
hold that boy up , i wan na see his face while i teach him a thing or two , he ordered them .
they never said any such thing before they died . ''
what if the twins or little kate heard you say such a shocking thing ? ''
and i would not change one thing about our last few weeks . ''
he wondered that very same thing .
he knew she would not miss the meaning of such a thing .
and then he said the most extraordinary thing .
he would never admit such a thing aloud , though .
` ` what makes you think such a thing ? ''
annie responded as he handed her the putter , ` ` well , what you told me to do was the true thing .
` ` that 's the best thing you 're to be saying this whole night . ''
it was for her that there was only one thing to say .
there 's no such thing as a sure thing .
so do n't be sayin ' such a thing . ''
conor did n't know that but it sounded like the right thing to say .
is this to be really you telling me such a thing ?
i did n't carry these things clear across the country to hear that .
that was the last thing she expected him to say .
as much as she cared for tatiana - she was the closest thing helena had to a sister - she did n't really want her to join the family as cassius 's wife .
but what if he said the wrong thing ?
how incredibly ridiculous to even think such a thing !
` ` there is no good that can come of admitting such a thing as love . ''
officer stanley was looking at her intently with his deep brown eyes , like he could see right through her , seeing the very thing she was hesitant to reveal to him .
she knew they had accomplished one thing , which was that angelina seemed at ease and herself again .
the thought scared her and she did nt want others suggesting the same thing .
just know one thing : i am not a criminal and i did nt steal these coins .
so my daughter could still be making the thing up about the owl saving her ?
so on that theory , the admiration between you and your mother would account for the ability of the two of you to pick up on what each other is thinking without having to say a thing .
trying not to smile , she said , can we not talk about this first thing in the morning ?
there they will hook him up to all this fancy equipment and they promise sam he is nt going to feel any pain and is nt going to remember a thing .
imagine such a thing !
how dare he say such a thing !
and yet , he acknowledged , how could he keep such a thing from his family ?
i know what you and harriet have is a thing apart , sandy said after a moment .
how can you even think such a thing !
` ` i am certain of no such thing . ''
i know no such thing , and anyway , i ' m not looking to marry right now .
that 's one thing i ' ve learned , even if it came too late for my own sons .
light and bright and sparkling and never seeming to worry over knowing the right thing to say or what other people will think of her .
it sounds a strange thing to say about anyone so relaxed and amiable as he is , but edward is a private person , in many ways .
the moment the words left my mouth , i realised it was nt the most tactful thing i could have said .
i am not sure it was exactly the right thing to saybut it did get caroline to speak to me .
do you know , i should have thought that would be the kind of thing i d be able to remember .
but at the same time , susan was the closest thing daisy had to a friend , and did nt like the thought of her maybe stepping out with a man .
but you did n't have your baby , daisy cried , knowing it was a cruel thing to say but she could n't help herself .
as if denying having said any such thing .
so he said the only thing he could say , i do nt know , alinda .
i have just leafed through these pages and see that the last thing he said was , along with tears , i am forgiven and it is as if with those final words , and with those tears , he closed all doors and windows and sealed them shut .
: as the final word struck the airas colin paled at their arrivalmyron lawless knew that they had been the precisely wrong thing to say .
i , i do nt know what , i tried to say the polite thing , the soothing thing , i guess .
i , i do nt know what , i tried to say the polite thing , the soothing thing , i guess .
and that was the last thing colin lawless said .
a man who calls himself ash says things to him on and off in - between sleep and food .
all he said , thoughand so flatly that his voice sounded almost indifferentwas : i might ask you the same thing .
first thing he said to me was that i looked like his son .
second thing he said was that his son was a dirty pinko who was nt welcome at his home anymore .
what a terribly mundane thing to say .
there s no such thing , i scoffed .
on the ten hour or so bus ride back to my home i nursed the wild turkey and came up with many a beautiful and eloquent thing to say to convince ma bichette to come and live with me in reno , things that i promptly forgot the next day .
on the ten hour or so bus ride back to my home i nursed the wild turkey and came up with many a beautiful and eloquent thing to say to convince ma bichette to come and live with me in reno , things that i promptly forgot the next day .
its the only thing i can promise at this point .
how does one feel such a thing ?
because be assured of one thing , you will be all alone if you persist in this path .
who has ever heard me say such a thing ?
that s the most preposterous thing i ve heard all day .
your baal religion would allow that her lust for this particular boy is a new pathology in her , said mathan , ( in noawadays language he would say : her pedophillia ) , all the physicians whom i ve asked about that , say the same thing : she would nt become cured - unless she gets that boy .
oh , that is the kindest thing i have ever heard , mr lever .
there was a moments pause , then philip spoke , there is one more thing you ought to know .
it 's like they 're saying one thing but really talking about something else .
that s one thing i agree with julie on .
tony carmody was wondering if he d said the wrong thing to his fiancee recently , and caused worry .
every mornin he woke up , first thing he said was how many days and a wakey he had left .
that s another thing i m looking forward to telling her one day .
he remembers her sweet words , jared , before i leave i want you to understand one thing .
brown : bad news , arnold did nt say a thing .
the fact that he was speaking to me in english now , could only mean one thing he thought i was too stupid to speak french .
every tribe said the same thing do nt go further , it is too dangerous .
the one thing they would agree on was that it would be years before they met again .
it was just an odd thing to say , and annoyed a number of people in the room as i could see by the expressions on their faces .
the indians gave various answers , but were sure of one thing the river was near its end .
that was apparently the right thing to say , for she smiled and gave me a long kiss .
` ` i ' ve sort of been thinking the same thing .
i m sorry was the only thing i could think to say after i hung up .
it seemed like the most reasonable thing to say .
i was also going to have to call paul and tell him that in all those years of childhood roughhouse , at least one thing he taught me actually worked .
this seems an odd thing to tell you .
i assume i told them the same thing you did what happened , when it happened , who did what -- your basic incident report for their log .
he stood up and let himself out of the room thanks for your help , was the last thing i heard as the door closed .
anyway , it seemed like the right thing to say at the time .
it was such an agonizing thing for her to have to tell and he was sorry he had asked .
his longing for his own home told him one thing , his duty to his country another .
i did nt know no such of a thing !
it was more of a considerate , keep - your - voice - down sort of thing .
i would have thought the same thing before it happened .
it may have been the most difficult thing sarah ever had to say out loud .
hixson was in danger of losing his wife , emma thought , and needed to know a thing or two .
he had said the wrong thing to dinan , put him on the defensive .
just this morning i read that i wanted to make a confession to captain schaack but i never said any such thing to the states attorney .
the only sure thing he could count on was the promise of heaven , of the life to come , of salvation .
one other thing , trude said .
there is one thing to be said , though , and i want you to say that i ve been treated like a son by warden dement and his wife , and so has every prisoner here .
it was the wrong thing to say to a pair of attorneys who were devoted to the pursuit of justice .
it was the wrong thing to say before judge tuthill .
when out of the princes earshot the woman said , imagine him saying such a thing , and he s betrothed .
you say such a thing .
i say such a thing .
i want to know one thing , he said , his eyes red and swollen .
he fell deeper into slumber , dreaming the warmth on his face was an - khi promising him every sweet thing he wished to hear .
that was the same thing i heard at the ptah temple .
ill probably tell yer tha wrong thing , an then ell be arter me .
never had i felt such a thing before .
i am sick and tired of always hearing the same thing , said brother martin , supporting brother george .
jack must have been thinking the same thing because he led my horse to the column base i 'd been sitting on .
how could you think such a thing after ... '' after the connection we 'd made .
` ` you let jack think i told you about his visit to patrick , '' i said , choosing the one thing i knew the answer to .
the one thing i could absolutely blame him for without a doubt .
i m thinking that that s the first thing you ve said all day that does , sam assured him .
ai nt no such a thing , he replied .
i was just a while ago thinking the same thing when i rode up , sam admitted .
` ` i am a sea - going man and sawney 's mother has said the same thing to me more than once .
that is the saddest thing i think i have ever heard , i say .
pity , was the only thing the major said while maintaining his bored expression .
so , she replied with the only thing that came to mind .
it was , and i am going to have to change one thing , if we keep this up , said martha .
when the last thing i said to her the last thing she said to me i snip off that train of thought and immediately confront another , almost equally horrifying one : all thisthe storm , the flood , the deathmeans noahs one god is real .
when the last thing i said to her the last thing she said to me i snip off that train of thought and immediately confront another , almost equally horrifying one : all thisthe storm , the flood , the deathmeans noahs one god is real .
and if you think you re just going to leave me here to dust the walls , you ve got another thing coming , she demanded .
i have nt thought about food all day , but the last thing i had was breakfast .
it was supposedly the last thing beethoven ever said .
aunt melly held his hands tightly as if what she was about to say was the most important thing she would ever say in her entire life .
wade glared at beau , angry that he would say such a thing about his mother .
i have one more thing to tell you , baby , then i want you to leave this room , and do nt look back .
i am deeply remorseful that my actions could have possibly led you to believe such a thing .
emily did not marry mr . hayes , and i can not imagine why ella would write such a thing , for she knows that is nt true .
emilys face turned pale , oh wade , i never wrote such a thing and it is nt true .
that was the last thing i could think of .
who could have written such a thing ?
wade stared at her curiously , for it seemed as if ella had said the exact same thing .
his pa had always said the same thing .
i ve learned one thing , war is not for a human with a heart .
that thought had already crossed toms mind , so he was confident his ma was thinking the same thing .
the only thing he was nt sure of was the fact that those men spent their lives alone .
i know one thing for sure , even when you feel you have no other choice , it does nt get any easier .
lunette will be having a thing or two to say about this , should we fail to clean it out proper when were finished .
i tell you , ben , there is such a thing as love at first sight i know , because that 's what we felt .
in japan , the newspapers tell us that the english and the americans are evil , but i am sure that your newspapers will tell you the same thing about the japanese .
alright , alright , i believe you , said ben with a disarming tone , one other thing that i believe , right now .
despite matron vero 's controlling hand , setsu was sure of one thing : she was aching to see ben again .
one thing i want to say is that i feel so happy and free when i am with you .
the last thing ben expected to hear on the other side of the planet was an east midland accent .
what if he said the wrong thing ?
do you know what an absurd thing it is you have just said to me , when you , my lord , are the adventurer ?
to have said such a thing !
pray forget that i said such a wicked thing .
he repeated the very thing mr . hemyock had said to that young man who tends the horses only he said , unlike you , i have no hesitation in using my fisticuffs with an inferior , and then he struck him down with one blow .
there is one thing i think you ought to know , miss currivard said .
how easy it was for him to say such a thing to her when he had been able to we d the woman he loved , but what of her ?
as though i give a fig for such a thing .
she began , however , with what disturbed her most , then you do not blame him for thinking such a thing of me ?
wh - why would you say such a thing ?
he stared down at her trying to comprehend how she could possibly believe such a thing .
he looked down at her , wishing only one thing , that she were still locked in his arms .
i will not hear of such a thing .
you must understand one thing , he said forcefully .
that is a very wise thing for you to say , horace , indeed , it is .
i wish to tempt much more than your heart , my darling , what a scandalous thing to say , she said .
adrian was hoping he had forgotten the whole thing when on the day which marked the third week also his day of pay , his father caught him by the collar just as he was kissing his mother goodbye .
she began to blush , as if maybe she said the wrong thing , or maybe should n't have spoken at all .
another thing before i let you go .
one thing , remember one thing , if nothing else .
one thing , remember one thing , if nothing else .
granted , it was not a real battle , but was n't that the very thing that the prince had said today .
i must know one thing ; did they seem to be inspecting the arms ?
it did not matter what you meant when you said the wrong thing .
and you are right in supposing such a thing .
milord , at first i thought of the very same thing , but then i realized that he has never seen me before .
promise me one thing victoria , it is very important .
one thing more i ask of you , adrian .
now , what did you say to me when we were laying stone for the new wall when i said the same thing ?
one thing that i do nt understand is this .
i would just say one thing in hopes that it will help .
one thing did not necessarily lead to another for michael ; nothing could be taken for granted .
she had few ideas about what she was going to eat ; she only knew one thing for sure , it would go with red wine .
the first thing i ' m going to show you is some blocks .
one thing she had always promised herself was that she would never get mixed up with a guy who was tied down with kids .
as soon as it was out of her mouth , tatum knew she 'd said the wrong thing .
she 's finally here was the last thing tatum thought before everything went dark .
but i 'll tell you one thing : if you work like crazy , you 'll come to display capabilities that you never knew you had -- potentials that you always possessed , but never tapped . ''
was the first thing that ashamini said .
` ` i do n't know where you would hear such a thing except maybe from a certain lieutenant commander who shall remain nameless since we do n't want to upset the army .
mama - san never said any such thing .
an okinawan doctor told me the same thing about my body .
though he doubted she felt the freedom to ask such a thing , he still wished she would have !
clearly , because i seem to remember you saying you d not shame her by even asking such a thing yet if it were a misunderstanding .
what i m trying to say is that whatever my sins , that is one thing i can give you that i ve given no one else .
how can you say such a thing how can you think it ?
saira also promised the same thing as they completed the second round .
i will let you know one thing .
i almost laughed , not at the answer , but that leah said the same thing every time .
marys face softened and archie sensed he d said the right thing .
if that s what rose thought and had the temerity to say it to her face , the whole town would be saying the same thing .
i ve often asked myself this very thing .
i was thinking the same thing , said matt .
ben did not say anything , but he knew he and parkman were probably thinking the same thing .
` ` one thing i learned in the war was not to charge ' til you know the lay of the land up ahead .
` ` i was thinkin ' the same thing , '' morgan said .
for one thing this is your room .
one thing you must learn about your mother is that no one makes her do anything .
at least they could agree on one thing , that they hated the christians .
while these were only rumors , richard knew one thing for certain ; she was not with him .
the last thing richard said to will as they sat side - by - side on a bench in the rustic garden , was , i will get her back , will .
one thing i can tell you is that shouting will not resolve this matter .
have you ever heard me call you such a thing ?
the last thing in the world she wanted to hear was her sisters plotting to dump cornell .
i guess i thought the same sort of thing .
she could nt consider any such thing .
no i do nt believe it how can you imagine such a thing ! ?
same thing - no , josh , its not the same thing .
same thing - no , josh , its not the same thing .
i ask , half - expecting to hear some stupid thing about a billboard or signpost .
if that s the kind of thing he was busy telling her , then i have no need to worry .
it is strange because there are so many words for the same thing ...
we both laugh and it feels good because its the first time we ve laughed at the same thing in a long while .
we look at each other , both thinking the same thing .
i glance at troy to see if he thinks the same thing .
lucas glances sideways at ian who returns his glance with it was the only thing i could come up with , facial expression .
i was wondering the same thing , joshua .
i was actually thinking about the same thing snow flower , not that i am afraid , but i ca nt stand all of this waiting and not knowing what will happen next !
i ca nt hear themi was going to ask you the same thing .
yea , i was thinking the very same thing .
no , the latest thing i heard about him was that he wrecked charles , his ship .
i wondered the same thing daniel and so i asked .
the only thing that i will say is that you are sailing into several areas that your ship will sink and none of you will surviveand since i m on your ship , ill be going down with youand i d rather not do that i have to complete my mission .
the mysterious kept cutting through the waves , and i thought that this would be like any other storm that we had sailed through in our many adventures , but the next thing that i felt was sand on my face and water flowing up to my neck and then retreating down to my ankles , back and forth over and over again , he looks over at his quarter master , until lucas tapped me on my shoulder and asked how i was .
i have been wondering the same thing snow flower .
tessa knew men well enough to know that they sometimes could nt say that kind of thing but she hoped that one day , she would hear those words .
your letter said no such thing .
tessas body reacted and she was sure he could see the same thing in hers .
as they sat at the table drinking cup after cup of coffee , he began to talk more and the things he said started making more sense .
i guess that was a stupid thing to say .
a man could tell a woman any old thing he wanted , and she would have no way to verify if he was telling the truth .
that s what he told me , and hell tell you the same thing .
i thought the same thing about you last night .
i d tell him the same thing straight to his face , allegra replied .
all of us think the same thing .
amelia and allegra just said exactly the same thing , and they re right .
were arguing about the same thing all over again .
that s another thing you should remember in life louis .
everyone deep down thinks the same thing ?
the funny thing about it was neither team , apart from myself had realised that they had both said the same thing .
just promise me one thing - get out thomas , make a new life for yourself you deserve it more than i ever did , but please find my brother paul and get him home .
` ` i thought the same thing ' til this morning , '' lott said .
forget about titles , forget about achievements , and forget about power one thing was for certain , thought jina : in the last analysis , sharma was no freer than he was .
now , tell me the first thing that i taught you .
it was a charming thing to say .
well , ill tell you another thing you do nt know about me .
jina could see that they were thinking the same thing .
but i tell you one thing , for sure , jinano one will ever see me weep outside this room . '
luke , an accomplished hunter since he was big enough to carry a gun , could teach young sam a thing or two about hunting prowess in the woods , but luke wanted sam to feel he was the man on this hunting trip .
the only thing he said to me was some words i could not understand , and he wanted a bible .
the future ahead will be just as tough if not tougher , but everyone standing here today just remind yourselves of one thing we are a tenacious lot , and we can survive what is to come .
but let me tell you one thing as one lawman to another .
ridge finally said , ` ` tell me one thing , though , billy . ''
and parkman could easily believe such a thing .
` ` well , i 'll guarantee you one thing , marshal ridge parkman , '' she told him .
these were the brightest history students in their generation , and they were certain of one thing in their nations history the wall was impenetrable .
when i arrived in green bay , the one thing i knew for certain was that canadians did nt do much work , they took lots of time to entertain , and they ate the best food in the world .
he covered it well talking about the need for the repairs , rough winter , that sort of thing , meanwhile i assumed a check was being run , my plates verified , and lots of things were being said into his earpiece .
actually that was the least profane thing shouted by the angry men .
for one thing , as we pulled up in front of the hotel , we were approached by a couple dozen people with signs saying things like foster , go invade america and foster , how many sioux homes did you burn today ?
not exactly a brilliant thing to say when you suddenly find a beautiful woman in your bed , but i was still half asleep and very confused .
not sure , dad answered her , but one thing i m sure of is that fort should nt be too far away .
i just spoke to an airman assigned to iwo jima , he said the same thing .
the only thing he could think was that it was nt oklahoma .
if i have learned one thing on our island , it is that we need little to survive as long as we have hope for something , hideki said quietly .
how the nectar of your mouth would taste i imagine you were thinking similar things when you entered the room , and by the blush on your cheeks , i can see that i ' m right .
do nt be silly , i stated , very annoyed that he would say such a thing .
another thing you ll learn about me is that i do nt say anything i do nt mean .
the next thing i need you to dothe most important thing is that i need you to take care of leonardo .
onywey , therrs one thing ah will say .
if anyone had told me there was such a thing as a bad - tempered canary i d have told them to pull the other leg .
that s a terrible thing to say , nellie .
one last thing you do not buy scott pink bubble gum or gobstoppers with your spending money oh , and no sweetie cigarettes either .
some time later as they left the infirmary arm in arm and stood in the pouring rain at the nearest tram stop , uncle jack turned to becky and said : one last thing i must say , becky , and then ill never again speak another word on the subject your aunt meg , god rest her soul , loved you like a daughter .
` ` it was the first thing that came to mind , '' louisa jane answered with a shrug .
mr . hewes hesitated ever so slightly , searching for just the right thing to say - while at this same time , a figure could be seen skating towards them from ellsworth cove .
that whole thing gets pretty odd , and the first thing i told dodson is to not send me any more messengers .
the only thing that was certain at the moment was that no shooting had started .
the one thing we were certain of is that we would stay together .
this is to say , she said exactly the right thing at exactly the right moment .
that was probably not the most politically sensitive thing i have ever said .
what is it like to live with a woman who always knows the right thing to say ?
he thought , from her closeness as she walked , from the way she glanced shyly at him , the way she smiled at him , that she was thinking the same thing .
sarah laughed as if that was the silliest thing she ever heard .
she sighed when she realized he was nt thinking any such thing .
she thought she saw concern in his eyes , and she wondered if he was thinking the same thing she wasmaybe the fact that she looked like his wife was going to keep them apart .
i know church attendance is mandatory , but i have nt read a thing in scripture that says we must stay awake .
there s still one thing i do nt understand , james said .
that is the most outlandish thing anyone has ever said to me .
you said no such thing .
probably , he thought , they were both thinking the same thing .
` ` i told him the same thing , '' robinson said .
there probably were times when both of us were thinking the same thing at the same time .
of one thing he was certain , even now during this dark time .
i had to believe elise was wondering the same thing as she watched from computers monitoring events from green bay .
the first thing they wanted to tell me was that tilden foster had been killed .
oh yes , and he d learned one more thing .
tonight , she could tell him all the things she had been saving up to say , and she could hear about his week at avery hall , and about lady avery , and the planned gardens , and the performance of the chair , and the progress of the renovations ... min caught herself .
naomi realized , suddenly , that that was the worst possible thing she could have said .
the other thing i hear is that the egyptian military is never going to give up their power after their coup against khedive tewfiq .
hmm another thing .
but she was a wonderful patient , so sweet and patient , barely grumbling when they gave her needles and always happy to see the nurses and doctors and with happy things to say to the other patients .
perhaps there is one other thing you should know , i have spent the day hoping i was the right person but also trying to think of alternatives if i am not .
yair , well , said the guard , shrugging his shoulder , maybe we should come back another time that s the smartest thing you have said all night , burghley growled .
richard the second , and that gripping thing about the jew wanting his pound of flesh , what was it called again ?
you look strong , and it will be a healthy , happy baby , had been the regular prediction of her friend , the wonderfully honest margaret , the taverns chief serving wench and who knew , a thing or two about children , or at least the process that leads to em !
i really know only one thing , and that is this ship is going to boston .
i want you to know one thing , and that is no harm will come to you as long as you re on this ship .
the captain stops abruptly in the middle of the street and says , patrick , let me stress one thing : going to sea can be extremely dangerous ; people can get killed or suffer horrible injuries .
the last thing he said to janie was , your mother loves you .
he wondered out loud ; how could a city defend itself from such a thing as that ?
but i can tell you one thing for sure , they are just as intelligent as white folks and it was wrong to enslave them .
but they do n't know one thing that i know .
` ` one thing to be said for buggery , no chance of getting a bastard . ''
` ` there is no such thing as a coincidence , '' the younger said .
someone told him once that the hedgehog knew one thing , the fox many ; he was a fox , for sure , wily when he needed to be , and fast , and knowing many things .
everything precarious ; the danger of saying the wrong thing , of acting on the word and not the covert significance ; he should have loved the danger , but instead he felt bogged down , slowed and fatigued by the effort of exerting all his strength to go absolutely nowhere .
but things blurred ; or she 'd remember one thing that he 'd said , quite clearly , and repeat it aloud to herself , again and again , but she was unable to pin down just when it was that he 'd said it , and whether , at the time , she 'd believed it , or not .
that was the good thing about working with soldiers who 'd known you for decades , master thought ; you did n't have to tell them things like that .
to hear nothing meant one of two things ; either he 'd imagined the noise in the first place , and was sliding ever closer to insanity , driven mad by lack of sleep and the loneliness of kingship ; or there was someone there , and it was someone who wanted not to be detected .
` ` there 's no such thing as roman .
two of three of the women said , and then giggled at having said the same thing almost in chorus .
` ` can i ask you one thing ? ''
when tarquin was involved , he always seemed to say the wrong thing ; and he was a man who had always been able to say the right thing to his men , before a battle , or after it .
when tarquin was involved , he always seemed to say the wrong thing ; and he was a man who had always been able to say the right thing to his men , before a battle , or after it .
not like the chicken thing .
the last thing he said before sinking down was , ' i 'll be safe here for a while . '
` ` do you remember the last thing you said to me , before i left you in loen ? ''
sister leoba : for one thing , because you stole lindisfarne 's olive oil .
sister wilthburga : shut up , you thing .
jessie knew that was not an easy thing for her sister to say .
yes , aedann was good , but i still knew a thing or two .
we sat in silence for a moment and exchanged glances , but i could tell from the look in the eyes of all my family that we were thinking the same thing .
he could have meant only one thing : my mothers priceless amber and silver set of jewellery .
but i will say one thing for you .
what you know about one eye , elmets army , that kind of thing .
` ` oh , jeremy , '' said mrs . voss , ` ` why would you say such a thing ?
and you would think that if he was the murderer , he would have come up with a better story by now , although i am pretty sure he was lying about one thing .
she could see that mrs . voss 's cheeks were wet with tears as she held the glass out to samuels , and annie wondered if she were thinking the same thing .
for example , in a few places joseph smith says things which in reality were said by brigham young or others .
of one thing i m certain , at any rate , and that is that i shall never rest until hyrums murderers are brought to justice .
joseph , there is one other thing you should know .
he cautiously embraced the woman and said the first thing that came to his mind : there there , ah , my dear , do nt you worry yourself .
and one more thing , said kearny , smiling .
the only thing that seemed certain was that operation husky was not just another exercise .
my heart tells me one thing and my head tells me something totally different .
that s the most absurd thing i ve ever heard .
i wondered the same thing , laughed carmella .
one thing i learned from the war is to live each day like its your last .
you said the same thing last week , severino complained in jest , and it turned out to be junk .
this can mean only one thing .
the only thing he was fairly certain of with no way to prove it was that the marquis had hired someone to kill mrs . bernard and make it seem like it was the wolf , as he had now officially dubbed rouxs killer .
he dreamt of the same thing he d dreamt of every night for three nights now .
and he said the same thing ?
it turned out to be a very sweet wine , and it was the last thing he remembered as he slid back into bed .
parsifal turned to him red faced and said : my mother died at my birth and my father at your side in acre , since then i have been your charge and you are the closest thing i have to a father , he paused noting the furrow appear between galerens eyebrows , an older brother even .
i am sorry , he whispered as he left the room and it was perhaps the most genuine thing he had ever said in his life .
de merle had aired his concern about raymonds strange behaviour and his presence here could only mean one thing .
and there s another thing he lowered his voice and rolled his eyessuppose the soldiers thought i might have money , and tormented me or threatened me with death unless i revealed it , i know i would nt be able to hold out .
i fear i would lose my temper and knock him down , and then he would nt tell me a thing .
i know one thing for sure , mr judd , i shall never have anything more to do with belials band .
i do nt know how denis heard that the way was open for him to pay court , but he must have wasted very little time , for the next thing i heard was that he and elizabeth were to be betrothed .
tell me one thing , hugh said .
such ardent longing could mean only one thing .
robert bolsover would have said the same thing but meant it as a joke .
she s probably wondering the same thing , roger .
one thing had not changed .
ill tell you one thing , longsword said , sitting next to him in the high - backed , carved chair set directly at the center of the table .
the shadows by the door made her features indistinct but to delamere one thing was clear enough and he whirled around on the abbess .
delamere dropped the argument , mostly because he d already thought the same thing himself .
you do nt know how we wondered the same thing the day we were informed you were no longer in roberts entourage .
the way he agreed to this peace with llanlleyn because you asked it of him i never asked any such thing !
he felt his mouth smile in an effort to thaw her out ; he heard himself ask her teasingly if being at llanlleyn were such a hardship , but it was the wrong thing to say ; he knew it immediately by the way her mouth creased tightly shut and her glance dropped mutinously from his face to the floor , and he knew he ought to shake himself out of his gaping stupor but he could nt , he couldnthe was mesmerized by her presence he reassured her that no harm was intended to her or her sons , that everyone at llanlleyn held her in great esteem but these words did not impress her .
good weather means only one thing , my lord , he said stiffly .
it seemed to him that after all the activity of the past year , he was back where he d started , before rhirid , before his baby , before gwalaesnothing to look forward to do you know the one thing i regret about my settlement with chester ?
stay this night and well leave together first thing in the morning .
did he indeed say such thing , sir guy ?
she did nt know how to react , he thought ; she did nt know if he were simply controlling his own anger and was ready to erupt at the least thing she might say .
how could she even think such a thing ?
now her da would hear first thing she was with him .
what s more , he d never once said he did nt like snug places , did nt know why liamd say a thing such as that .
rose could nt think of a single thing to say .
ach , it is sorry i am to say such a thing .
one thing she knew .
and taught me ever thing she knew .
that was one thing they agreed on .
she must not add another thing .
she knew one thing , as she set the napkin across her lap .
no , i learned one more thing , ambrose . ''
` ` my boy , i know that the death of your friend is a hard thing to accept , but to be sacrificed to odin is a great honour .
good advice is the one thing mother left us before she died .
i ve been preaching the same thing to him for the last four years .
what a morose thing to say .
it was the most terrifying thing noll had ever heard , and it took a moment for its paralyzing effect to release its hold .
he heard the vogts voice saying the same thing over and over .
thomas had told him the very same thing when they had first met .
the only thing we know for sure , is that the regions of schwyz , uri , and unterwalden rose up against their austrian overlords in a rebellion that culminated in the battle of morgarten in 1315 .
` ` it 's just that ... if anyone else had ever wondered such a thing , be it human or vampire , they had not the courage to ask .
` ` well , there is just one small thing i have n't told you yet . ''
he wanted to have the energy to shake him and ask how he could say such things of the very man who had set the laws in motion which took his father to that very city in the first place .
she could nt manage to think of a thing to say as they walked up to the house , but david seemed comfortable with the silence .
the one thing that did come out eventually was that joseph bradford had overextended himself financially .
but from the sound of everything , linda did nt ask you a single thing .
ellie saw jeffrey behind kevin with his eyebrow raised , and she knew he was thinking the same thing she was : there was no way that kevin would be able to kick anyones ass , much less jakes .
david had said the same thing as kevin , but that did nt erase the fearful dread at those words .
the only thing i can think of is that linda and randall are having someone else coming in and cleaning the house , which i guess makes sense .
ellie did nt know what to say , but she knew one thing for certain .
that was probably the wrong thing to say .
the only thing it says is : i m coming home , tom replied with a shrug .
but look , that s not important ... a thing ?
guess a truck put him into traction or some such thing .
well , besides miss pac - man , but she was a bitch and the yellow thing seemed like a terrible stereotype .
except , ann added slowly , there s no such thing .
lad , that is the most ridiculous thing that i have heard in some time .
funny , i was going to ask you the very same thing .
* * * * indigo lets get one thing straight before we even start .
the embarrassment of seeming young and nave was the worst thing i could think of .
i guess i just wo nt be able to let it go until i write down the whole thing .
ridiculous thing to say .
indigo actually laughed , but somehow it seemed to be the right thing to say .
if there s one thing i know about vengeful ghosts , its that its always better not to pay attention to them , i observed .
from which i understood he was deeply regretting the whole kiss thing .
i was really starting to regret the whole subletting thing .
i would have to think of exactly the right thing to say and he would have to be in a very open minded place .
she always managed to say the most unsettling thing possible .
i suppose i d said the wrong thing to him .
then he started speaking again and , with his instinct for these things , said the worst thing he could possibly say .
then he started speaking again and , with his instinct for these things , said the worst thing he could possibly say .
the first thing they re going to ask is if you ve been drinking , which you clearly have , and then they ll send you for psychiatric tests .
jackson always complained about the amount of noise from the road , especially first thing in the morning when everyone else left to go to work or take their children to school .
he finally looked up and studied her face , brown eyes boring deep into hers as though he saw straight through her , reading every single thing etched on her mind .
she knew one thing for sure ; whatever the woman was , human did nt figure among her qualities .
how am i supposed to believe such a thing ?
he heard the same thing the oxen did .
jake was the only good thing shed gotten from her ex after all .
i say the wrong thing all the time .
he had to take his mind off his mother 's unfairness and lara 's most recent affront or he would punch a hole in the newly painted wall -- yet another thing lisa would ground him for without pause .
luke guessed he 'd said the right thing .
maybe it was the same thing marc had told him : luke was supposed to stay away from anyone associated with the levirs .
he had managed to say the most effeminate thing possible .
luke growled the beginning of a threat , ` ` jean -- '' ` ` let 's get one thing straight from this moment on , '' jean interrupted .
unfortunately , the one thing we have all been waiting for , a cure , has been elusive .
i feel as though i have committed the gravest of sins just for dreaming such an evil thing .
to me that means only one thing .
she was right about the whole creepy thing and the last thing i did was laugh at her .
he began to notice that the new batch of teens said one thing be different but did another look and act like everyone on television .
i only ask because it will be the first thing she asks me when she finds me here .
it was the closest thing to a compliment shed ever received from him .
that might be the nicest thing anyone 's ever told me , he says , staring blankly .
that thing i wanted to show you ?
its not a very nice thing for a young boy to say about an elderly woman .
they would nt wait long before they toldand even if the story was crazy , one thing would be true .
i know you have to go , mom , but can i ask you one more thing ?
` ` he said the same thing about you . ''
he would call his grandpa cort and teach riker a thing or two .
that s the scariest thing that has ever happened to me .
one thing he said , before he last took off , was to follow you and make sure that you were safe .
if so , she would have a fight on her hands , because one thing starr had said , over and over , was that she wanted to be left alone .
if one thing was certain , it was that he loved jan and would do anything for her .
that s a mean thing to say , darren said .
the only thing he said was that he was in the area .
i will take one thing back .
the next thing leo said confirmed it .
i ve said the same thing to leo , lily said , when he d comment on my obsession to become a day soldier .
wow , was the only thing lily could think to say .
one last thing , abbie said .
one last thing , leo said .
she looked at the others and saw in their eyes that they were thinking the same thing .
i m sure , grung added , that many germans in the nineteen - forties thought the same thing about the speeches they were hearing .
i do nt like the whole sir thing .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
that s not a very nice thing to say , mark said , frowning .
i ve gone and said the wrong thing , she curtly replied .
that s a shitty thing to say , she said to charlie .
i m sure it will be a revelation to my sister as well , since the only coherent thing she s managed to say about you is that you have a talented touch .
that tells me one true thing about you .
which can only mean one thing .
which , by charlies calculations , could only mean one thing : the event was going to happen again .
well , i began , trying to think of the right thing to say .
while his dad sat beside her , either wondering the same thing or acting like too much of a coward to say otherwise .
you can tell carl the same thing .
the man was saying the same thing over and over , as if a recorded loop .
general : damnedest thing i ever heard .
how can you ask me for such a thing ?
he thought it sounded hardboiled , the kind of thing a guy should say while casually discussing murder .
looking for an excuse to make conversation , she said the first thing that came into her head .
closest thing i ever had to family .
with any luck , he wo nt remember a thing .
okay , i d blurted out the dumbest thing , but i was nt really expecting an answer anyway , she s a cheerleader , and they do nt talk to the likes of me .
it is kind of a gross story but do nt judge until you hear the whole thing alan sat outside , knocking on the glass ; usually i d just ignore him but this time i looked up .
the most powerful thing i d ever felt .
pleasure is about choosing when to indulge -- like first thing in the morning with a cup of coffee .
i must say they were not cheering to me , for amongst them were ' ordog ' -- satan , ' pokol ' -- hell , ' stregoica ' -- witch , ' vrolok and ' vlkoslak ' -- both mean the same thing , one being slovak and the other servian for something that is either werewolf or vampire .
of one thing only am i certain .
one thing she said which i shall put down as nearly as i can , for it tells in its way the story of her race .
of one thing i am glad .
at any rate , we have proved one thing , that the spells of quietness last a reasonable time .
if any need i shall write , so that , if you do not hear from me , take it for granted that i am simply waiting for news , in haste , ' yours ever , ' joan seward dr . seward 's diary 7 september . -- the first thing van helsing said to me when we met at liverpool street was , ' have you said anything to our young friend , to lover of him ? '
but she used them to tell me the thing , so that i could have the object of thought in mind all the time .
oh , my friend , why , think you , did i go so far round , why take so long to tell so simple a thing ?
i felt all the dogged argumentativeness of my nature awake within me as i answered her , ' i am satisfied that lucas 's body is not in that coffin , but that only proves one thing . '
i would n't ask such a thing ordinarily , i would n't so dishonour you as to imply a doubt , but this is a mystery that goes beyond any honour or dishonour .
of one thing i am now satisfied .
to one thing i have made up my mind .
had nt he said that same thing , the same way , only nine hours earlier ?
sure thing , kiddo .
did i say the wrong thing ?
shed experienced much the same thing many times over in her life .
at a loss of words , the only thing mary could say , ` ` well , are you going to leave all your tools out there ? ''
the only thing he says is that you should leave me !
karen wondered if perhaps the boy would hear the same thing that she heard .
it sounded like she was being severely tormented and it was the most awful thing i ever heard . ''
such a cruel suggestion of her subconscious ; a late night visit from kelly could only mean one thing .
was good luck the right thing to say to soldier who was going away on duty ?
` ` there 's just one thing i want to know , eileen .
well , i did nt remember no such thing .
neither one of us knows the first thing about the procedure .
it 's kind of stupid of me to bring god into it , since i never go to church anymore , but it 's the only thing i can think of to say that 's even remotely comforting .
no , its not the same thing .
its not the same thing at all you little brat !
only one thing comes to mind .
it is odd , but the first definite thing that came to my confused brain was an impression of the ugly green flowers in monotonous rows across the dingy , brown - stained wallpaper .
they talked around camp and were friendly enough , but is it the kind of thing you tell to guys ?
one thing i will say for thompson , he was right , we did need him .
that s the last thing he said to me , he said he was sorry .
its not the same thing and you know it .
he held a grip onto that attitude and looked into his own eyes in the mirror to tell himself the same thing .
you 'd be surprised how many guys in their forties or fifties come in here saying the same thing .
i thought the same thing myself , willy said .
this was her hugging her mother again for three whole hoursthis was the aftermath of the whole thing ; the engulfment , the overwhelming breakdown , gargantuan sense of total shockit was hanging in the air , but she was unfazed , untouched by it .
it was the line they said that they would never cross , the one thing they had always agreed upon .
mccall could tell from the tone of her voice that she was thinking the same thing he was .
they might not know their parentage , for the gods so dislike to be known among women that none can be found who has seen their faces wittingly ; a thing which carter realized even as she sought to scale kadath .
the violet gas s'ngac had told her terrible things of the crawling chaos nyarlathotep , and had warned her never to approach the central void where the daemon sultan azathoth gnaws hungrily in the dark .
she basically said the same thing as you .
they worry about saying the wrong thing , which is appropriate considering how many people do say insensitive things .
they worry about saying the wrong thing , which is appropriate considering how many people do say insensitive things .
i was just thinking about that weird thing that guy james said just before he grabbed me .
peering at them through the glass windows , i notice the same thing as last night ; they have changed .
it was more of a i might be there kind of thing .
such a small thing but it is a strong indication that andrew really is a sweet guy .
i never saw the guy before but that kind of beauty could only mean one thing .
i mean the smelling thing more than the following .
the main thing that i hope comes from this , is that the old youthe positive parts of the old you .
that s a terrible thing to say , the form says as her eyes narrow and her lips frown .
what a silly thing to say , elizabeth whispers .
if there is one thing i know with certainty , and i wish i did nt elizabeth says as she begins to walk away once more .
that s what i keep asking myselfand the only thing that i can come up with is that this last episode was nt the first time i ve hadissues .
i sometimesyeahsometimes i just blurt out questions or say thing without thinking them out fully .
promise me one thing though alright .
perhaps an ant or some other insect could teach them a thing or two about living on the land .
he s peering into the doorway and the look on his face spells one thing .
its eyes are emitting a dull glow which tells me one thing ; he does nt know i m here .
fucking same thing .
table of contents forward by jennifer rainey no such thing by s. j .
no such thing by s.j .
narcissistic , arrogant , egotistical '' ` ` all of which mean generally the same thing .
` ` there is no such thing , '' gerald said impatiently .
she wore the sweater all the time at college and no one had said a thing to her about it before .
it was a harsh thing to say but it was needed .
the last thing he said was , ' let 's go ! '
he could n't see how the whole being a success thing was just a sham , how it was the same ideology with some of the pieces shuffled around .
she s such a compelling liar that i myself could nt help wondering whether any thing she said throughout the entire novel was true .
this would not have been the last thing i 'd have wanted to hear on my way out .
i caught a glance from kevin and knew he was thinking the same thing .
a human voice was the last thing i expected to hear .
i thought she was done , but in the silence , her voice wavered from a whisper and bloomed into the most beautiful thing i 'd ever heard .
( reviewing it later , that was about the most revealing thing the man ever said . )
as yet , he had nt said a darned thing .
that was nt up to him ; and he would never tell her such a thing .
did you see that thing on tv about bedbugs ?
she had one more thing to say .
it was the last thing he expected to hear and certainly the last thing he expected to see .
it was the last thing he expected to hear and certainly the last thing he expected to see .
not so strangely , no officer had ever said such a thing .
that someone might even have wanted people to think such a thing .
shelley said she would tell jenny no such thing because if she even so much as mentioned the word date to jenny then jenny would start after her again about how they were meant for one another and that shelley just had to admit that there was no one better for her and while shelley thought that jenny might have a point , she was still holding out for a guy in that she was nt that attracted to girls and she really was nt that attracted to jenny even though jenny was very pretty in that way that some female cops are really pretty if you look beyond the really tightly pulled hair .
denise grabbed her back into a hug and shelley knew that somehow she said the right thing for now .
he said that the things the creeping sick had to tell him were for him alone and it had warned him that if he spilled the beans , the sick would make him take a different pill to bring about some awful new side effect .
the one thing she was never able to grasp was why there had to be monsters .
she took his hand and looked at him with her most severe , but caring and loving look , which she had practiced in the mirror so she knew it was what she thought it was and not to be mistaken for some other strange lookpeople thought they were giving looks that meant one thing and they actually meant something else and then they were confused when they were misunderstood .
the thought of what he had just said made him wonder what he would do if a stranger had come up to him and said the same thing .
it was odd , but in that moment the first thing that came to his mind was how bland the r.a.s tie was .
in fact , about the only thing most agree on is that whatever williams was saying , they did nt understand it and it terrified them .
jeff must have noticed the same thing because when ben looked back at him he saw a look of horror in his eyes .
he was so impressed by what the men had found that the only thing he could think to say was , the seven hills of mountain valley .
he said the first thing that came to his mind .
which , mitch thought , was the first intelligent thing he d said .
trust me , there is no such thing .
that s the truest thing you ve said in a long time , she smirked .
one thing he was sure of : sophies fate did not include dying by the fangs of vampires .
sure thing , chief .
one more thing i need to tell you .
she 'd said the same thing about how many others , but look where they 'd all ended up . ''
it probably was n't the smartest thing to say to a woman with a gun .
marguerite spent the rest of her day out by herself , since her father had chosen to work from home rather than drive in to lisbon on a saturday , and the last thing she wanted to do was apologize for the most recent most terrible things she 'd ever said to him .
she was n't sure she 'd make america better for anyone other than the cats ... she did n't know the first thing about health insurance , or social security , or why the creepy guy at the airport always insisted on patting her down .
she 'd said the same thing on monday .
i knew she 'd say the same thing every day from then until i either said yes or drowned her in my tank .
i did n't want to say the wrong thing .
though murderers , drunkards , whores and vagrants , the citizens of shattered rock shared one thing in common , they were all casualties of the war to save lock core .
they drained gallons of my blood , and the one thing your brethren agreed on was that i was not one of them . ''
` ` of nothing young girl , has the so short memory that i have already forgotten thing is happened . ''
my god , this is a nightmare , but of however i also had to imagine me him to thing i went toward .
` ` thing you want here ? ''
one of the jurors , ch'era entrusted of to question the accused , got up standing and very sarcastically churches : ` ` thing you intend for demon ?
` ` helen , tell only me a thing .
` ` thing you are saying ?
` ` thing you have said ?
then , a last thing before starting .
` ` thing you have done to my child ? ''
looking into each others eyes , the first thing they thought was that fate had not abandoned them .
` ` how can you say such a thing ?
` ` repressed instinct '' the inspector repeated , weighing every syllable , ` ` i 'd like to believe it , and i might have said the same thing if i had nt entered your living room and i had nt seen the walls of the corridor .
` ` good , because those who attended the funeral said the same thing .
there really is nt any such thing as too much trouble where you re concerned .
tell me thing you want .
and from me thing waits yourself ?
you can not simply tell me the film and to explain me thing they have of bourgeois that boys ?
of thing you are speaking ?
you know him / it about thing i am speaking .
an evening , to take back the turn , made me intoxicate , but the only thing that got was the truth .
child that yesterday he / she asked lights on thing his / her body you / he / she would have become and that today it already had everything to teach .
i will tell then you thing i have seen me : i have seen a man choose the worse road to be saved himself / herself / themselves killing the witness of his / her precedent homicide .
oh yeah , sure thing , banana , said jamie .
easily the worst thing i ve ever experienced , which is why i never did it again .
i wanted you to move on because i was worried that your whole true love thing was bullshit .
there s one other thing i have to tell you .
that s the dumbest thing i ve ever heard .
` ` do n't worry , all of my other friends say the same thing .
at every street corner there was another newsie spouting pretty much the same thing as the first one had .
every nasty thing his father had ever said or done to him or his mother .
` ` stoney , i ' m gon na tell ye th ' same thing now that i told ye forty years ago when i found ye laying that alley wit ' th ' antideluvian crouched o'er ye .
its the scariest damn thing you ll ever see !
the last thing i said to pa was i hated him .
captain said , no , and it sits a bit shallow for the grace , but that s not the first thing i d say he opened a split in his mask to take his pipes bit in his teeth .
it was nt the worst thing the boy could have said .
that s an off thing to say to a woman .
fergus came in with bowls of stew and pointed at michael like he d been thinking the same thing .
john said , you ve always some queer thing to say .
daniel thought michaels answer was the smartest thing he d ever heard .
after a while , the only thing ditch could think of to say was , whatever , man , you know , like , pfft .
its a bad thing to say .
it was an unnecessary thing to say , but she was young .
it was an odd thing to say .
its not the kind of thing i d tell to just anyone , of course , but you re you , are nt you , and i do nt even lock the doors so who am i ?
john went on without realizing what an unsettling thing that was to say .
what a nice thing to say !
it was the first thing i thought to translate when i started doing all of this .
the sailors looked around at each other as if to make sure they d all heard the same thing .
it was a very tempting thing to say , but he 'd seen the fat kid eat enough over the last fifteen minutes to kill at least twenty men if it truly were poisoned .
hmm , was the only thing he could think to say before reaching for the power button and turning the video monitor off .
it was impossible to catch his breath and he staggered forward thinking only one thing : they ' ve got to be warned .
i wo n't always be there to protect you , but if a man ever hurts you i swear one thing to you ; no matter what you do to him , i will always love you .
its got ta be one thing or the other .
was the only thing bo could think as the glittering eyes came closer .
his jaw dropped at the first sight of kimberly honeydew in her lcvg and the phrase camel toe was the first thing that raced into his mind .
no one could muster a single thing to say , they just stood there staring out into space .
the only thing he said was , sorry .
if there s one thing i do know its this : between love and money , give kids love .
what happened is another thing she reluctantly told me on that stormy day in my thirteenth year .
this is the thing i valiantly tried to hide as my mothers story spoke from her grave through my grandmothers voice .
this is the thing i have mulled over and found unexpectedly in many places since .
the man looked as if he had at least one more thing to say , but the look in sautins eyes decided the better of it .
and even though it was south louisiana , when you spend every hour outside or underneath some shitty overhang , or beneath a house when it rains , winter always means different degrees of the same fuckin thing : cold and miserable .
i knew one thing for certain : i could nt fight them and win .
and that was the hardest thing to believe ; after everything , they had nt even robbed me .
i did nt say a damn thing ; it was useless .
so many things i remember it took him completely off his feet and threw him backwards , sending him down like a tree in a storm .
i never saw him write down a damn thing .
so i told him the only thing i could .
there was only one thing left to say , and i could not avoid it .
you got ta understand what i m gon na ask you to do is the most important thing i ve ever askedthe only thing now .
you got ta understand what i m gon na ask you to do is the most important thing i ve ever askedthe only thing now .
and again i said the only thing i thought i could , okay .
folks it can only mean one thing .
because , no lie , i was thinking pretty much the same thing a minute ago , when we shook hands .
well , actually not print , because hollis worked for an online newspaper , but it was the same thing in the end .
that is the stupidest thing i ever heard .
the words seemed like they meant the same thing right now .
that is officially the sexiest thing you ve ever said to me .
she told me the same thing yesterday , but she did nt tell me why .
he said one thing , said avery .
to dana , the body meant only one thing .
one thing i do nt understand .
that s the most twisted , evil thing i ever heard .
well , he did say the thing about listening , she said .
josh played out the whole thing in his head .
why did he have to over analyze every little thing that s said and done ?
josh could tell he said the wrong thing and tried to recover , at least tell me if it was just like one person coming to her with a bible tract or was she invited to a revival or , oh , did she meet a girl at her school who was a christian ?
driton please , josh begged , just answer me this one thing and i swear ill never ask about anything again .
you refuse to hear a thing i say .
they are of this earth that 's one thing i ' m sure of .
she was stalled , feeling it had been years since he last asked such a thing .
` ` strange thing to say , joe .
nelson explained the plan like the most obvious thing in the world , as if we all memorised the entire layout of a place we visited two floors of .
it was like he 'd been listening inside my head , picking and choosing the most useless thing to say .
i did n't say thing out loud .
a second or two of silence ticked by as susan stared at him , searching for the right thing to say .
susan appeared at my side , staring down with me , probably not thinking the same thing .
i once walked through the entire british library in london without learning a single thing or paying any attention to anything on display , yet i itched to examine every nook in this white , sterile environ .
non - disclosure thing .
among them were charles saying , your age does nt give you any authority and relic of a obsolete era ( despite being uninteresting , that caught reginalds attention because it was such a strange thing to say ) and maurice saying something about bigotry and short - term thinking and about his not recognizing authority of some kind .
well , one thing i did nt tell you is that the council plays dirty , said maurice .
he kept eating raw meat , his throat increasingly burning for the real thing .
i spent most of my life in the deep sands , she said , and in the deep sands , the one thing you learn is that running keeps you breathing .
no matter his true origins , nicola was certain of one thing , there was pain in his cold , dead eyes .
the only thing that was certain was that since the archenon , his feelings for her had grown .
though they never heard it before , they all knew that the constant , deep clanging could mean only thing -- the black door was open .
the ships reaction could mean only one thing -- argos was truly alive .
there s but one thing i deserve .
and i knew vivian had believed the same thing before her death .
chapter 14 the first important thing to know about darks last novel is that it was nt a novel at all .
i ca nt even imagine what sort of hole - in - the - ground they have in guantanamo for an enemy of the state like you , but you can tell me one last thing before you vanish : where s q ?
mike wondered all of these things as he headed for the coffee shop .
mike had wondered the very same thing himself many times and now it had come to him as he stood there talking to its deceased owner .
damnit to hell , jim , mikes dead , richard was annoyed to even hear such a thing .
when they passed through the large hole into the open air outside , the spirits were either cast into heaven or hell , it was impossible to tell , the only thing for sure was that their days of being held in purgatory at the grand were over .
there were no words as they squeezed out the door ; they were thinking the exact same thing .
the next thing you ll come up with will be that he is really a ghost !
one thing we need to make clear , boys , '' i said .
while there had been no way i would ' ve trusted the mister when he said the same thing , miguel is different .
we 're both thinking the same thing .
they all think i m a racist- that may be the first thing liberals and white supremacists have ever agreed on .
i know we have nt been the best of friends lately , but we were once , and i hope you can start dreaming again ; it would be the saddest thing in the world to me if you could nt .
hell of a thing to hear , as a kid , your old man ranting about how 5 % of the worlds population should nt be paying 40 % of the worlds defense tab- especially when there are deficits .
joe asked for one thing , that horner stall the oil men a few days , long enough to remove his personal belongings , and to drive as much of his herd would go , and he obliged him gladly .
` ` mrs . widget said the same thing . ''
` ` there is one more thing i can give you ; not advice , a legacy , handed down from our ancestor abraham through all the generations of the van helsing family , to you .
he wanted out of the marriage as much she did , but it was the first thing that came to mind .
they say goodbye is the hardest thing you ll ever have to say .
desperate to keep his secret , out of work , and on thelosing end of a debt large enough to get him killed , max turned to mitch , anixon center guard and the closest thing he had to a friend , to make the moneyhe needed to break - even .
what an awful thing to say !
nothing says you wasted your life quite like the old clich so - and - so will be missed sort of thing that distantly related relatives will slap onto that piece of rock .
to the public who have not taken nevermore , i will say only one thing , he paused , dropped his head and shook it slightly before looking back up into the camera .
well , maybe one thing .
oh , i only wish i could say the same thing about me .
so when you said nobody will suspect a thing , you really meant nobody .
even though i could nt see a thing , instinct commanded my hands to push through the debris .
she s fine , but ill tell you one thing .
i do nt know a darn thing except that you re twenty - one , smokin hot , and gorgeous .
that s the corniest thing i ve ever heard , lucas said .
just promise me one thing , she said .
son , explain to me one thing .
tank states , while i m thinking the exact same thing .
brine turned to the clearing and thought the same thing he had after stumbling inside : this was the furthest point from the action and the safest place to be found .
but this , as it turned out , was the absolute wrong thing to say .
because if there was one thing he could say about mother nature , it was this : when the old woman took to painting on the canvas of life , she did so with wild and messy strokes .
because then she said the craziest thing : help her , garret .
was kind of thinking the same thing myself .
it was the only thing my mind would latch onto .
then some bright lights came to kill me and the next thing i remember is waking up in here .
we barely knew each other but we knew one thing .
before we went to our separate rooms to sleep , kathy had one last thing to say .
they were asking only one thing .
that was the thing that gripped her heart .
the only thing she could say for sure is that he came from egypt .
all of your brothers before you said the same thing , this is the angel sword and it will sent you to your death .
i was thinking the same thing myself .
i glance sideways at ria , who seems to be thinking the same thing .
i ve said the right thing ; rias focus immediately shifts to blanche .
but then again , everyones saying the same thing , which is that there s no real way to tell ; the spirits are apparently capable of behaving exactly like their hosts .
the poor man , he must be thinking the same thing i am that everyones gone crazy .
i can tell mr millers thinking the same thing .
and you re not exactly helping the situation by believing every damn thing they say !
i was contemplating the same thing .
despite all claims from the religious factions as to god 's design of the human condition as rulers and conquerors over the earth , john understood one thing , god was love .
it 's all the same thing in eternity .
you know the biggest thing i have learned in here ?
the only thing i am sure of , marcie , is that i must go .
its not exactly a secret , but its not the sort of thing you want passed around a town that makes a lot of its money off summer tourism .
but we know one thing for sure .
either way , we know one thing and that s that he s dangerous .
but something about their postures , something in the nature of their movementsslow and mindlessly repetitivemade shane sure of one thing : they were infected .
has to be the funniest thing i ve heard all month !
they d been killed in a boating accident when she was in college , but all her earlier life they always knew the right thing to say to make her feel better .
i think that s the nicest thing anyones ever said to me .
they always knew the right thing to say in any situation .
what a lame thing to say , should have told her you care , bloody wanker , instead you tell her its good to go back , to forget everything here .
the other thing she told him was every few weeks it smells like burnt electrical wiring .
anna says the same thing .
just one more thing to be upset about .
the first thing he said to me : ` ` you 're the type of person who knows how to pick locks . ''
cyrus replied sharply , ` ` that 's a rather smart thing to say , '' but then he seemed calm again .
i shook my head and said the only thing that i could .
no , there is one thing that i understand .
had we been closer , i would not have replied a thing .
julian , when i interrogated him , said the same thing .
finally she looked to her grandmother and said the first thing that came into her mind .
eric agonized whether he should tell the two women the one thing jamie had kept from the others .
it was the sort of thing that did n't need to be told .
among themselves , they asked the same question , but such a thing was not meant to be said out - loud to your host .
i ' m sure a city boy like yourself does n't agree with such a thing . ''
please , just give me the whole thing .
just one thing , i said slowly .
i think our daily bickering was the closest thing i had to a friend at school .
how could that be the only thing i could think of ?
promise me one thing , she said , if you see that things get too much to handle , do nt be a hero .
especially with the thing terry said about the kid being dead .
its such an absurd thing to hear , yet he seems so serious about it .
i ve been dealing with the same thing .
i m sorry , that was just the sexiest thing i ve ever heard anyone say , he realized this point was getting stale , but he was drunk , and it was awesome .
alone , he continued over the dunes , heading straight ahead like terry had told him to , thinking of the last thing his friend had said : beware of .
the next thing the gunman said made the blood rush from terrys head , even though it was just one word .
i m not telling you a damn thing .
ill tell you one thing though , me and jedidiah have something in common he was and i am starving !
you see , this vocation can be very stressful and we ve had the same thing occur in the past with other workers .
your reaction at seeing an oddity such as myself for the first time is understandable , but i can assure you of one thing : me and my kind have existed in this world practically since the dawn of time itself , in fact , eons before your human ancestors made their , shall we say inglorious debut out of the primordial slime !
the junky looked at angelo , tears streaming down the blackheads and zits that scarred his face , and somewhere from deep down inside , the junkys voice found enough strength to say one thing -- -sorry .
because despite vincents ill - deeds , he was still family , and after spending the better part of his life being tossed around within the government child welfare system , angelo had learned an important thing : family was everything .
angelo could nt believe he had said such a horrible thing to his beloved uncle .
its obvious that they understand one thing .
there was only one thing to say .
antonio looked at the letter and read the whole thing aloud in his dull , flat voice , making the whole thing seem even creepier .
another thing he could nt remember .
and you can be sure of one thing : i will never be like you , i will never take a human life and i will never do your bidding .
who would sing such a thing ?
the only thing anton could say was the understated comment , my family will be pleased .
he was , in a sense , the leader of the humans of the pen , and only advised them of one thing , stay out of the way of the vampires if you want to last .
that s an impious thing to say , constanta responded with a frown .
andrei was prepared to tell her the same thing that he had just told anton , but she instead said , i ca nt use gold .
after a quick greeting , vasile explained to josif the same thing he d explained to cornel about their attack on the coven .
if the door was open it could mean many things , but the most worrying thing could be that the occupants were dead and walking around in the house .
i was glad he was the one to ask such a stupid question , though i was thinking the exact same thing .
i knew it was not the right thing to say to blame fred , but i wanted to fuel his guilt and motivate him to succeed in finding the blood .
awww clairvius said empathetically , now why would you say such a horrible thing about your dear old friend ?
i will tell you one thing , the devil is here on this earth as we speak and its name is angel larson , this i do believe .
but the one thing the people of this town are certain about is ; they will never be the same .
she laughed like it was the funniest thing she ever heard .
i could see it in her that she was hiding something , covering some terrible thing up .
but i will tell you one thing just between you and me .
she struggled inside herself with wanting to say the right thing , or say something wise or meaningful like she thought grandparents were supposed to do .
can any of you tell me a situation where you might see this very thing fallacy in action in the real world ?
no , the only thing that would make me angry is if you lied to me .
the one thing that gibbons could say with absolute honesty was that , unlike so many people , he genuinely loved what he did for a living .
same thing again , she and zeke hung out in the kitchen until dinner time .
as stuart and the shorter cop faced off , jamie and the tall cop looked at each other , and it was obvious they were thinking the same thing : much ado about nothing .
one last thing , michael said one night .
there is nt a single thing you know that i do nt already know .
he could tell fitzsimmons was thinking the same thing .
he d been thinking the same thing .
family had been the first thing that sprung to mind .
chapter 2 , the thing in the garden are you feeling better ?
any attempt at conversation is struck down , for all i know we are all standing here thinking the same thing but we 're just too afraid to broach the subject .
i m thinking the same thing you are , ryhs said .
before you answer , just think of one thing .
he nodded as though she had said the wisest thing he had ever heard .
i do nt understand the whole damn thing , henry said .
they all were going through the same thing , and she did nt want anyone to know how completely weak and vulnerable she felt right now .
logan knew , or at least suspected , the same thing .
i was thinking the same thing , em said .
but there was one thing they could all agree on : to hell with being practical .
as he walked down the stairs he rolled the whole thing around in his mind .
its the first thing that came to me .
i just have one more thing to say to him , grippa said .
tom coughed ; his throat raw from the thing flick had forced him to swallow .
tell me one more thing , he asked , when the mist came , what happened ?
for a moment it seemed the most important thing in the world to get those things out of his mouth and then suddenly , it no longer mattered .
it was a strange thing for her to say and as i turned to look at her , she morphed into the creature .
the shock must have left me dumbfounded , because the only thing i could think to ask was , ` ` what was the deal ? ''
the younger server shifted his glance reluctantly and asked the same thing of paul .
the only thing known for sure was that he witnessed his mothers pimp stab a man to death when he was twelve .
she had been known to say one thing to appease her parents and do another when she felt she was right .
the cockroach was probably thinking the same thing about helen .
the only thing i can remember is grandma saying , malvada .
a palindrome is a word that spells the same thing forwards and backwards , like pop , mom or dad .
the only thing she knew with any certainty was that she had no desire to become a maggot brunch .
' just tell me one thing .
` ` ill say one thing .
he tried to think about the last thing he 'd eaten .
even though frederick could not make out a single thing in the ominous chanting , satan 's own entourage could not have sounded any stranger .
i do nt have to justify one goddamn thing to you , he said .
so now there s really only one thing left , one thing i ve really got to know .
so now there s really only one thing left , one thing i ve really got to know .
the only thing that came up were articles that had been cached and all those articles were about zombie outbreaks .
from what i could tell , the only thing the other survivors were thinking right now was about day - to - day survival .
if there s one thing i learned from the end of the world , its that you ca nt predict what s going to happen next .
naturally , the first thing that popped into my mind was that seth , the obnoxious new kid with the big mouth and the penchant for archery , had pranked me somehow .
the second thing that went through my head was that this girl did not belong here .
the third thing that went through my mind was the one i had the most trouble with .
no , i m afraid i have nt heard a thing .
truth was , it was the only thing i knew .
one thing i can say for you , jodie , seline said as she bent over the paste - up board to edit stories , is that you do nt get bent out of shape over things like maureen does .
she used to say the same thing , that i put love into it .
what an odd thing to say , gracie thought and stepped inside .
` ` well , whatever the reason , it amounts to the same thing .
he tripped over a stump or some such thing and went down hard on his ass .
but one thing stuck .
his eyes told him one thing but his head told him another : his eyes that a person , a man probably , was sitting embedded in the marsh , while his mind frantically whispered that such a thing was completely implausible .
pikren got the suggestion immediately , as if he d already thought the same thing himself but was afraid to give it credence .
he could cry into his beer all he wanted and it still would nt change a goddamn thing .
had never mentioned that one thing that lay like a stone in her heart .
her body was in rebellion over the thing her mind refused to ignore .
he was thinking like a fucking lunatic and that s the one thing he feared the most .
these mainly involved things like how she loved buying clothes and perfumes , and hated dieting and lettuce .
` ` i ' m o.k , but i ca n't say the same thing for my hand though '' .
this meant one important thing .
the fact that you attempted and failed means but one thing , and one thing only , and that quite simply is this ... you are an arse !
the fact that you attempted and failed means but one thing , and one thing only , and that quite simply is this ... you are an arse !
i only knew one thing : whatever i had before was something , and i could never get it back , never go back .
at least we know one thing .
` ` at first minor things , but the last thing i convinced him to doi said ' those guys in gangs are so attractive .
he lacked the nerve to look at her , and he had n't a single interesting thing to say .
the thought of enduing another day in the baking heat of the desert has me frustrated but i should have honed in on the other thing he said a little faster .
i m thinking the same thing that everyone else is thinking about .
i remember that was the last thing i had eaten .
that was the last thing i had expected too .
kolt said the same thing .
i think is the right thing to say .
i did nt press a thing i promise you .
he was not in the way we were , he was different , with a cross in one chain around his neck completely looking dashing , i never saw a boy as smart as he was , but his silence was making himself only worse.goku looked at me as if thinking the same thing which i was .
` ` we will follow him , i wish to have some words with him '' goku said an another thing which was completely impossible because in front of these too many people any one can notice us .
` ` that 's my task , i will give you that and the teaching also , in return i would demand for a single thing which i will tell you later , right now you should just follow me to the store room '' he said and moved inside the room .
` ` this can be answered by him only , no one else can answer it rather than him ` ` i said and closed the matter for that time.the days went on slowly with some jokes and punishment 's given to goku by several teachers , he remained almost out of the class , as soon as the teachers enter , the first thing which they say was this only '' gopal krishna upadhyay , out of the class '' and goku with his smiling face , without any shame moved out , the situation was at such extent that he already used to be out of the class before the teacher came but when sometimes he remained in class and questions were put up by teachers his answers were completely different.it is the incident before our vacation of five days were going to start , we were in class of mr albert einstein , it was the name of our '' mutual understanding '' teacher mr howard whittaker , it was his face only that brought him this name , he asked us '' what you would do when there are frequent robberies in a small village at night , the condition is , the village is having twenty to thirty houses quite apart from each other and you know that it is someone from the village only , mr gilani you start first '' , gilani was the most intelligent of all of us , full of proud .
i was quite amazed that the man knew our old man , but the next thing that came in my mind was that is he also a detective ? .
i was in a real worry at that time '' i do n't know what the things are you talking about but just remember one thing , the best will come to you when you will give the best of yourself , let the horses of life get free and believe in that almighty the things will go on in the way you would have not thought of '' .
hearing his words many questions came in my mind and they did n't take much time to come to the mouth , in the time of that depression , i was not aware what informal thing i was going to ask but i asked it .
` ` i was expecting it , there selection criteria is not completely accurate , they just kept aside the other qualities and include only the study level , '' my hands were willing to hit each other in the favour of that man who had said such a great thing , but i some how stopped them .
the house of whittaker '' , after we took our seat 's the first thing which he said after entering the class was this only .
we were knowing that he was saying all these things as a sort of comment but , it was the least we can do that we stood up when our names were announced ` ` they both will present it , earlier the management used those old ways only to present anything on the stage but this time it will be new and different , the two will be going in place of one on the stage . ''
` ` no we will not and why we should , tell me one thing did she also knew that you like her ?
` ` he would have made it written from priyanshi , she can only write such a thing , '' farhan said looking at me .
` ` yes , it 's ok how many times will you remind us this thing , '' i complained .
` ` nothing great , i do n't know why it happens but i am feeling very close to my friend , '' sir said a thing which make me to put some pressure on my mind , though i was not at all believing in god 's or these spiritual things but at that moment my fortune was forcing me to change my thinking for a while , we moved away from that house , i did not try to look behind also , after few minutes we were far ahead from it , i gave a look to my watch it was three am .
` ` todays night you visited only a single place , but remember , their would be many circumstances where you will visit different places but never make yourself satisfy with whatever you had observed last time , visit it again may you will find something else , '' he stopped here for a moment but was willing to speak some more things .
` ` see its started now , please join it '' he said and i sat in it , without saying a single thing he moved with a great speed .
my mother says i must not pass , too near that glass ; she is afraid that i will see , a little witch that looks like me ; with a red mouth to whisper low , the very thing i should not know - sarah morgan bryant piatt kathryn : charlottesville , va 5:00 am the damned girl stood with her coven before the demon barbatas .
the only thing i can tell you with certainty in this world is that there is no god .
i have one more thing to ask of you , then .
but , i do know one thing : you re going to blow it .
nathan smiled , i only know one thing .
billy sighed , one thing ill have to say about our trip so far .
he was respectful , kind , never had a bad thing to say about anybody .
then i realized that was a stupid thing to say .
she was ten and still thought there was such thing of ghosts .
angelina knew one thing ; she could nt let her sister hurt csar .
she could immediately tell that her question was the wrong thing to ask .
rheumatism was the last thing from her mind .
the first thing she said after the boy left the ideal office for the hospital was : its getting hard to make him stop with the posters .
said same thing .
i lay awake that night wondering if i 'd said the wrong thing .
he accepted my proposal in much the same way , only prior to hanging up he did say one thing : ` ` wiiilll seeend floweeers , '' he said as if gasping for breath , a hacking cough punctuated each word .
` ` does n't mean a goddamn thing . ''
i began to write down the whole thing from the beginning , hoping it would get my mind in order .
and one thing i can attest to you is that people are always the same .
case thought this was an odd thing for sophia to say since she was surrounded by a community of faithful and attentive staff .
that , he said , is about the worst thing you can say about a detective .
the first thing she spoke was , where is hari ?
i will say one thing , that sonofabitch had more patience than any other deader i seen before or since .
i ca nt say i felt fear right then but it was pretty near the closest thing to it .
now an unlettered seaman felt the same thing whilst gazing at the terrible reality .
my brother is also a physician , and also of high standing , and he says the same thing .
i sometimes fancy that in my condition if i had less opposition and more society and stimulusbut john says the very worst thing i can do is to think about my condition , and i confess it always makes me feel bad .
i hardly know how to describe it now in cold blood , but at the time i remember being quite certain of one thing -- that he had become frightened ?
` ` all right , '' i managed to reply , simply breathless with his words and the strangeness of it all ; ` ` all right , i 'll try , but tell me one more thing first .
i believe you fully ; i would trust you before any man alive , ay , before myself , if i could make the choice ; but indeed it is n't what you fancy ; it is not as bad as that ; and just to put your good heart at rest , i will tell you one thing : the moment i choose , i can be rid of mr . hyde .
i will say but one thing , utterson , and that ( if you can bring your mind to credit it ) will be more than enough .
jekyll and mr . hyde ( 1931 ) 5.the fly ( 1986 ) 6.it ( 1990 ) 7.jekyll ( 2007 ) 8.king kong ( 1933 ) 9.night of the living dead ( 1968 ) 10.the thing ( 1982 ) studies in horror asma , stephen t. on monsters : an unnatural history of our worst fears .
there 's things i think i should be tellin ya ... bout this place mostly .
it was apparent that this death omen had to be told a thing or two , and llorona had nt had the chance to be a bitch in a very long time .
that s the same thing you said the first time you took him out .
he had heard the exact same thing on the night he first met her .
you do nt have to prove a damned thing , child !
i guess maybe they have such a thing as un - frozen ice in california -- that 's city folk for you .
` ` there was one thing -- but i ' m not sure what to make of it . ''
when she finally handed me my receipt , i turned to leave -- returning the favor by not saying a damned thing .
or is that the same thing ?
i m afraid i not only do nt believe a thing you ve said today , i do nt even have any interest in any of it .
tell me one thing , did nicholas contact you because he wanted to put some of this into his book , the one he s working on now ?
and what was it you wanted so much to tell her just before she left , the thing you said she had to know ?
one thing no one can ever say about you is that you make a good liar .
you know me , always opening my mouth at the wrong time to say the wrong thing .
one thing you ca nt say is that they had died but were too dumb to stay dead .
remember , i said one thing all these people who return from the dead have in common ?
well , i tried again to talk to him , but he was nt hearing a thing i was saying .
but i 'll tell you one thing , sugar tits , i think he was royally fucked up .
i saw and heard no such thing !
i do n't know what 's really going on around here , but i guaran - damn - tee you one thing , missy .
after getting to the roof she looked at it and said the only thing she could think of that seemed appropriate .
( though technically and biologically , amanda had n't been a girl at all ) he felt like an idiot and replayed the last thing he 'd said before maria gave him the weird look and stopped talking .
just remember one thing , maria .
just promise me one thing , he said , staring at the running figures dressed in black a few dozen yards away staggering down the road toward them .
uh , i want job was the last thing he managed to say before madness swept him into a frenzied homicidal fit .
it gnaws at your edges , consuming you slowly until there is nothing left to do but seek out that one thing haunting your mind .
it must be the last thing her father wrote on it .
it had said the same thing .
there was one thing he had to know and he had to know it now .
the only thing elton was sure of was that the one connection he had to raun was gone .
the only positive thing he could believe about her death was that she had died quickly and probably had not suffered much .
it was the most ridiculous thing amber had heard .
then she recalled every rude and mean thing michelle had ever said .
she would n't have known the first thing about it .
okay , i get the whole , its important to have honest employees who wo nt steal company pens thing , but i m just asking to sweep and mop your floors a few times a day and empty your trash cans at night .
i took a deep breath and recounted everything i could remember in the closest thing resembling a chronological order as i could .
the reality of that lesson came home to me with the next thing williams told me .
he paused and we all waited with bated breath to hear him clarify why he d said such a thing .
is there , uh and i stumbled , looking for the next right thing to say .
when i finally came back to myself and had the presence of mind to speak there was only one thing to say .
as if i could ever forget such a thing .
i can see you re telling me the thing you ve been trying to hide but i do nt understand what you mean .
from everyone elses faces i saw they felt the same thing .
yeah , he said , sure thing man .
the last coherent thing i heard him say was , if i die in this thing i swear i m coming back for you .
then i discovered there was one appropriate thing to say , something which needed to be said .
i turned to jan and said i ve got to know one thing because its really been bugging me .
the only thing i could think to say was , lets go find out .
fucking thing sounded awesome .
jsus flipped back and forth between the two , but surprisingly they both said the exact same thing .
in this part of town , even the sweetest seeming old cooking making grandma type would pull a gun from her purse and gun down who ever made the make to say such a thing .
but that nut - job says the same thing when the cook burns the toast .
i did nt believe in zombies either , if i can be wrong for one thing , why not the other .
lynn acted as she intended to show them a thing or two about shooting a bow .
what a strange man , the first time they really sat down to talk and the first thing he asks her to do was go away with her .
the only thing she was sure of in recent days was that frontier living did not mesh well with a modern apartment in a modern city .
it was just a callous and cruel thing to say .
they re zombies , sven said , as if it were the plainest thing in the world .
we have nt been bitten for one thing , right ?
she turned around and looked him in the eye , and he was sure they were both thinking the same thing .
i have no such thing !
that was a weird thing to say , the vegan knew , but he could nt think of anything else .
the pallor of him , though fitting for a specter , could mean only one thing in the ongoing zombie outbreakthis man who called himself randy was turning .
the one thing i knew i could no longer do was sit and torture him with my silence .
i was so afraid that you would wake up and walk in and think the wrong thing .
its funny that you say that , i was wondering the same thing about you earlier .
that was the one thing i knew for sure .
it was all the things that i had long to say since it had all ended in the first place .
` ` i was thinking the same thing myself .
something was special about this night and the one thing richard seemed to tell her through his passion .
` ` maybe we can agree on one thing ?
nick shook it and said the same thing .
the thing i dreaded as kid .
` ` ummm , '' he said , knowing that was n't the best thing to say .
okay , the first thing i want to tell you is that the likelihood that there will be a cure anytime soon for such a widespread , fast - moving disease well call it that for now for lack of a better term is almost nil .
there were so many things i wanted to say to her , but we had nt had the time since this whole thing began .
i could use respectable terminology when i was dealing with jamie , but right now , it was the first thing that came to mind .
they all agreed on one thing .
but i searched for examples of it in nature , and about the closest thing i can come up with would be a comparison to a creature that morphs into something else on its own , such as a caterpillar into a butterfly , that instinctively knows how to fly even though its never done so before .
and for that , i only want you to promise me one thing .
i did nt think shed be able to say the one more thing .
the thing that they were in awe of was nt really the chemistry between me and jonah , but the beauty of the stolen moment alastor and i shared .
after all , his name was the last thing i said before , why not again ?
if i opened my mouth to speak , i knew the only thing that would come out would be alastors name over and over .
` ` man that 's a gay thing to say ! ''
malcolm could have been angry at him asking such a stupid question but he felt like it was the first personal thing that josh had asked him .
as a matter of fact , all the people that were on the street at the time , said exactly the same thing when questioned .
are you gon na tell me there 's no videotape on top of nobody in town hearing a thing while a massacre is taking place half a block away ? ''
` ` hold your faith close to you at all times ... '' was the last thing the ball of light said to me .
` ` sure thing , mr dussander . ''
they had no secrets from each other , none at all ( except for the fact that dick bowden was sometimes unfaithful with his secretary , but that was n't exactly the sort of thing you told your thirteen - year - old son , ` ` was it ?
` ` as a boy , '' dussander said , ` ` i would have had my mouth washed out with lye soap for saying such a thing . ''
` ` i have one more thing to say , and then you can go when you want what i have to say is that , while i doubt the existence of your letter , never doubt the existence of mine .
it was not a gentle smile ... but it was perhaps as close as dussander could come to such a thing .
for one of the few times in his life , he could not think of a single thing to say .
naturally , the first thing you thought of was ghost .
they- '' ` ` if you 're a medium , '' she broke in , ` ` just tell me one thing . ''
i 'd been thinking the same thing .
` ` i do know one thing , '' i said impulsively .
` ` and she does n't say a thing , '' she said .
` ` the girl left her glasses here last night , '' was the first thing anne said at supper .
she would have sworn on the bible , of course , that she 'd never thought any such thing .
` ` the same thing , '' she said , looking at me concernedly .
` ` when did you write this thing ? ''
for some reason that was the first thing i thought as i jolted to a halt and stared in through the window .
it was the first thing i managed to say .
i ask myself , but that 's one thing , at least , i find i do know .
but he 's twenty - four at most and what 's he going to say to this pretty , severe woman who 's standing inside his space , invading it in a way that can really only mean one thing ?
the first thing he said was , ` ` you screwed up again , kong .
` ` hardly the same thing , '' bill - e laughs .
her expression communicates the same thing that she promised earlier- '' trust me .
i did nt mean to say the wrong thing .
at best , they thought i was bisexual , and to most people there ai nt no such thing .
jean - claude said the same thing , sort of , but his family is centuries dead .
i have trouble when i realize something about someone , some secret thing i did nt know before .
i knew one thing for certain : i did not want them to finish the movement .
what was the last thing i remembered clearly ?
i thought the same thing when you showed up .
i ve got another friend who s a reporter who basically said the same thing .
i thought just now about that very thing .
i would never call my masters wife such a thing .
but that seemed the wrong thing to say .
but looking into his face i was n't sure i meant the same thing he had meant .
it was a look made up of want , and surprise , and the same thing i 'd felt just a moment before , that they were simply beautiful .
i thought of a lot of things to say , the mildest of which was that something being a good thing had n't been enough if it meant he had to use his beast to do it , but out loud i said , ` ` yes , it would be . ''
i think we were all lying there thinking about the same thing when someone 's cell phone rang .
i looked at him , all that male pride hunched in on itself , and said the only thing i had left : the truth .
it was a perfectly reasonable wereanimal thing to say .
that was actually a smart thing to say .
clay wished he could have repeated the thing about the cell phones , but on the whole he was just glad to see the cop out of harm 's way .
it was the sort of thing the heroes of the science fiction novels he 'd read as a teenager were always saying : why do n't we hook up ?
` ` we heard the same thing about the new hampshire border . ''
clay said the first thing that came to him .
they each told one thing they remembered about alice .
it was n't a question of meaning , that was clear enough , just someone 's clever little political statement ( if he looked he 'd probably find the same thing on stop signs all over town , maybe in springvale and acton , too ) , but the sense of how this could be the same when the whole world had changed - that eluded him .
his son had written the same thing both times , in capital letters : please come get me .
and although clay had never said that thing about cell phones not working beyond the conversion point , he would ' ve if he 'd thought of it in time .
the last thing jordan had said before kissing him goodbye and heading north was if you set a new version of the program against the one johnny andthe others got at the checkpoint , they might eat each other up .
it was just about the last cheerful thing she said to either of us that afternoon .
this sounded like the same thing all over again - dennis , you were n't watching him closely enough - and i got angry myself .
this one thing . '
at first it seemed to be nothing but reaction ; i felt the same sort of thing myself , only mine had gone to my head , making it ache like a rotted tooth , and to my stomach , which was sickly clenched up .
it 's ' not cracked , dennis , that 's one thing .
as if reading my thoughts - part of them , anyway lebay said , ' i knew very little about how my brother may have lived or felt during the last years of his life , but i ' m quite sure of one thing , dennis .
so i asked her the first thing i could think of , would she want to go to the football game on saturday .
i work my ass off getting the car street - legal - over two and a half months i worked on it - and when i bring it home , the first thing you say is get it out of the driveway .
' holy christ , that 's the craziest thing i ever heard ! '
that 's the one thing i have n't told my folks or his folks .
' just remember one thing , dennis : nobody misses you .
i had a job in a restaurant back in massachusetts , and the first thing they teach you , even before they teach you the heimlich manoeuvre , is that clapping a choking victim on the back does n't work . '
' they 're both the same thing to me , ' junkins replied .
' just tell me one thing , dennis .
i could feel eighteen years of memories cry out - the ant farms , the chess games , the movies , the things he had taught me , the times i had kept him from getting killed .
' that 's a hell of a thing to say . '
but i need to know one thing , dennis , and i want you to tell me .
the next thing you said was that he never put a mark on either of them . '
' michael , i do n't think he listened to a thing i said . '
and then he said an absurdly touching thing : ' see , they 're all i got to remember will by . '
as i walk you to the door , may i tell you one more thing ?
and i 'll tell you one thing , carvers : when you ' ve got a nutty cop on your hands , i. you ye got a situation . ''
then he 'd found himself telling terry the whole thing .
the first thing you 're gon na get when we hit town indicated that he did n't intend to drag him out of the car , blow his brains out , and bury him next to his scoot .
` ` i think that 's the sweetest thing a guy ever said to me .
and he had this feeling , this weird feeling , as if - ` ` steve , my nice new friend , '' cynthia said in a little voice , looking up at him from the little bit of fuel nacelle she had uncovered , ` ` you 're probably going to think this is primo stupid , the sort of thing dumb broads are always saying in lousy movies , but i feel like we 're being watched . ''
` ` that will be a comfort to me and the baby if your young friend says the wrong thing about his religious instruction and you wind up in court , facing child - abuse charges .
johnny thought that might well be the scariest thing anyone had said to him in his whole life mostly because it rang true .
` ` and it 's a cruel thing to say . ''
` ` but i 'll tell you one thing , young man : it does n't surprise me at all that the land of the dead should turn out to be located in the suburbs of columbus , ohio . ''
he felt an urge to hop the kid over the head with the butt of the rossi shotgun knock him out and shut him up before he could say any thing else .
it was n't a cave - in that closed the china shaft , that 's the first thing .
he was ready for any of them , and perhaps the only thing that could have stopped him was the thing steve ames did say , in the low , almost toneless voice of a man who is only conveying a fact .
it was the last thing the voice had said on that day last fall when he had prayed for god to make brian better .
it was the last coherent thing he said .
' oh god , thank god , and thank you , too , ' the man in the orange hat said to jonesy , and when jonesy grinned - that was a lot of thank - yous - the man laughed shrilly as if to say yes , he knew it , it was a funny thing to say but he could n't help it .
he felt a little foolish saying such a thing - a little auntie - ish - but it was clear the guy needed reassurance .
pete did n't have a clue , but he might say the wrong thing to one of the others , about how preoccupied ole henry had gotten , like there was something on his mind , something heavy , and henry did n't want that .
and now here come the ninth - graders from the second floor , and walking among them like royalty - like uncrowned kings , almost , although pete would never say such a corny thing out loud - are his friends , jonesy and beaver and henry .
that was our finest hour , jonesy had said on the phone , and with a nasty jolt , henry realized he had told pete exactly the same thing .
she had called her boy that same thing .
he could maybe risk one quick look , just raise the lid a little and slam it back down if anything - but sit tight , buddy was the last thing jonesy had said to him , and that was what he 'd better do .
by then they will have taught him how to play parcheesi and a simplified version of monopoly ; by then they will have invented the duddits game and played it incessantly , sometimes laughing so hard that alfie cavell ( he was the tall one of the pair , but he also had a birdie look about him ) would come to the head of the stairs in the kitchen , the ones that led to the rec room , and yell down at them , wanting to know what was going on , what was so funny , and maybe they would try to explain that duddits had pegged henry fourteen on a two hand or that duddits had pegged pete fifteen backward , but alfie never seemed to get it ; he 'd stand there at the head of the stairs with a section of the newspaper in his hand , smiling perplexedly , and at last he 'd always say the same thing , keep it down to a dull roar , boys , and close the door , leaving them to their own devices ... and of all those devices the duddits game was the best , totally bitchin , as pete would have said .
henry did n't think he would ever know exactly what had happened here , but of one thing he was sure : the dreamcatcher had snared a real nightmare this time .
5 mr gray had n't gotten much from janas - mostly that unexpected struggle for control at the end - but one thing which came through clearly was that janas was n't on his own .
he 's still looking at the picture , fascinated , and henry knows what pete is thinking , almost the same thing as he is : she grew up .
henry thinks the ooo ays make duddits look like ray walston in my favorite martian , but he 'd never say such a thing to duds , or think it at him .
mrs cavell , we really have to - ' ' i need to get him one more thing . '
in his heart of hearts , kurtz knew owen had been right about at least one thing : it was over up there .
he then played sound - bites from both the president and maine 's governor , both saying essentially the same thing : take it easy , people , chill .
if the president had said the wrong thing , there would have been sixty thousand by two in the afternoon and maybe six hundred thousand by the time the wave hit new york - the biggest wave of dps since the dust bowl .
' he 's dying , but i think he has one more thing to tell me first . '
of course the devil 's there , too - everyone says so - but maybe truth and the devil are words for the same thing .
` ` i believe that if i ' m a good boy , i may be invited to christmas dinner with jack cantori and his family , '' i said , believing no such thing .
first thing to pop into your mind . ''
` ` i have one other thing to say first . ''
one more thing to tell you , eddie , altho i do n't know how much you will like it .
that was the last thing i would have expected a day after finding out that tom riley was having an affair with my ex - wife ( not that my evidence would have stood up in any court of law ) , but it was an augury of things to come .
there was nothing in the house to suggest such a thing .
` ` what thing , '' she agreed , and nodded .
` ` the thing about his father got to him , i think .
and like the thing about the security guard 's father , i think that may well have been true .
there 's absolutely no statistical reason to think such a thing , but it 's something to hold onto .
the last thing he said was that he was afraid to go to sleep .
that was the one thing i believed .
i had one fleeting thought as i reached the wet and shining hardpack , dotted here and there with tennis balls : the third thing elizabeth had said to wireman was you will want to , but you must n't .
my accident really taught me just one thing : the only way to go on is to go on .
` ` one thing i ' m pretty sure of is that davis was right when he said this was the last delivery . ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing : wireman intends to get down on his fat and aging knees and pray you are . ''
second , one thing i ' ve learned in therapy is that when you feel your most safe , most happy , is when the really painful stuff rears its head . ''
the most important thing i learned about flirting is that it 's not just the equipment you have , but how you use it .
it was the only thing i could think of , and i had no idea what it meant .
they were all thinking the same thing , that mister dillon had pretty well proved curt 's point .
and could you patent such a thing ?
' tell you one thing , ' curt said .
or all of them , thinking that same thing .
he had an idea that the next thing curtis said would be the beginning of an argument , possibly a bitter one .
in each set of eyes i saw the same thing : it 's your call .
curt made no verbal reply to that , but the flash of his eyes suggested that was the last thing in the world he wanted .
and , close to his left ear , curt was murmuring another version of the same thing , telling sandy he was all right , totally cool , fi'-by - fi ' .
' i can tell you one thing , though .
' just tell me one thing : when 'll we have enough to draw some conclusions ?
looking at it like this made one thing clear : i 'd been angry at ned because i 'd been scared for him .
' there 's one other thing i need to tell you .
now , in the year 2006 , i ' m getting ready to pull the pin myself and probably some of my younger guys are thinking the same thing : long in the tooth and slow on the draw .
she processed all this information before finally returning to the last thing he 'd said - that amazing question .
ruth had always been extremely generous with pieces of her mind , and her advice had often scandalized her nineteen - year - old wet - behind - the - ears roommate from falmouth foreside ... which had undoubtedly been the idea , or part of it ; ruth 's heart had always been in the right place , and jessie had never doubted that ruth actually believed sixty per cent of the things she said and had actually done forty per cent of the things she claimed to have done .
i suppose , but i 'll tell you one thing , sweetie : right now you can pulldown the shades , because i do n't want to see any more .
the thing she had to face was that the idea was n't totally ridiculous .
that was a ridiculous thing to say ... but under the circumstances , what was n't ?
the only thing she could remember for sure was something like ` ` he never burned me , he never burned me , he never hurt me at all . ''
let 's get one thing straight , she thought .
also , i want tosay one more thing about adrienne gilette before we leave the subjectentirely ... be my guest .
is n't that just the weirdest thing youever heard ?
that 's a lousy , underhanded , unfair thing to say , he finally replied .
one of the things her mother had said , the most awful thing , tried to rise into her mind .
one of the things her mother had said , the most awful thing , tried to rise into her mind .
at the time , jessie had found this concept of pregnancy so crazy it was almost charming - and who but karen aucoin , who worried about whether or not the light stayed on when you shut the refrigerator door , could have come up with such a thing ?
just tell me one thing , jessie , another voice said .
one thing and we 'll consider the subject closed , at least for now and probably forever , okay ?
sex was n't the first thing that came to her mind when she thought of gerald ( in a word - association test , security would probably have popped out first ) , but that day the two things had been all but interchangeable .
after the first two or three police interviews , she began to tell the cops and all but one of gerald 's colleagues the same thing .
i did n't know how to answer that , ruth , but i did know one thing : there was nothing i could do that would make things any worse than they already were .
brandon said , ` ` there 's one thing you 're going to have to remember and accept , jessie - there 's no empirical proof .
her dad admired gordon because he never seemed to lose his nerve - ` ` flash has got icewater in his veins , '' larry mcfar - land liked to say - and trisha always said the same thing , sometimes adding that she liked gordon because he had the guts to throw a curve on three - and - oh ( this was something her father had read to her in a boston globe column ) .
` ` i hate this , '' pete almost groaned - it was the first clearly articulated thing he 'd said since they got out of the van , and trisha thought : please god , send something .
mom would tell you the same thing and so would dad .
the cold voice had one more thing to say .
it 's the thing you hear , trisha , said the cold voice .
that was the last thing she had heard pete say , and now trisha thought she knew the answer .
the one thing she was sure of was that you would die - and horribly - if you ate the wrong kind .
she wanted to tell this man who was now running with her one thing , one very important thing , but he was jouncing her and she was coughing and her head was ringing and she could n't tell if she was saying it or not .
she wanted to tell this man who was now running with her one thing , one very important thing , but he was jouncing her and she was coughing and her head was ringing and she could n't tell if she was saying it or not .
he knew what she was going through ; he 'd been through the same thing dozens of times in the early days of his work .
` ` okay , i guess that was a stupid thing to say , but i want to know the answer enough to be stupid . ''
` ` no , i say racist because it 's the closest thing i can imagine to his attitude toward vampires .
to that the only thing i could say was , ` ` we will . ''
` ` yeah , but the other one last night that cut up the marshal said the same thing .
i shrugged , not always the most comfortable thing in the shoulder holster .
i said the only thing that i could say in that moment .
a handshake was still the most neutral thing i could think to offer .
that would be the last thing i moved .
i said the only thing i could say : ` ` i promise . ''
` ` it 's not the same thing , anita .
` ` the next thing i cut off wo n't be from your pet tiger .
we let her pour her scary , lonely , insane dark into us , and we drank it down with our comforting hands , our bodies that had made us all home , and the craziness of having too many people , too much going on , but what would we give up , who would we give up , and the answer , in the end , was not a single thing .
` ` let 's go through it again , '' boutillier said in this office just as jeffrey reeves was saying the same thing two floors down .
` ` no , not exactly , but- '' ` ` or that hagarty saw a billion balloons under there , each imprinted with exactly the same thing as what was written on his lover 's hat ?
whenever she reached for him , asked him , he said the same thing : i ca n't remember .
but he was n't going to say any such thing to this new york woman who was looking at him like he was some new and amusing type of life .
it would all be in the first thing she did n't say .
in the silence that followed audra said : ` ` and i know one other thing .
` ` considering some of the things i ' ve heard over the last couple of years , you 'd have to go a fair country distance to convince me you 're crazy , '' i said .
he thought beverly was nicer ... and much prettier , although he never in a million years would have dared say such a thing to her .
but he would never have dreamed of saying such a thing to her , not in ten thousand years of dreaming .
he dreamed of the thing which had happened to him in january , the thing which he had n't quite been able to tell his mother .
` ` i ' m telling you that right now , and when i die i 'll stand at the throne of judgment and look god right in the eye and tell him the same thing . ''
when you get down to hell tell the devil the last thing you ever heard was me telling you to pick on somebody your own size !
` ` okay , but first i have to tell you one more thing , much as i hate to .
but of course he could not say any such thing .
it was the first thing any of them had said since bill denbrough finished his story .
actually , he knew no such thing ... but beverly 's being here had given the equation a crazy skew .
` ` shut up , richie , '' he said , and promptly had trouble believing that he had said such a thing .
` ` i just want to tell you one thing more , and i do n't think you 'll understand it , because i ' m not sure i understand it myself .
eddie repeated stubbornly , ` ` it does n't prove a goddam thing . ''
` ` you do look a little better , '' she said , but she said it doubtfully , as if understanding that this was the proper thing to say but not really believing it .
those things or any of the others you heard in those shitkicking country songs about truck - drivers who wore stetson hats and had cheating on their minds .
it might only have been her imagination , and she certainly had no idea why she had said such a crazy thing , but it bought her an instant of time .
you ca n't prove a fucking thing .
it seemed that stuntpeople had a union too , and this woman had fulfilled her quota of stunts for the week , or some silly thing .
charlotte littlefield would tell you a thing or two , if you could get on her good side ; she teaches over to the high school , and although i reckon she must not have been more than ten or twelve at the tune i bet she remembers plenty .
i heard that plain as day , the only thing i heard any of them say that day .
` ` i ' m about talked out , '' he said , ` ` but i 'll tell you one more thing , since you ` ` pear to be so interested and you listen so close .
glamour , he said , was the gaelic name for the creature which was haunting derry ; other races and other cultures at other times had different words for it , but they all meant the same thing .
that 's the first important thing i ever found out i did n't find out from my mother . ''
` ` fuck all of you if you think the same thing ! ''
` ` we mean the same thing , i think , but they 're not getting it . ''
that was the smell of shots and this was the smell of bullshit and both came down to the same thing : when they said it was just going to be a little prick , something you hardly felt at all , that meant it was going to hurt plenty .
` ` what an awful thing to say , eddie !
it 's not the same thing !
it was n't the kind of thing you wanted to believe or remember .
maybe that had been a stupid thing to say .
bill looked at stan and said a peculiar thing then .
and so a last new thing had come to it , this not an emotion but a cold speculation : suppose it had not been alone , as it had always believed ?
the only thing bill was completely sure of was that they had somehow gotten into a disused section of the derry sewer system .
` ` that 's the one thing i still ca n't remember .
i believe we were both thinking the same thing : it was over , yes , and in six weeks or six months , we will have forgotten all about each other .
one thing i certainly was n't going to tell her even though i knew it for a fact was that the dog puked in my slipper on purpose , the same way that he peed on my underwear on purpose if i forgot to put it in the hamper before i went off to work .
` ` but lulubelle never gave me that dog so she could have it , let 's get that one thing straight .
' but i 'll tell you one thing , mrs . dewitt : you take the cat to the animal shelter for clawing the living room drapes on tuesday , i guarantee you i 'll take the dog to the animal shelter for chewing the bedroom drapes on wednesday .
is my response , and i know the second it 's out of my mouth that it 's the wrong thing to say .
and while i never thought i 'd admit such a thing , tv does get a bit boring after a while , if it 's all you have to keep yourself amused .
` ` that 's the first thing dervish taught me - only a teacher is allowed to teach .
so i say the first thing that comes into my head .
i was right about the first thing , wrong about the second .
i think it was the only thing i said to him during the whole nightmare , and i ' m not entirely sure i did say it out loud .
it was the one thing i could n't get past ; it was stuck in my throat like a chicken bone .
like an idol , she gave only one thing : a feeling of unease deepening steadily toward terror .
` ` your mind , '' she said , ` ` your creativity , that is all i meant '' in desperation , because it was the only thing he could think of , he said : ` ` i know .
the first thing which was not the truth that popped into his head was what he replied : ` ` africa . ''
god takes us when he thinks it 's time and a writer is god to the people in a story , he made them up just like god made us up and no one can get hold of god to make him explain , all right , okay , but as far as misery goes i 'll tell you one thing you dirty bird , i 'll tell you that god just happens to have a couple of broken legs and god just happens to be in my house eating my food and ... and ... she went blank then .
` ` annie , will you tell me one thing ? ''
he 'd been sure of one thing from the start : there really was no misery 's retum .
what the fuck - either way it was the same thing .
he had heard the same thing time and time again .
it came in different wrappers , but it always boiled down to the same thing : i remember getting into the car , and i remember waking up here .
the whole thing was meaningless .
no - pretty well was false modesty if ever there was such a thing .
he knew one thing with some certainty - a lot more was wrong with him than paralysis of the tongue , just as a lot more was wrong with what he had been writing than the missing key or the fever or continuity lapses or even a loss of guts .
but it would be unwise to say such a thing to her .
the best of the misery books , and maybe the best thing i ever wrote , mongrel dog or not .
he seemed waiting for something to happen , waiting for the next thing .
if it had been me , i would not have been waiting for the next thing ; i would have been waiting for the last thing .
if it had been me , i would not have been waiting for the next thing ; i would have been waiting for the last thing .
` ` she was lookin at me with her brown eyes just like lamps , there was a devilish look in them that said turn your cap around back'rds , homer , and climb aboard this hoss , i be first and you be second and let the devil take the hindmost , and there was a grin on her face that said the exact same thing , and i tell you , dave , i wanted to go .
` ` and i says the first thing to come into my mind , which ai n't something you 'd usually say to a lady like ' phelia todd .
something like that , no big deal , but not the sort of thing you would ever say if you knew your kid had less than a month left to live .
` ` a couple of things , reverend rose .
one could not come right out and say such a thing , of course - not in a family newspaper - but father john and sister sheila were doing the best they could to get the point across .
he said the same thing over and over : polly , it 's the police .
and because he did n't know , he flipped the cigarette away and began to go over the whole thing again .
each of the attached notes said the same thing : i told you to leave me alone .
and , of course , the last thing nettle had said to her : ` ` i love you , polly . ''
alan , who wondered exactly the same thing , gathered her into his arms .
he himself did n't know ; the only thing he could say for sure was that he had never seen a blind person think himself back to sight or a wounded person stop his bleeding by an effort of concentration .
` ` same thing that 's in it now , '' brian whispered .
` ` not a thing in the world i ca n't put right , '' he repeated in his new soft and silky voice , and slid back behind the mustang 's wheel .
or it might not - how could he tell such a thing when he did n't know what the situation was ?
` ` there 's one thing you need to find out , henry , as soon as you can . ''
the thing her subconscious had remembered and had manufactured aunt evvie to tell her .
there 's a lot i want to know , but just that one thing will suffice for tonight .
she had heard what had happened to lester , understood that she had somehow been to blame ( or believed she understood , and in the end it came to the same thing ) , and had hanged herself with the tie of her terrycloth bathrobe .
she was the fourth thing that struck me .
the last thing mrs . hollis said when i left was , ` ` you send us something when you can . ''
we did n't always have to say aloud what we were thinking , and i knew she was thinking the same thing i wanted to say , but would n't .
it was ridiculous , but the only thing running through my head was how stupid it was that i did n't get more sleep the night before the apocalypse .
my mother liked to share what she learned while drowning in the dating pool , and the one thing she said over and over was that it took a certain personality to be a soldier , a cop , or a firefighter .
that was n't the only thing i pretended i had n't learned from him .
` ` i ca n't remember the last thing i said to him , but i do n't think it was anything nice , '' i whispered .
i did n't want to say the wrong thing , so i did n't say anything at all .
the one thing i was sure of was that as of that moment , there were ten of us .
that was a horrible thing to say , and i ' m sorry .
` ` i was thinkin ' the same thing , '' skeeter said .
looking back to the poster episode , i see there 's one thing i neglected to tell you , and maybe i should .
they 'll tell you the same thing for free .
' why , they mean the same thing to me as they do to most cons , i guess , ' he said .
i know guys sometimes make things up after they know a thing , but even before i knew about this golf pro guy , quentin , i remember thinking that if el blatch ever burgled my house , and i found out about it later , i 'd have to count myself just about the luckiest motherfucker going still to be alive .
we all said the same thing : we had seen nothing , heard nothing .
and he always croaked the same thing .
` ` but let 's have one thing clear , bart .
that was the first thing , the first real thing , but things had been happening in my mind long before that .
` ` your hit parade , '' with gisele mackenzie singing things like ` ` green door '' and ` ` stranger in paradise . ''
it was a ludicrous thing to say .
she looked concerned and solemn , and it suddenly came to him that an invitation to christmas dinner and not to some new year 's divorce court had been the thing on her lips inside .
' i wondered the same thing .
the one thing in the world i wanted was to be a bloody pirate ... that summer , at least .
let them call him any old thing they wanted .
god , right , goodness , they were names for the same thing - into battle against evil .
of course , being a literary man , it had been the first thing that had come to mind when jimmy cody had thumbnailed danny glick 's case .
they could go to the park and he would tell her the whole thing from beginning to end .
' the same thing you are .
the last thing he said was look out , mark . '
i licked my dry lips and said the only thing i could think of .
he 'd said the same thing about the mini - uzi that had been the gun that the mp5 had replaced for me , so i did n't argue .
but i know one thing for damn sure : you are dangerous , and it is n't the guns and badge that make you dangerous to me and domino , and even crispin . ''
i said the only thing i could think of .
bibiana smiled at me , as if i 'd said a smart thing .
edward said the one thing i hate to hear him say .
which was the wrong thing to say , and the wrong thing to do .
` ` that is the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
i opened my mouth , closed it , then said the only thing i could think of .
` ` he said almost the same thing on the phone .
` ` i think that 's the sweetest thing any girl 's ever said to me . ''
and then he had said an odd thing .
` ` but the thing you got to remember , my boy , is this : those things do n't always come true .
this inhuman place ) repeating the same incomprehensible thing over and over .
` ` sure thing , jacky - boy .
momma getting slowly to her feet , dazed , her face already puffed and swelling like an old tire with too much air in it , bleeding in four or five different places , and she had said a terrible thing , perhaps the only thing momma had ever said which jacky could recall word for word : ` ` who 's got the newspaper ?
momma getting slowly to her feet , dazed , her face already puffed and swelling like an old tire with too much air in it , bleeding in four or five different places , and she had said a terrible thing , perhaps the only thing momma had ever said which jacky could recall word for word : ` ` who 's got the newspaper ?
he closed his eyes and all the old phrases began to parade through his mind , it seemed there must be hundreds of them , ( cracking up not playing with a full deck lostya marbles guy just went loony tunes he went up and over the high side went bananas lost his football crackers nuts half a seabag ) all meaning the same thing : losing your mind .
it is n't just jack , he 's just the one solid thing in all of this you can hang the other things on , the things you ca n't believe and yet are being forced to believe , that thing about the hedges , the party favor in the elevator , the mask ) she tried to stop the thought but it was too late .
it is n't just jack , he 's just the one solid thing in all of this you can hang the other things on , the things you ca n't believe and yet are being forced to believe , that thing about the hedges , the party favor in the elevator , the mask ) she tried to stop the thought but it was too late .
he looked at her , wanting to speak , but knowing the only thing he would be able to say if he did would make them both mad : do n't cry , mom , huh ?
but the kindest thing that could be said about brownsville 's ostensible purpose was that the desert was taking a christless long time to bloom .
` ` i copied the whole thing . ''
still , almost the first thing he 'd said was : ` ` you got a lot of static at home , huh ? ''
she really doubted if he did , but it was maybe the only thing he could have said that would cut her .
while he was bent over the sick man they did n't matter , but he saw their scared faces every time he looked up , their lips forming words that all came down to the same thing : please let us out .
you can call it tube neck or superflu - or captain trips , but it all means the same thing .
it was a ridiculous thing to say , he supposed , but she looked like she might be wearing about $ 20,000 on her fingers .
later , while he was on the borderline of sleep , she had drawn close to him and once again he had been able to smell her sachet , a more expensive version of scent his mother had always worn when they went out to the movies , and she had murmured the thing that had jerked him back from sleep and had kept him awake for another two hours : you wo n't leave me , will you ?
just tell me one thing . ''
` ` sure thing , '' lloyd croaked , and began to cry again .
but what followed was the most amazing thing he had ever heard in his life .
sickness was the thing they were all most afraid of .
one thing that did come up ( this was after harold had wandered away in utter disgust ) was stu asking glen , ` ` if we 're all so psychic , then how come we do n't know when a loved one has just died or that our house just blew away in a tornado , or something ? ''
i ca n't remember a single thing .
but i must say one other thing before i drop the subject of the lone ranger .
and the dark man had told him a very simple thing in his dreams , a thing which had brought him running : i will set you high in my artillery .
and the dark man had told him a very simple thing in his dreams , a thing which had brought him running : i will set you high in my artillery .
and then , for the second time since meeting the kid , he unwittingly said the one thing that could have saved his life - had he not said it , the kid surely would have killed him ; it would have been his queer way of celebrating .
he looked at her , surprised that she had known all along about the thing he would n't say .
i know that 's a hell of a thing to say to somebody you just met but ... oh , my !
they had gone into the monkey - house and the smell in there had hit him like a physical thing , a fist driven not just at his nose but into it .
there may be such a thing as love at first sight in books , but in real life ... '' he stopped , and a slow grin spread across his face .
what 's the one thing ? ''
` ` is that a true thing , or are those the words of a liar ? ''
if they want to send people over here , have them call it a diplomatic mission ... or exchange students ... or any damn thing .
and when the end comes , and when it is as horrible as good men always knew it would be , there is only one thing to say as all those good men approach the throne of judgment : i was misled .
` ` tell me one thing , '' she said .
and glen bateman had said a peculiar thing : ` ` i will fear no evil . ''
it was all the same thing .
it paused above his forehead and larry heard ralph speaking , saying the same thing over and over , and larry joined his voice to ralph 's , making it a litany : ` ` i will fear no evil ...
` ` and i never got you one thing !
the only thing we can be sure about is that the immunes did n't get sick and then throw the sickness off ; they never got sick at all .
tell me just one thing . '
either way , jack reckoned , it came to the same thing .
jack knew that the first thing the man would ask him was why he was not at school .
' we ought to get one other thing straight , though .
and should i tell you another crazy thing ? '
i 'll tell you another thing : you got no choice .
' tell you one other thing .
because i knew i could n't have made up that thing .
' that was the one thing my dad said never to tell you .
i 'll tell you one thing , jack - those guys were even more scared of that place than my father was .
' oh jason , what a dumb thing to say .
write any damn thing i pleased without the new york times book review looking over my shoulder the whole time i wrote it .
' i did n't like him much ' that 's a hell of a thing to say about your husband , he almost replied , then did n't .
it was a hell of a strange thing to say , a downright rude thing to say , but that did n't bother me as much as the way he said it .
it was a hell of a strange thing to say , a downright rude thing to say , but that did n't bother me as much as the way he said it .
he might have told her just the same ... but then the doorbell had rung , liz had gone to answer it , and she had said exactly the wrong thing in exactly the wrong tone .
' clawson asked her the same thing - if george stark was really thad beaumont .
and when he asked that last question ... about the thing written on clawson 's wall ... you might as well have had a neon sign on your forehead . '
and that weird thing i wrote . '
according to the folklore , a psycho.could stab a woman twenty or forty times outside of a twenty - chair barber shop at high noon on seventh avenue and no one would say a thing except maybe could you trim it a little higher over the ears or i think i 'll skip the cologne this time , joe .
- but it always came back to the same thing : how did you know that ?
there were two cops outside his door , and he had n't told them a thing .
sheriff pangborn was not saying a thing thad had not foreseen , and he was pointing out the holes in his story a good deal more kindly than he might have done , but thad found that he was still bitterly disappointed ... almost heartsick .
what i ' m saying is pretty flat : this is not the sort of thing any police officer could accept without strong proof and there is none . '
this struck alan as a very odd thing for thad to say ... if he had planted the one precognitive note and lied about the other .
because that 's not just what they want to believe ; it 's what they already believe .. 'i do n't know any such thing , ' stark said calmly , almost amiably .
' that 's the craziest thing i ever heard , ' liz said flatly .
but conan doyle had sherlock holmes say at least one thing that still holds true in crime detection : when you eliminate all the likely explanations , whatever is left is your answer no matter how improbable it may be . '
' they do n't think any such thing , ' alan replied gravely , ' at least not at this point , and they wo n't , as long as you go on keeping your wilder tales to yourselves . '
christ , there were enough real writers who could n't exist unless they were writing , or felt they could n't ... and in the case of men like ernest hemingway , it really came down to the same thing , did n't it ?
but he felt sure of one thing : the sparrows which had come tonight , the real sparrows which had come just before the trance had swallowed him , were only a fraction of all possible sparrows .
no matter how hard he tried , no matter how mightily he concentrated , the only thing he had been able to write was his own name .
the only thing he was really sure of was that he had a terrible feeling in his guts .
if you say the wrong thing , he 'll know .
he wanted to tell harrison and manchester to leave them alone , he would be right up , but recognized reluctantly - that such a remark was not exactly the sort of thing you said when you wanted to allay suspicions .
' above all , beth , you want to remember one thing .
' you 're not supposed to smoke , rawlie , ' was the first thing he could think of to say .
' i do n't know , ' alan said , and then , supposing it was the thing fuzzy wanted to hear : ' it sounds pretty suspicious . '
the word of a southern man , which is not a thing given lightly . '
' your kids would tell you the same thing , if they could talk . '
' i do n't know any such thing , ' greg stillson said .
' tell me one thing , at least , ' he said .
' now you just say one more thing and maybe we can be done here .
he had written it carefully , afraid that he might betray himself and say the wrong thing .
dees screamed , apparently summoning up the worst thing he could think of .
well , she knows the thing she needs to know .
maybe the one thing i know is a good man from a bad one .
there was no guarantee he could tell him a thing .
' that 's the craziest goddam thing i ' ve ever heard , ' he said finally .
that 's a shit thing to say , i know . '
the man in the back seat said one more thing and then he was gone , striding away rapidly , his long hair swinging against the collar of his shirt , not looking back .
the last thing he had said to warren richardson was : ' q - tips . '
v : but he said one more thing before he passed out , did he not ?
ve : thank you , dr ... . va : may i say one more thing ?
sometimes practical and ruthless were just different words for the same thing .
but his little show had proved one thing : that i needed someone to show me how nathaniel worked .
` ` well , that 's a hell of a thing to say , '' i said , with as much indignation as i could muster .
hell , once i 'd thought the same thing about monsters .
` ` sorry , edward , i did n't hear a damn thing you said . ''
travis tried to grab my face in his hands , tried to take my beast into him , but the lioness was too close to the surface , and we agreed on one thing .
i thought of one thing to say , but was n't sure if it would make things better or worse .
i ' m not hurt , i hurt ; it 's not the same thing . ''
i said the only thing i could say : ` ` yes . ''
i think we were thinking the same thing .
he looked too young to be standing there , but then there were a couple of other guards that i thought the same thing about .
i could have said so many things , but the one thing i said was the one that amazed me most .
i could have said so many things , but the one thing i said was the one that amazed me most .
or ... but one thing had to be clear between us .
you ca n't explain that you see the monsters as people without implying that the bigoted bastard that just said the stupid thing does n't see them as people .
i said the only thing i could think of : ` ` get away from him . ''
i remember thinking , why , the man 's quite insane ; and then he said the queerest thing : ' the switch ...
on some level i believed him completely , as we always believe , on some level , the worst thing our hearts can imagine .
i thought a thousand things in just two seconds -- that 's what it seemed like , anyway -- but the last thing i thought was the most powerful : if my dad met up with the man in the black suit , i did n't think my dad would be the one to do the thrashing .
i thought a thousand things in just two seconds -- that 's what it seemed like , anyway -- but the last thing i thought was the most powerful : if my dad met up with the man in the black suit , i did n't think my dad would be the one to do the thrashing .
you do n't know any such thing . ''
all this spring i ' ve been hearing things about that damned arrowhead thing , none of it good .
is n't that just the awfulest thing you ever heard ? ''
so in its place came anne 's voice , saying the same thing for the third time , telling her she was getting funny in the head , getting weird like uncle frank , telling her they would be measuring her for one of those canvas coats you wear backwards soon enough ; they would cart her up to the asylum in bangor or the one in juniper hill , and she could rave about flying saucers buried in the woods while she wove baskets .
there could not be a tiny sun in the bottom of bobbi 's hot - water tank , nor a new gear on her tomcat which suggested levitation ... but it would have been easier for him to believe either of those things than to believe that bobbi had written a four - hundred - page novel called the buffalo soldiers in the three weeks or so since gard had last seen her c a novel that was , just incidentally , the best thing she had ever written .
9 ' of course i worked until i damn near dropped , that 's one thing , ' anderson said .
come to think of it , he had heard people c most of them his college students in the early seventies c say the same thing about various drugs .
' that 's a shitty thing to say . '
drifting off , he found himself thinking again about the last thing bobbi had said during their discussion .
for one thing , there was a grisly sort of compulsion in knowing the things jesus told her .
daddy 'd beat you three shades of blue for saying such a thing c one for lying , another for believing it , and a third for raising your voice .
she thought of adding how he sometimes told her he was surprised she could wipe her own butt without an instruction manual , and then decided that was n't the sort of thing you told the savior .
among others , these were a few of the things jesus told her , causing ' becka to sleep poorly and to begin biting her fingernails at the advanced age of forty - five : in 1973 , moss harlingen , one of joe 's poker buddies , had murdered his father .
' sometimes i believe the only thing i ' ve ever learned in my whole life is that children break things . '
' how could i know a thing like that unless you told me ? '
hearing such a thing from bobbi anderson ( while you 're still allowed ) of all people , bobbi anderson who was just about the kindest i did n't hear anything like that , she thought , and grasped the idea with a sort of tired eagerness .
i know how crazy i must sound , but if you look into my face , you 'll know one thing , at least : i believe what i ' m saying . '
' i ai n't telling you a thing , trooper dugan , ' ev said .
hillman paused and then said another alice in wonderland thing .
maybe that was n't such a bad thing to know , either .
' just tell me one thing . '
gardener was sure of one thing c it was n't the last .
you wo n't ; if i want a thing to be , if i mean a thing to be , that thing will be ; i am going to haven and i am going to cut a wide swath there .
probably robert capa , ernie pyle , thought the same thing from time to time .
he supposed there was no way to tell such a thing in advance .
' i want you to tell me just one thing , and then i 'll take these . '
this one thing .
last thing last thing last thing then filled up with 9s .
last thing last thing last thing then filled up with 9s .
last thing last thing last thing then filled up with 9s .
i doan want to say these thing !
surely it had said no such thing c it had been his imagination .
he never would have believed you could miss the gut that jutted out in front of you , the gut that had eventually gotten big enough to hide even the tips of your shoes c he 'd had to lean and peer to find out if he needed a shine or not c especially he never would have believed it if you 'd told him such a thing was possible while he was climbing a flight of stairs after too many drinks the night before , clutching his briefcase grimly , feeling a dew of sweat on his forehead , wondering if this was the day the heart attack was going to come , a paralyzing pain on the , left side of his chest which suddenly broke free and ripped down his left arm .
' it just ... it seems hard to say anything that is n't the wrong thing . '
and i think it 's only fair to tell you one more thing , heidi c if he can reverse it , if i find i have a future to look forward to after all c i will not spend that future in fairview .
that 's the stupidest goddamn thing i ever heard .
all of them had bumper stickers saying things like split wood , not atoms and u.s . out of el salvador and legalize the weed .
well , i promise you one thing .
the last time you saw me i was forty pounds overweight and now i look like i ' m trying out for the part of the scarecrow in the remake of the wizard of oz and the first thing out of your mouth is ` ` did he poison your food ? '' '
' well , there 's one more thing i believe in , william .
' i tell you one thing c i bet that old man did n't know the guy was rock and rolling while he was supposed to be watching for me . '
' well , maybe he wo n't , ' he said , ' because that is the same thing your brother said last night .
' but there is one thing you should know , mister c our paths will cross again .
most everyone in the rock had gone to such a one - room school ( or thought they had , which comes down to almost the same thing ) .
his tag line , ' nope , nothing wrong here , ' became one of those national catch phrases , meaning roughly the same thing as ' stay cool ' and ' no sweat ' .
nope , not a single thing wrong here .
that thing ... did you see it ?
she thought that the only thing keeping him from springing at her was his total amazement that she should be saying these things at all .
cujo was a bright dog , as dogs went , and knowing ( or guessing ) such a thing was by no means out of his mental reach .
that 's just the kind of thing she would have said in a situation like this .
one thing did n't necessarily prove the other , did it ?
you - ' ' i never thought any such thing , ' vic said , hoping he did n't sound guilty .
' the most important thing to remember right now is that there are no signs of violence . '
the thing about the pinto not being here had only been momentarily promising after all .
he understood only one thing : he loved anna with all his heart and he was n't going to leave her .
it 's a nice thing to say , she thinks , like a blessing or a toast or a birthday wish or a funeral sermon - and she knows that words have the power to make things true if they 're said right .
it 's a nice thing to say , she thinks , like a blessing or a toast or a birthday wish or a funeral sermon - and she knows that words have the power to make things true if they 're said right .
well , little girl , he says , that 's a funny thing you just uttered .
because i was just now thinkin the same thing about you .
he looks like someone who could slap you or kiss you and you would n't be able to tell which one is coming and it would mean the same thing either way .
that 's a true thing , moses nods in acknowledgment .
i - the thing i have to say is - i lost my father tonight .
it ai n't the wrongest thing i ever heard .
i promise you one thing , mr . royal , moses todd announces , she ai n't easy to kill , that one .
one more thing , he says , and even though she stops to listen she does n't turn around .
can i ask you one thing , though ?
you die , and that 's one more thing i got ta carry around with me .
she tells the old woman these things while those ancient fingers work the clattering needles against each other , but temple leaves her there in the outspreading shade - because the only common language between them is the argot of desolation , whose words are really just meant for the deafness of the wide , wide sky .
i 'll tell you one thing , maury .
i was beginning to suspect the same thing about you , moses todd says .
now that 's a true thing , he says .
that 's as true a thing as you ever said .
that 's a touching thing you just said , big brother .
but - but , he stutters , the things you said last night ... she laughs high and clear , slapping her palms against his chest as though he were a drum , an instrument in her own perverse and ritualistic dance .
the thing i said about you - your soul .
i been around a long time , and if there 's one thing i learned it 's that the things that look most dangerous usually ai n't .
you got to know what it is - to hear such a thing and crave for it so to be true but also know at the same time that it ai n't .
the only thing he can say is her name , a repetition that is just as questioning as it is confirming : mattie .
one thing you could say about her , she balanced the log books like a true accountant of life .
he had never called a woman such a thing in his life before , but she had surprised an anger out of him that he had never suspected .
my second attempt to conquer the bidet was brought about by a macho american male we can accomplish all attitude thing .
one thing he said hit me like a bolt of lightning .
do nt rightly know , clem said , i ai nt seen hide nor hair of him this morning , but i can tell you one thing , yesterday he set records .
it was so bad , no one knowd that he had tried to write a thing on it .
that s the first thing , and it would have most likely been enough by itself to get them boys in a world of hurt .
this was the third time that she had been told the same thing !
the best thing to say about it is that your aunt helen needs time alone to think about difficult things -- adult things -- things a little girl like you ca n't really understand . ''
apparently , a lot of people thought the same thing .
i ve thought the same thing .
really , the whole thing could be said in less than a minute .
on reflection , that is a fairly prosaic thing to say to my apparently disturbed and hitherto unknown identical twin .
the next thing i pick up is a shoe .
i see the same thing when i look in the mirror .
the way i see things right now , i do n't have a damn single thing to live for anyway , so i might as well relax and watch my execution unfold .
all i get from him is a load of fancy robot talk for the same thing pa used to say , which was that you ca n't escape the inevitable , so that old grumpy bastard from the metal box was doomed to teleport out of here and then die of some kind of heart attack .
the one thing i need hardly impress upon you , but can not but implore , is that you must take utmost care in everything you do with the lazarus coffin .
if i ever saw a fella like that , i 'd think only one sorry thing about him .
at first i thought he was trying to gyp me so i took them to two other places and they all said the same thing .
donna said the same thing to me again today , and it was like a fire alarm went on .
it was , in an odd way , maybe the kindest thing anyone had ever said to her .
as she spoke the line , her image on the screen said the same thing .
i guess the first thing i say is congratulations .
that was not a horrible thing , just an untrue one .
the thing she needed to trust was her instinct and her faith in her daughter , not her emotions .
one thing i ve learnt throughout my years of service is that the king 's command must be obeyed .
well , i was going to ask you the same thing .
why ever would you presume such a thing ?
yes , i m as sure as a sure thing .
ooh , that s the nicest thing you ve ever said to me .
well , take this last night thing for example .
the only thing that we learned from the crime scene is they wanted the bowl and nothing else : that was the only thing they wanted .
another thing , john said , is that it was a way to humiliate the school , right before homecoming .
that just might be the most stupid thing i ve ever heard a grown man say .
i said that same thing to the sheriff .
i eventually decided on one thing i felt safe telling the preacher .
the mayor acted as if i d not said a thing .
that s another thing preacher roy said i could count on .
you do nt believe i heard any such thing , do you ?
one other thing before i forget .
the same thing went for the mayor who also had no idea of whom to trust .
if one more thing oh !
` ` not the first thing that comes to my mind , '' replied jonathan .
did you write that thing about the fire ?
cory must have been thinking the same thing as i felt her pointing her head away from my neck towards my chest , sending any noxious gasses away from my face .
one thing i felt when i was in the village yesterday was that the life we have here along the stream bank is the most precious and essential thing to preserve .
aw shucks , thanks pearl , said louie feeling honoured that someone as special as pearl baker - moth would say such a thing .
one thing i do know and that ill always maintain is that ben and i are the notebook , he knows what i mean .
her physical maturity says one thing while her emotional says another .
should know by next week , he says , hoping his father will forget the whole thing by then .
the session concludes with him not having said a thing .
been married three years , and i can tell you one thing , unlike carl , george and i are nt fine .
real buffali , real meat , the real west , he says , then , his tone turning somber , he continues , hattie told me the whole thing about you and her , your little tiff saturday night .
i bet people say or think the same thing about me , but what ?
then both look at each other and laugh at the fact that they said the exact same thing at the same time .
for the last two weeks , the permie residents would wake early and play all over lost secret making her come out every day and repeat the same thing .
i made zeke sign the same thing before i treated him .
huge , all you can eat buffet , she could nt eat one more thing .
you re a sweet kid , rebecca , but there are some things you do nt need to know .
he could n't change anything for her , and even if she was n't fond of it , it was the only thing he could offer .
i ca nt think of one good thing anymore .
in fact , you used to think the same thing .
` ` do n't say such a foolish thing .
you ca nt tell me one little thing ?
the whole irony thing was a lifestyle choice you needed a lifestyle to perfect .
she said things like , i was in the supermarket the other day and the tins of beans looked so scared , like they were afraid i d buy them .
too much of the wrong thing , i dare say .
at that point i knew one thing ; i had to return home asap to dig out teds files and pore over them with daniel .
as he shook the proffered hand tony reflected that the major would probably have said exactly the same thing just before going over the side on d day .
with one thing and another he d had enough .
she said the same thing about me when i told her that the placement she had found one of my kids was rubbish .
when she said the same thing about you i thought we might get on quite well so i gave you a ring .
sparky turned , forcing out the first thing that came to mind , probably .
the ridicule at the office , the shame of being left naked in the woods , the torment of jeb jenkins talking about , well , every damn thing the man said was torment .
he continued , i ve spent a lot of time with my kids and they do the same thing : ' daddy i do n't want to have mayonnaise on it . '
i stood there bewildered , thinking of the things he 'd said , the sweet moments , the romantic gestures .
that is seriously the grossest thing i have ever heard .
but then i remembered what he said when he d was ending things , and the i want to keep it casual thing .
regardless of how slowly i walked i could not think of a single thing .
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa , was the extremely loud thing that he screamed next at the top of his lungs .
nothing she was doing then seemed real or important and the only thing she could think of was the next night of drinking and getting through the courses she had and graduating with grades that were nt fs at christmas and going on to do the same thing in the spring .
shed said that exact same thing countless times before so it was easy not to believe her .
what was a nice thing to say ?
i d said one insensitive thing about her body ; i was nt going to say something else .
it was a total richard thing to say .
it was the only thing that did nt hurt .
my mothers voice was the last thing i expected to hear , and the least welcome .
the one thing he d made clear : he was into me .
i d heard every racist thing someone dared say to me .
the first and last thing out of his mouth is a question about how you re doing .
caleb told me the same thing at least once a day , and usually when we were making out .
technically , he d said that he was nt ready to be a father , but , if you asked me , it was the same thing .
the baby thing was weird though ; i thought that was a bit extreme .
oh , he s a foreigner , she thought to herself , and remembered another thing her mother always taught her .
the look has a number of abundant uses , yet they all say one thing loud and clear ; i as a woman am right and you as a man are wrong .
jeremiah was enraged by the idea , but back tracked his exchange in his head and reflected that he should have prefaced the whole baby thing with an adverb of some kind ; devil child .
and one other thing mr . iyare ?
no , no , just resting my eyes , which is the international lie for of course i was sleeping , but it makes me seem weak for some odd reason to admit such a thing , so ill just say i was nt .
about the only thing the mud and the water ever agreed upon .
the only thing she managed to squeak out was , b - butchy .
i suspected he d made up the whole hummingbird thing , but he insisted it actually was a real dish in some obscure country like wingtopia or someplace .
when the dentist handed me a mirror , the first thing i said was they looked really big .
i thought that was the worst thing she could have said .
i strongly suspected he was making up the whole thing just to get us to come back next weekend .
every time i brought my work up to the sewing teacher so she could examine it , shed say the same thing , rip it out !
when he did nt say anything , i did what i was famous for doing ... i blurted out the first thing that came to mind .
and ill tell you another thing i m never going to get married !
it was at that point that duncan said the most sensible thing he d said since i d known him .
the only thing anyone could be certain of was that in any case he took on , he invariably won .
strange thing to say is nt it ?
hey , that s not a nice thing to say .
in fact , it sounded like just the sort of thing they d say if they were investigating the illegal purchase of a chemical weapon .
duncan , have nt you heard a thing i ve said ?
exiled was pretty much the last thing i remember being said to me and i seem to remember it was said quite aggressively in my ear , before i was sent flying through the air .
you know that s the first decent thing you ve said since chapter 12 .
in fact , telling her he 'd go hunting in the morning was the first thing owen had said to her after they 'd finished thrashing around on the table in the wine cellar last night .
` ` i said it 's ok . '' ` ` so , can i ask you one more thing ? ''
not because he 's dishonest but , you know that thing about the shark if it ever stops moving it dies well , if the salesman every stops to think about what he does , he would n't be able to carry on .
let 's get one thing straight here whose strategy are you talking about ? ''
still , it seemed like a very strange thing to say .
but it seemed like a good thing to say . ''
the oracle will tell me ... things ... and stuff ... '' the paladin was n't entirely sure what benefits the visit would bring , but one thing was sure for him .
` ` sure thing , ducky . ''
but it sounded like a good thing to say . ''
the bright blue eyes staring back at him from the mirror said one thing : watch out world .
he wondered the same thing himself for just a moment .
yes , well , i tell you one thing , i d hate to have crossed a man like him .
well , joe b. was thinking of something else too , but not the same thing .
i want it to be the last thing i ever hear .
does the word pub mean the same thing out in the depths of the universe ?
that s a ridiculous thing to say .
surely only the guilty mind of somebody carrying out a test would think to say such a thing so quickly .
believing they were thinking the same thing hugo stood to tell the world , starting with the garden .
brick had only heard one thing .
spiritwind could only think of one thing to say .
brick said the first thing he thought , as per usual .
after several months of stins , the one - legged window cleaner , saying pretty much the same thing to yo - yo 's mother , it was time to clear off and leave the grown - ups to their mysterious vomit - inducing - but - often - knicker - removing verbal dance .
he was his own special brand of non government organization and mammonism was the closest thing he had to a religion .
i ve already guessed one thing .
how about you tell me one thing , and ill get you to cross it off .
i think i was wrong about this whole not sleeping together thing .
http : //www.bittenbyparanormalromance.com/2012/03 / review - of - reluctant - protector.html ? zx=524a2a64926fc82a ~4 - four black hearts from paranormal romance party~ ` ` the first thing that i have to say is that this book is very hot ! ! !
and oh yeah , if were going to do this , you have to promise me one thing .
bugs , timmy and francis could nt say a thing .
sir , you do know we were locked away for the very thing you re asking us to repeat .
gabriel had said one thing , but when pressed , admitted to the opposite .
oh , that 's where the whole sinners will burn thing comes from ?
but yeah , the kindest thing to say about it is that it really does n't fit in very well .
sure thing , little lady .
yeah , i 'd think the same thing too , but there 's other stuff , dave said .
lenore : the ladder thing is just common sense .
how dare stephen say such a thing !
the last thing that anyone would ever have expected to hear from her .
i have only one thing to say to you .
he looked ominously over the waiting throng , then said the last thing many of them had ever expected to hear .
jack blurted out the first thing that came into his mind .
but for such a thing to come from the mouths of his children was unthinkable !
on christmas eve night that could only mean one thing no , it could nt be !
well , stylistically , is a cross between elliott smith and kurt cobain , if such a thing can be imagined .
cuddy nodded enthusiastically for the manager had told him the same thing .
it meant the same thing as harijan , but for some reason it enraged me even more .
how could any sane person suggest such a thing ? !
i distinctly heard you say such a thing .
but there was one thing i needed to know .
i will not violate our bargain , but be certain of one thing , mercedes .
that s a very interesting thing for you to say , little key .
ten new voices entered the mental link and each one said the exact same thing .
but in uttering such a thing to me , the god had already proven himself to be a liar .
how can you say such a thing , brother ?
mercedes and my relationship with her was the only thing i could have faith in .
i said the same thing to shadow , i replied coldly .
but right now the only thing in my mind was the knowledge that tarasque was going to kill someone i loved .
morgan and i avoided looking at one another , but i knew we were both thinking the same thing : would shadow and mercedes give their lives so that the untouchables could be free from the tyranny of the elites ?
` ` that 's the first intelligent thing i ' ve heard all goddammed day . ''
` ` there is one thing for me to know .
that s not the kind of thing you say , emmett .
` ` and that '' he observed with a wry smile ` ` is just not the sort of thing that you say to the old buzzard ! ''
he recoiled , sucking in his own breath in the hope of suppressing his beer fumes and backed off to a safe distance before saying the first thing that came into his head .
` ` oh , yes , but that does n't prove a thing , does it ? ''
but that 's just the sort of thing a lawyer would say . ''
` ` the other thing that sits in the back of my mind all the time , is what the chemical engineer at head office said .
this person then whispers the same thing to the next person , who whispers to the next person , who whispers to the next personuntil the message arrives at the last person .
the one thing that we can be certain of is that were here .
only one thing ran through my mind before i lost consciousness : operation quarantine was completed ; now we 're trapped in the wipe out .
ares chuckled heartily , not seeming to have noticed a thing i ve just said , we better go soon before era catches up to us .
` ` you know , i was thinking the same thing , so i have a few theories myself , '' i decided to break the ice .
ethan rolled his eyes then turned to me , ` ` what was it again about that me being the source thing ? ''
they re getting away , was the last thing i heard .
i felt so stupid because that suddenly became the only thing i learned to say .
i promised ethan she would be safe , i also promised her that same thing .
like i said , if there was one thing anyone should know about me .
emily seemed to be thinking the same thing as she stepped out from her hiding with her hands raised , the urgency in her eyes told me that our guess was wrong .
it was a useless thing to say at this point but somehow , i just felt like she needed to know .
because of what we can do , and because of one other thing .
the only thing she could come up with was what was the thing that was bothering her earlier .
the best thing i can say is be yourself .
about the only thing he could think of to say was the same he had told angelicas mother .
to most people it might have seemed a curious thing for a lecturer in romance linguistics to say but he knew it to be true .
if i was to be caught saying such a thing in public i could spend the rest of my days rotting in jail .
it is a highly seditious thing to say .
every time dad chanced upon larry in the corridor confiding his fake origins to some pretty , pony - tailed undergraduate , telling her that his parents originated in nice , and even though the family had now lived in this country for many years , he still found that he had difficulty adjusting to the low levels of light , dad would come up behind him and say the same infuriating thing that he always said .
in the inevitable long lapse between the roast and the pudding mum always used to say the same thing : jean metcalf and cliff michelmore could nt see each other .
the other thing she always says is that i m gullible and i m easy prey for anybody who wants to deceive me .
now why would i say such a thing , why i wonder ?
if that stupid old fool repeats one more thing ill make full use of this weapon .
why would i say a silly thing like that , no , no , my dear fellow you ve misheard , yes , misheard , that s what you ve done .
no , i m not repeating a thing .
there is a scottish novelist named robert louis stevenson , he wrote a book called dr jekyll and mr hyde or some such thing , have you read it ?
its poppycock , said sir rupert , its all poppycock , how can any thinking man say such a thing , poppycock , its just poppycock .
no such thing , old boy .
ill tell you one thing my lads told me .
same thing , same thing .
jerome why not just end the whole thing here and now , and we can be just good friends , otherwise ill have to say things i do nt want to say .
the same thing happened with ufos in the fifties : first aliens were just something loons with foil helmets cared about , then war of the worlds came along , and suddenly everybody was seeing them .
they studied the whole notion of credibility : how it was possible for one to be incredible to some people but perfectly believable to others , all the while saying the same thing ; and how to go about saying completely contradictory things to different people and seem perfectly consistent .
they studied the whole notion of credibility : how it was possible for one to be incredible to some people but perfectly believable to others , all the while saying the same thing ; and how to go about saying completely contradictory things to different people and seem perfectly consistent .
the point is that he s got about a billion followers , who all believe the same thing .
has she ever been politically inconsistent , changed her mind about something , not practiced what she preaches ; you know , said one thing and done another said barney with a note of desperation .
all the same thing , cat .
the only thing you 're likely to learn from him is not to set fires on any blacksand you find .
this was close to the first sensible thing anyone had ever heard her say .
are nt we forgetting one thing ?
sure thing , little buddy .
you know , said the garbage collector while thoughtfully scratching his beard , i think you and i believe mostly the same thing .
it was impossible for his trained , legal mind to accept such a thing .
it pretty much means the same thing .
one thing popped into her mind .
the only thing you need to know to make this work is this : you love blake and you want to be with him .
the first thing that came to her mind was the lack of dreams involving vampires .
it was the last thing he d heard on a station that morning : yearning , keep them burning , keep them earning .
i know that s not the politically correct thing to say but its the only way i know how to describe it .
hey , if bea ever gets the guts to call me i will tell her the same thing just to make her feel badnot that she dumped me or anything .
let me just tell you one more thing about bea , virg , and then ill shut up about her .
you might think this is a childish thing to say , but i ' m not sure how we got here .
jamie : well that 's the nicest thing you ' ve said to me in months megan : it 's true , james .
that 's exactly what i was telling him last week i was telling him the exact same- the exact same thing last week .
i might have been able to get some more information out of him , but i got the most important thing which was my satisfaction .
bea nodded to show she would say the same thing .
i could think of only one more thing i wanted to ask .
i put my hands on her shoulders and then said the only other thing husbands could say at times like this .
each date was the same and unfortunately , the only thing written on the back .
no one expected that kind of thing at an employment termination hearing .
there was one more thing i had to know .
you will know no such thing as fear no such thing you will not feel fear even when confronted with the most horrifying , terrifying , petrifying monster !
from this simple fact we can take a guess that whatever you went through it probably was n't major depression , bipolar , or any such thing .
a tried and tested rule of thumb in this situation is to assume that he was thinking exactly the same thing as you would .
instead of depression you 'll have circadian clock malfunction , stress induced hypothalamic atrophy disorder , dopamine insufficiency disease , or some such thing .
i do nt believe in such a thing .
that 's a terrible thing to say .
i hope were talking about the same thing .
it could only mean one thing -- that he had something very unpleasant to discuss .
` ` that was a nice thing to say , selena stated .
` ` is n't that a great thing for a mother to say ? ''
hand gestures said one thing : eyes and charming smiles belying his true intentions .
the roman traffic was murder at this time of the morning , and he had nt heard a thing mel had said or the rest of the passengers had willed upon him .
do nt need to tell her a damn thing .
then you can tell her that she looks like a right old scrag this morning : the worst thing a babe can hear , but shell be ready for it .
first you say one thing , then another .
no such thing , he said , dismissing the accusation .
i know one thing , megan .
i realized too late that i said and thought the same thing in unison .
that s a dangerous thing to say if you do nt mean it .
the best thing about the proposal is that the software is free .
finally , i said the only thing i could think of .
are you- i searched for an explanation that was a wendell alternate and could only come up with one thing , glad for my wine - fueled audacity .
i opened my mouth to respond , closed it , swallowed , and said , its not the same thing , and i ca nt believe you re taking his side in this .
it is exactly the same thing , he countered .
finally , i said the only thing that made sense , which was made easier by the anonymity of darkness behind my closed eyelids .
i think that s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me .
it was a great speech , in english , and she had written the whole thing by herself .
councillor ted scampi could be seen letting off steam towards just about anyone who appeared on the television news on the set above the bar , even though he could nt hear a thing anyone was saying because the volume was muted .
it 's not , however , ok to go on believing the wrong thing once you have cause to doubt it .
i could n't bring myself to say the same thing about nicole worth .
` ` myron mentioned the same thing but it ll be kept password protected .
conversational tone , straight - faced , it seemed to the whole world like she thought it was a perfectly acceptable thing to ask .
that was about the strongest thing i could say and i stood up and walked to the door , tim following me hot on my heels , no doubt ready to explain to myron how i was bigoted against him because of his bionic nature .
i mean , just look at him , the poor thing ; that limp hair , those awful clothes .
sensing he d said the wrong thing , he opted for a safe return to his evening meal while the siblings debated the news with more consideration .
17 million results and they were all suggesting the same thing .
it was the first thing he remembered passing his lips since his last drink of the night , a drink which was now sweating itself out of his body and taking its odour with it .
it was nt that he could nt do the work his school reports had all said the same thing .
that s such a man thing to say .
dumb thing to say .
mine said the very same thing .
he took out the book and skimmed through the first chapter , but at the end of it could nt remember a thing he d read .
antonia had thought this was a surprising thing for anyone to say , even for someone who mysteriously appeared in front of her as she was doing her homework .
if there s one thing that ogg has learned in his travels through time and space , and which he kindly teaches all his friends , its that one must never dismiss the most seemingly outrageous things .
that is a stupid and totally illogical thing to say , ogg .
and secondly , i do nt always tell everyone the same thing .
she realised that she was never going to get to the end if she did n't do something , so she screwed her eyes tight shut and forced herself to concentrate , with the result that after a few minutes she was able to say , ` ` i suppose you mean that an explanation and the truth are not necessarily the same thing .
he had said the wrong thing and no mistake !
she sounded a bit dizzy to me , he replied , and by pure accident he had hit on just exactly the right thing to say to antonia .
not an answer that was necessarily right , if there could be such a thing .
it seemed to antonia that a successful computer game would bring more enjoyment and benefit more people than the discovery of another sub - microscopic ingredient of a photon , but she judged that it was nt the right thing to say just at the moment .
not being sure what was the best thing to say , she said nothing .
perg wanted to say the right thing , but did nt know what it was .
not that rockhard noticed , he concentrated on the first thing he saw .
chapter 5 there is no such thing as a short fall when you land on your head .
i wo nt ask any such thing , i argued .
the first thing that came to my mind was barbie .
the last thing he said was , tell trudy ill come back for heather and tiffany later .
its a horrible thing to admit as a mom .
besides if you ll think back to the last thing i said before you left to do the yard work i asked you not to bring the dog outside .
i challenge you to get this man to say one thing positive ... make just one pleasant statement .
i asked , dumbfounded that this would be the first thing to enter his mind .
the first thing she said to me was , these babies cost $ 6,000 a piece .
the most important thing i ve learned in my search for true love is that no matter how many men come and go in my life , my true friends will always be there for me ; to comfort me after the loss of each relationship and cheer me on in my search for new love .
' hey , and another thing baby face , ' says brenda .
it is a curious thing to say , ostensibly at odds with how i feel .
' i tell you one thing , ' he says , ' thanks to brenda ; yours truly might soon be a member of jimmy jet & the rockets . '
i am beginning to understand that girls can say one thing and mean another .
' can i just ask one thing ? '
he just said the first thing that popped into his head .
that thing that says i spend thirty - five hours a week watching kids produce work they absolutely do nt want to do , and even i think this is poor .
i knew i had a decision to make : hand in this new thing i had nt even read , or go with the story i d spent all day fretting over .
but then , i realised , i did nt really have that choice : in my haste to write this new thing , start to finish , i d never put an ending on the one i had before .
khorsa had been wondering the same thing .
i do nt know ... that sounds like the sort of thing that might end up causing hilarity to ensue .
this was generally community service cleaning up the fallen acorns from the park , or some such thing .
i did not want the same thing happening with kopek , he would make our lives hell , if he thought he was top dog .
so much so , that often the first thing they would eagerly ask me in the morning was , what s the hound been up to today then ?
that s the nicest thing anyone ever said to me .
we all want to be saying the same thing tonight .
a one shot thing ?
i was wondering the same thing , chamberlain said .
the woman was too refined to say the same thing , but she thought it .
all five people stood looking at it , basically thinking the same thing .
jinny wanted to say the same thing to nev , but he also held his tongue .
one thing he was sure about , and that was that these three guys were not tourists .
heres the second thing you re not going to believe .
she said , same thing , him and me together .
that will be the first thing we ask him next time we talk .
tim yeah , the whole thing strikes me as ironic , too .
that was the first thing that struck me .
his favorite thing to drill into me over and over was that the music demanded light tongue , driven by air .
it 's the only thing i know how to say .
there 's no such thing , said moses , are you actually nuts or something ?
gluey was there and he talked to me for a few minutes , but i do nt remember a thing he said .
but the only thing they ever said to one another was , what are you doing ? , which did nt sit well with either .
he really took that letter thing hard , do nt you think ?
the same thing she s always asked when they see baby alligators .
no such thing as partial credit for something like this .
i owed her , and that s the other thing she repeated at least three times .
i blinked and said the only thing that could be said , and i said it loudly , like a cry for help : wow !
she did remarkably well and passed with flying colors , at least a silver medal , which seemed like a very funny thing to say at the time .
for a split second , i m thinking only one thing , and the thought surprises me like a hot ember falling into my hand .
i thought to myself , what a stupid thing to say upon meeting someone .
her question could have only meant one thing .
while we were laughing about one of the five million things we had been laughing about all evening , dee shifted , half rose and was suddenly wiggling in my lap , and i was suddenly inside her .
a millisecond later , while on the rise , i was thinking that maybe she meant years and years and years ago because i could nt place her , so i smiled and said the only safe thing , yeah , while my memory rocketed down memory lane in search of any flag that might say to me , look here for a clue !
i waited a few seconds before continuing : look , we hardly know each other , but that bottle thing i groped for the right words , and then continued , the fact that you passed out on the bed is not something i can deal with .
with our tents pitched well up the steep bank on some level turf , the four of us sat next to each other between a couple of the tents to watch the raging mountain water shoot past us , again all thinking the same thing : we must be crazy to be doing this !
she said she was calling the people in cathys address book , which i thought was a funny thing to say and made me wonder what she was up to .
were all thinking the same thing .
some of them rolled their eyes at the my dears thing , but some of them found stirg to be on the grandfatherly side , not knowing about his still living and breathing propensity for coveting young women in the carnal way .
mike thought that would be the thing that would finally make him quit , but he had also thought that about a lot of other things .
okay , gary , how about this - we get to barstow , you call blair and tell her that i made the whole thing up and you had no idea until then .
put anthrax on a tampax and slap you till you ca nt stand girl you just blew your chance do nt mean to ruin your plans but i do know one thing though bitches they come they go alex : i had a dream last night that i was a. c. slater from saved by the bell .
alex felt awful about the whole thing and wished he had never listened to peter .
roger : there is no such thing as a double standard .
blair thought this was a pretty stupid thing to say as well , but somehow she found herself a little bit more interested in continuing to talk to him anyway .
the two months thing is just propaganda from the diamond companies .
so , you see , this kind of thing can be extremely difficult to , um , to process .
rock was basically the same thing if you really think about it .
in any case he stood on a table in the middle of the room and shouted a thing that was not completely from himself : listen !
that is not the same thing as saying his work was his life , but rather life is a series of tasks to be completed successfully .
jackie sits next to the meeting room and heard the whole thing .
did discover one thing i m pretty sure they re chipmunks .
he knew one thing the longer they knew each other , the less they knew , it seemed .
he yelled after the girls in english the first thing that came to him , and the fruleins ran off cackling .
jane took a deep breath , as if shed just said the whole thing herself .
tad had told gordy the same thing do nt forget to get copies .
he wondered if she had been thinking the same thing .
can you answer me one thing have you ever thought of telling gordy about this ?
oh yeah , there s one more thing i should tell you , tad said and headed off back down the hill .
the one thing that had never been proved ?
hey vladi , you talk a good one but there s one thing missing , he yelled .
this idea comes from the woman mind you because no man in his right mind would suggest such a thing .
i ve even been on the other side where my neighbor had made a suggestion to his wife which she rejected but when hearing through my wife that i had said the exact same thing she reconsidered .
you know the one , the ' you are so cute but that s the funniest / dumbest thing i ve heard in quite a long time ' look .
personally i think everyone who applies for a vanity plate should be issued the same plate because most times i m thinking the same thing when i read them , but that would be problematic trying to distinguish one from the next .
oh and the tooth fairy is your mother , your dad hides all those eggs and the leprechaun thing , well , i m still not sure how you bought that one .
valentine 's day progression its mid - february and that means one thing , valentines day .
it was special even though i m sure shed written the exact same thing on mine that shed written on everyone elses .
the only thing they could agree on was that their businesses were going to go down the tubes if she did nt knock off whatever it was that she was doing and get her ass back to work .
both gwen and roger noted the past tense of the apartment thing .
he turned and smiled at gwen , then noticed laleh behind her , and wished he had nt said such a dumb thing .
that was a dumb thing to say .
shazam had heard the same thing from a lot of them , with some of the bolder ones telling him it was his job to bath the big guy and get him properly coiffed for his royal romps , and why was nt he doing it ?
so right now he was nt sure how the aya was going to take this news , as a positive thing or a negative thing .
there was only one thing to say to shim , so he got on with it .
they all say the same thing : june enterprises , with the phone number and the email .
shed tell one reporter one thing and then another reporter the opposite .
ill ask just one thing of you , george .
one thing he knew for certain ; he d never write a line of dialogue in which the person talking said the persons name to whom he or she was speaking .
chapter 57 - gale and renee at 1:15am the morning after sody figured out the main story line of the filmy play , the assassin 's thing , george got a phone call from renee zellweger .
when she opened her eyes she said , that s the wildest thing i ve ever heard .
lewy said , i got one thing to add .
i only know one thing to say to them .
with each step he takes i keep hearing the same thing .
i , in turn , informed her that i was a car salesman i d decided to lie and that was the first thing i thought of .
if i ve learnt one thing over the last year , its that just because you like someone , it does nt mean your friends will feel the same way .
after a few back and forth questions from me , which all seemingly had really obvious answers , we decided that we had to know for sure and that meant one thing : pregnancy test .
just as i was jamming it back on the shelf before alison saw it and wanted it , because of the shiny box and wild claims of being ninety - nine point nine per cent accurate , a couple of greasy looking women walked past me and snorted , telling one another that , you can get the same thing in poundland , only for a quid .
but if i ve learnt one thing tonight then its that you do nt disagree with a pregnant or at that point a potentially pregnant woman .
mother and baby are ok , though , that s the main thing .
i wo nt tell him about the gun thing .
come to think of it , somebody came in here asking the same thing .
how can you think such a thing ?
he laughed and said , i told them the same thing .
the next thing you re gon na ask is who ran over my dog ?
well , her mother did nt actually say it , she wrote it , same thing , she communicated with me .
i said that once but i thought it was a good thing to say again .
i just got here and cody just called and asked me the same thing .
the only thing i said was love you .
i toldsome friends the same thing last night .
i told him the same thing and he said he already knew that .
heidi sighed and tried to soften her tone and said , oh , i was just trying to come up with the worst possible thing .
another thing had started to dawn on me i realized marissa never had that one specific friend girls usually have .
as each vexatious thing came into my head , i recognized it and turned it over in my mind before releasing it .
they said the same thing to me when they gave me this equipment installation job .
i ve spoken to your nurse , ms . hope , and she tells me the same thing , that you re getting better , that you took the big step of realizing you were sick and voluntarily taking the medication , but that even after what they ve told you , you have nt been fully willing to accept that it was nt truly you and you re not responsible for the things you ve done before you started taking your medication .
penelope and dr . boggs had both told me the same thing , several times : that it was nt my fault , that i was basically a new person now .
[ 34 ] for the sake of accuracy let me say that i believe it may actually be benjamin franklin who always said that particular thing , but i find that me and he are so similar in other ways its often superfluous to draw any kind of distinction between us .
that thing you said before , what was that ?
the only thing i will say is that now i am yours .
then he looked at constantine and said , not the same thing .
then she went to slev and whispered the same thing to her .
helstof leaned over to slev and said , that s not the first thing he s written to me .
and the last thing the people here said , try to persuade the dancers to come , was the house would have lots of russian furniture in it .
anna got up and went over to helstof and said the same thing .
they looked at each other , and with not even a second of hesitation , both said the same thing : stirg .
a conjugal visit in russia means one thing and one thing only , and that will be left to the imagination .
a conjugal visit in russia means one thing and one thing only , and that will be left to the imagination .
the first thing plouriva said when jenley told her they were arriving the day after tomorrow was , are you crazy ?
the last thing plouriva said was she would not meet him at the airport , that would be stupid , she would see him at the apartment .
he said things like , because this thing is small and wo nt take up much room in the crates .
be ready for one thing , hon , these guys really stink .
things like : she loves me , and she loves the day , and she loves the night , and she loves when its cold , and she loves when its hot ; and she loves moving along the water , and she loves looking over the water , and she loves looking at that great place where sand meets sea .
but , there s something more , there 's one thing more .
` ` i see you working on that * # & @ thing every week . ''
mark and brad exchanged glances , both thinking the same thing ; what the fuck ?
is it going to be the same thing after i leave .
` ` sure thing , detective .
before wayne fell into the abyss of blackness , he managed to look towards roxanne and get out one final thing .
honestly , this is probably my least favorite thing i ' ve written .
whenever my grade school 's oral language festival came up , i always insisted on writing my own speech rather than doing some already - prepared garbage , and i always prided myself on writing the whole thing myself , with no help from , ya know , grown - ups , like some other people obviously did .
yes , i am well aware that i believe in pretty much the same thing that most hippies do , peace and love and all the crap , hell , i do n't even eat meat and i ' ve never voted republican , but goddamn , i do have an extreme appreciation for soap , clean clothes and shoes .
` ` anyway , '' she continued , ` ` after his wife 's death he was linked to several well - known faces around hollywood , but so far as i can tell , no one really has a bad thing to say about him .
i assume that would be the script thing you are talking about . ''
he told us pretty much the same thing mulroney had told us .
` ` we thought the same thing , too .
` ` look , the thing that finally clinched it was i finally realized what was missing from the room .
that was a cruel thing to say , but i was in a cruel mood .
i expected him to break up laughing and admit there was no such thing .
i did nt know if new ones were too expensive , but i did learn one thing : they weighed a ton .
but the most important thing he had taught me about betting on the dogs was to stick with cab driving .
i wondered if big al was wondering the same thing .
cab driving was my bread and butter , and one thing i had learned in life , in love , and in the army , was never to hoist yourself on your own petard .
he also suspected that his ' wife ' might have a thing or two to say about it , and he was probably stuck with her for at least a day or two , nights included ( and what in the world had the chief meant by ' widowed but not likely to be accommodating ' ? ) .
it was the wrong thing to say , or at least the wrong way to phrase it , and she knew it as soon as it escaped her lips .
his last name was not birmingham , nor was his first name james , but it nevertheless managed to be the correct thing to say .
i could tell you youngsters a thing or two . ''
he could teach them a thing or two about the business of destroying airplanes in flight .
orchard 's colleagues , when told on the monday about this strange performance , were much perplexed , until one of them remembered that the prime minister , who was from the same part of the country as richard hugh , was known for writing things in the sand , as a play - pretend way of sending messages across the waves .
i rolled my eyes ; that would be the one thing he 'd pick up on .
they looked as scared and uncertain as i felt , and it was then i realized we were thinking the same thing ; we were both terrified the other was going to push us away .
today a grotesque individual describing himself as commander jeff huber , u.s . navy ( retired ) wrote : - our commander in iraq , ray the thing odierno , is floating the possibility of a un peacekeeping force to replace u.s . troops in the countrys northern regionodie has said some pretty dumb things in the past .
but the girl was still looking to my face ; as if she was about to ask me the same thing again .
` ` not really , never had the chance to listen to them ... '' wrong thing to say !
no such thing as true commitment , i said .
but ill tell you one fucking thing .
the public will think things like maybe he s gay , maybe they re old high school friends , or she must be his sugar mama .
` ` when has he ever listened to a thing i ' ve said ?
` ` okay , i need you to tell me two things : who is the woman who said ash attacked her , and how do you know he did n't ? ''
i have a life i need to continue and i ca n't do that until i make one thing clear to you : i know , and i always will know . ` `
` ` that s the thing that frightens me .
a fool is the last thing i 'd call him .
and yet , if i could say one thing to you , it would be to not forget to keep an eye raised .
` ` ai nt no such thing anymore . ''
` ` let me make one thing clear , '' he told them , ` ` this man i have coming can make three bodies disappear as easily as one .
one thing i am pretty sure of .
every time we see some poor sod out in the pissing down rain when its minus 23.7 oc ( okay - snow then ) , exercising their dog , normally at about 06:30 in the morning or 10:30 at night , we both look at one another and think exactly the same thing : thank christ we do nt have pets .
leroys mantra , the thing he seemed to repeat the most at work was , i m richer than all y all motherfuckas in here .
there are many things that separate us from one another which can arouse contempt in the human heart , as well as jealousy , anger , or insolence , but there is one thing , one universal truth that i think we can all agree upon : ivan drago was rocky balboas toughest opponent .
kristen was quite upset over hearing the things that kolb was saying about her , but at least the seed of doubt over his apparent awesomeness was planted in her head .
one thing i assure you he 's not doing is gazing longingly at our wedding china .
` ` i 'll just have the same thing . ''
i m officially standing between him and the only thing he 's ever wanted .
sure , thing .
sweetheart , that is the most honest thing i ve ever heard you say .
there s only one thing that scientists have nt been able to find inside the human brain .
its really just a matter of symantics ; they re different ways of saying the same thing .
subconsciously , they all knew the same thing -- the first and second person usually did nt get shot , which is the key to solving the problem .
you have to know one thing about my sister ; regardless of the circumstance , what she may or may not lack in practice , she makes up in competitive spirit .
also another thing i should say , jack emerson did not materialize is my mind just today .
everywhere , at the end of which tommy knew the same thing as when he started , which was that it was an inside job .
gale said , the guy morning thing , you dimwit .
what morning thing ?
you know what morning thing .
i said , so what s with the were going to kill them thing ?
i said , not the real thing , unfortunately , but close .
we sat around his kitchen table while richard ate , each of us thinking the same thing : why had someone introduced this neighbor into the world of the telepathizing dog , and why had someone introduced the putz into that world ?
i like his qualities thing . ''
it was a really stupid thing to say , but i found it difficult to think rationally .
chapter three when i mentioned to marg the possibility of borrowing from the bank , the first thing she said was to just take the money .
i said much the same thing .
the replies were all hinting at the same thing .
i was absolutely shitting myself as the chain of confession started to come my way , but after saying it , the hardest and most frightening thing i have ever said , far more frightening that even my first day as a teacher , i felt liberated .
it said a similar thing as before , but this time they had sufficient proof .
one thing he said that i had trouble with was that a truly great , evolving person must avoid all excess , and it was wisest to avoid alcohol and drugs and every other substance or pursuit that may lead to addiction .
i took in a huge gulp of air and let it out gradually , then opened the page and read the first thing my eyes settled on , and to my astonishment i read : if you are seeking an answer or guidance on something in your life , ask the question , believe you will receive , and then open this book randomly .
the main thing he talked about that day , or my first lesson from him , was that you had to divest yourself of every weakness you could find .
one thing you learn and take it from one who knows , kids is that we live our lives guarded by dogs with no teeth .
when you take the time to listen to people like that , you know , seriously you know ; they all say pretty much the same thing .
its the best thing ever happened to me in my entire life !
now that 's a simple thing to say ; a femme fatale stepped out of the shadows .
` ` this thing on my back is a mole , '' said polydoor .
first thing i thought ( when i saw her without hair , after the chemo ) was hey , now any stalker will think i ' m jogging with a man , so no mace necessary .
everyone assumes it 's so healthy , but when you deep fry and add spicy mayo , it 's the farthest thing from it .
douchey thing to say , but okay .
the whole transvestite thing was starting to really make sense .
the only thing i actually quoted really had been said .
` ` sorry , just one more thing to sign ; then you guys can be on your way . ''
he loaded another dart , and turned to question , ` ` what john holmes thing ? ''
i get the point minus the whole lemon cookie thing pretty sure you just made that up . ''
` ` one thing i can guarantee , '' said two big humps , ` ` platypuses do n't twinkle , so it 's definitely not like a little star . ''
the very next thing he said proved the pudding was in the pot , or in the eating .
but the only thing i could think of was : ` ` you ca n't just give up . ''
which is never a good thing to say within hearing range of flying nut monsters .
` ` but you said the same thing last time and broke your promise , '' darrin pointed out .
this could only mean one thing : he had an evil plan cooking in that twisted brain of his .
a call from the states could only mean one thing : it would have to do something .
he felt like a heel for saying the wrong thing once again , even though he had spoken with the utmost innocence , and with the best intentions .
other things concerned him now ; so many things to do , first thing in the morning .
as far as i can make out , the only thing they agree on wholeheartedly is that i do not truly know what i am doing .
i tell nate how dr . godsend knows just the right thing to say to make me feel better .
well , let me get your name so i know you were here first.the last thing she said was you have everything ; right ?
so it was no little thing for me to say , sure .
i do believe the first thing he said to the mothers was damn it !
he did nt stop laughing ; he could nt stop laughinghe thought the analogy was the funniest damn thing he had ever said or heard .
that was the stupidest thing i ve ever heard .
i mean what was that tolstoy thing ; it did nt even make sense .
for a split second , i contemplated that he d been in an accident of some sort , and then looked up at him and saw the large glasses , and his stooped posture , and the licence thing made sense .
well , there s really only one thing i wanted to come and tell you today .
` ` i do n't think that was a very nice thing to say about sweet gas , '' said edwardian .
it was only the second thing shed ever said to me .
we were clearly both thinking the same thing .
i was still trying to decide how to respond to the revolution thing , though .
i love you , she said , as if it was the saddest thing in the world .
that is the most disturbing thing i ve ever seen .
try to remember one thing mum said to you that you can remember word for word .
there must be one thing you remember .
its the thing she said to me right before i left for drama school .
drastic can only mean one thing , ca nt it ?
i tried to think of a prayer , but the only thing that came to my mind was the tax codes doubtful debts provision .
it was a crazy thing to say .
she did nt really know what lds stood for ; but if there was one thing she did nt need right now , it was her mother freaking out again and her having to spend hours at the police station trying to explain something she did nt understand to begin with .
a hard , frustrating life of trying to teach dumb , undisciplined teen - agers about the monroe treaty or the battle of hastings had established one thing : nobody like history !
they 'll keep repeating that thing until their power 's gone !
the thing wasthe thing was '' ` ` what was the thing ? ''
` ` what a ghastly thing to say ! ''
` ` what a thing to say about a member of your family !
list of things to be pissed about , he said , searching for some place flat and grassy .
it did nt even boast a curiosity , such as the largest button collection in the world or some such thing .
it was the corniest thing i could find , he said with a grin .
before our relationship on this earthor , as you allege , the moonhas ended , allow me to say one thing : shut up and get out !
i m only going to say one thing dean sighed .
there was a thing that i said that sounded like woman , another completely different word that does nt have that kind of fatherly - womanly meaning , and it was ... mormon .
just to make it clear , the thing i said about killing nando was a joke , and that other thing was also a joke .
just to make it clear , the thing i said about killing nando was a joke , and that other thing was also a joke .
that was an improper thing to say , i see that now , but its also true and i saw it with my own face .
sure , but i would nt believe a thing he said to me even if he said it to my face .
that s a strange thing to have never said before .
* * * to the pm , pontius schmuck , legacy and destiny meant the same thing , and in that cause thought he had a wonderful attribute , that being a constant reminder of the need for ruthless prioritisation .
the first thing i wanted to convey was my relief that you have survived the blackness of ottos intent .
de vere , we have to make sure we both heard the same thing .
when ir ran through the list of possible reasons , the owl did nt react for some considerable time , then said , maybe the most important thing he said was to confine your re - division of accountability and authority to very basic principles at the outset .
i would be thinking the same thing .
i m not one to believe in the whole one - true - love thing , but this worked .
it was nt perfect , but there was no such thing as a perfect relationship .
xavier was nt moving or saying a thing .
the los angeles letter was handwritten and essentially said the same thing as that first threat , while the other was business - like , typed out in twelve - point , times new roman font and composed into tidy paragraphs that detailed how ucupid was a cancer that had destroyed what was a healthy , happy marriage .
when he would realize that he had nt seen her in weekswhich became a euphemism for that fact that it had been a monthhe would tell himself the same thing he told everyone else .
he thought about the last thing he said to maggie ryan .
the only thing david told his father was that he needed a place to stay for a few months until he could find his own apartment .
i could say the same thing to your man shawn here .
when his wife , jean , opened the door , the first thing she said was , ` ` well , have you sold the farm ? ''
said needless thing , the vice - president in charge of explaining why the museum 's computers crashed so often .
` ` anyway , '' said needless thing , ` ` maybe if brother sperry is n't around , these odd things wo n't get found . ''
said needless thing .
` ` so we approach demo and sally , '' said needless thing .
for acolytes , it all boils down to one thing : you 're with us , or you 're against us .
` ` the waiter thing was just an excuse ; we had our reasons . ''
` ` what a thing to say about the poor child ! ''
that crazy thing dan hayward said at the opera house what was it ?
hey , do nt you know the first thing about keeping butter from burning ? ''
i d hate to say the wrong thing in front of her , especially now , with the pressure of my the book , and all this best hauntings nonsense .
and promise me one thing . ''
tech people were swarming all over the place , shouting things such as ` ` too much echo ! ''
well , she understands me better than anyone else all konrad does is tell me to grow a pair and move on with my life but she s going through the same thing .
my friends tell me the same thing !
i m fed up telling you the same thing .
that s good , that s the kind of thing i want to know .
i know one thing , that you are not like most people , he declared as he pecked her lips .
i could say the right thing , and all the typing would come straight of errors .
for now i risk saying the wrong thing .
the first thing the cop asked was where he was calling from .
i ' ve heard ? nah , i have n't heard any such thing ? .yaaugh !
it was the first thing she said , actually .
ill tell you one thing though , that frank needs to reel in the drinking .
the supreme court calls themselves conservatives and liberals instead of republicans and democrats , but they are about the same thing for the most part .
and gwynne could tell you a thing or two about his luck .
not because she wanted to smoke as such , but because that was the only thing that all the designer chic said to her .
no , i mean a thing .
look , juliet , its the same thing .
he added in his thick bosnian accent , chuckling to himself at what he thought was a witty thing to say .
` ` how could you say such a thing , you ungrateful snerdlet !
the one thing i would change . ''
mostly because his english was n't all that hot and he hardly understood a frickin ' thing this doofus shale guy was saying .
but if there s one thing i learned in school , its to never show you re scared .
i ca nt be held responsible for every little thing i happen to say .
the nice thing to say would ve been that he d never really lost her .
if there s one thing i ve learned about boys , its that they really are nt too different from dogs .
i have nt said a mean thing to anyone in two days .
that s the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard !
he had said things like a bird is only as strong as his tallest tree and the sky falls when you look down .
they seemed a little pissed off that we did nt fuck them , or at least make passes at them , but there was nothing doing when the most interesting thing they said was , would you like another beer ? .
when steven and justin finally arrived ashore julien said the same thing to them and they told him not to worry and , with some persistent begging and reassuring , we got him into the canoe and out into the open water .
there s no such thing as science humor !
a good story gets endlessly repeated and can become even truer than the truth in the sense that if everyone believes something , then , for all practical purposes , that thing is true for them -- and far truer than most things , which are not supported by universal belief .
and please tell the process servers the same thing .
every single thing i ve written on that page is just the result of some random word association .
' i ' ve been ... ' his mind flashed through his catalogue of excuses , and despite knowing it was possibly the worst thing he could have said at that precise moment , he said it anyway .
of course , there 's one thing you should always remember , ' gavrilo says .
the thing you need to remember , my foolish little friend , is that it is based on survival of the fittest .
a thousand mouths all screaming the same thing .
thousands of mental patients have claimed the same thing before you .
he could hear martin 's hesitation on the other end of the line , and he suddenly remembered the last thing that joe had said to him .
` ` that 's the most revolting thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
she obliged and he continued , ` ` the company does n't have a dress code and there is no such thing as a section five .
the first thing that came to mind was a little old lady who needed someone to complain to .
` ` some things are obvious '' , bilj put in , ` ` like do n't be an asshole , for one thing '' . , ` ` sometimes a true friend has to cross some boundaries '' , velicia disagreed .
humans are always asserting such things , and it can become quite irritating , both for the humans who occupy the areas that other humans desire to conquer and rule and for the animals ( such as dolphins ) whose habitats most humans would love to rule .
they also had a history of believing foolish things , so why should they believe a logical thing ?
well , i suppose we could ask the one thing we ca nt see said arthur .
this obviously has the look of a path , or at the very least , a trail , and i do nt think that using a synonym would count as deceiving us , being that they essentially mean the same thing .
as long as were all misunderstanding the same thing in the same way i guess well be alright .
i have one thing to say to you young man .
golly , you shore do know how to say the right thing to a lady .
half the guys are thinking the same thing .
no , that is nt happening , its just kind of thing you d expect a writer of a book like this to say at a time like this when everything is happening in the right sequence just in time for a storybook ending .
oh yeah let me say one more thing .
i need some third thing .
he wo nt say a single thing out of turn .
the thing the cockroach gave up on two days ago .
about the things they would say about him at work : both the nice , sweet things of the first week or so and then the cruel things that would grow to dominate .
about the things they would say about him at work : both the nice , sweet things of the first week or so and then the cruel things that would grow to dominate .
only one thing consoled him : the thing gary at work had told him .
that last thing he d said was close enough to french that she was able to figure it out and it made her giggly freckle .
i just thought it d be a funny thing to say .
that is true , and i fully understand your thinking , but would nt i also say such a thing if i really were in a predicament ?
brick had no reason to suspect such a thing , he just liked saying words .
there are far easier ways to say such a thing .
that would be a rubbish thing to call someone .
it is nt my place to prove things .
they say one thing but they always mean something else .
have you never considered uttering a word only to hear somebody else say that exact thing moments after you deemed it not worthy ?
brick could hold on no longer and blurted out the only thing on his mind .
spiritwind put his hand across bricks mouth before he could blurt out the first thing that came to mind .
brick had one final thing to say .
both concepts looked at each other before saying the same thing : karma .
after fourteen attempts at reading the thing you finally finish it , only to discover you knew not to do what it said all along .
we wo nt have to read out the whole thing , will we ?
yeah , was the only thing paddington could think of , and it took him a while to get that far .
baldwin thought this a gruesome thing to say : he did nt want to eat brains .
paddington wished it would come back ; quentin was the closest thing he had to a friend .
if he said the wrong thing here , he d never leave the circle unbitten .
she said , ` ` there 's no such thing as gender , '' and she did not move , but instead swore at me as if i called the command .
she said , ` ` there is no such thing as gender , sir . ''
drill sergeant pint began an eternally long and dull speech , showcasing his ability to say the same thing in many different ways .
that thing in the locker , damn , that was crazy !
one thing you did n't realize about the army , is that smartasses do n't change the army , the army changes them .
i said the first thing that came into my head .
` ` sure thing , drill sergeant . ''
if i learned one thing in basic , it was that drinking water cured everything .
darlin we do nt have time , there s no such thing .
i thought the same thing , but if you could see my friend and the difference its made in her life , you would nt believe it .
porky stared vacantly out the window and said , i wish i could find one thing that made sense to me right now ; just something to grab a hold of .
you know what , nasrudin said , i was just standing here and wondering that same thing myself !
but before i do , i just want to know one thing .
you did nt say a goddamn thing .
yes , i seem to remember that very thing , said ricky .
i mean , i heard the same thing somewhere , he said quickly , trying to back out of the conversation .
there s no such thing with you guys .
no , mother , i m not going to say a thing .
then get them out of here , bob said as if it were the only thing that made sense .
grandma , what a horrible thing to say !
i have nt seen that guy write down one damn thing , martha said , looking at john .
he thinks the same thing .
i know i m guilty of the same thing .
hell , camper responded , if i did nt know better , and had just met you , i d probably think the same thing .
that is probably not , the best thing to say to someone who is presently homeless right now but i let it pass .
its a pity that i ca nt say the same thing about dale as regards to him being a vital member of any clan since there s not much demand for a coffee maker because basically everyones already got one in their own kitchen so its safe to say that he s pretty much surplus to requirements i suppose .
that s a funny thing to say .
i said i was a fan , but i suppose it means the same thing .
i seem to recall that you said the same thing about adam , pipes up valerie as she grabs her coat and heads for the door .
after which , jed and i looked up at the sky at the same time and it was nothing to do with romance as i pondered if we were thinking the same thing .
i will tell you one thing ; i would hate to have my dad there at the birth .
i am not very good at comforting other people in distress , as i usually say the wrong thing and on occasion will often try to humour up the situation and make light of horrible things as a way of coping with it .
while wishing that i had some coffee to swig on too , because my mouth is as dry as ghandis flip - flop to quote a famous saying ( i heard another way of putting it the other day and it meant the same thing but had to do with nuns privates , only i ve too much respect for them to say that ) .
he told the postman the exact same thing this morning .
i will say one thing , he needs to re - sit his cycle proficiency test because his biking skills are certainly not up to scratch .
what a strange thing to say ?
err ; there was one thing i wanted to ask you while i am here .
when i finally arrived at the office , an e - mail to james was the first thing i wrote : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- hey james , nice pictures !
what a strange thing to ask .
well for the first thing i m not a very good swimmer , and i m not a very good swimmer because my parents were not very good swimmers .
which means he still has nt confirmed a thing , has he ?
wow , what a loser thing to say .
if there s one thing we tell you kids , its to never lie .
i do nt wan na hear another thing about prince charming , or magic slippers , or any of that happy ending garbage .
i rose from my chair with a single thought in my mind : do not tell eleanor a thing * * * i walked past the stores in silence for the first little bit .
laura : my friend , my kindred spirit , the girl who always knows just the right thing to say ... chapter twenty - eight i groaned and turned to face the clock .
and some of it did nt fit the power trio thing , you know ?
i know sometimes pete talks to himi can tell from some things i hearbut he s so sweet to me , he keeps me out of it .
that s what writing is , man , it just keeps going farther into the sand , the thing you re looking for , the thing that ll make it all alright .
bg : have you heard this thing or not ?
what was that funny thing he said ?
and john would tell you the same thing .
then you know the worst thing happened .
i did nt write a fucking thing , did nt even read the newspapers .
and , i remember , ferlinghetti said this wonderful thing , he said , you know what durrell says , buddy ?
i wondered how he seemed to say just the right thing as i was thinking it .
though one thing is true ... we do survive off the blood of the living .
that was the one true thing in all the myths .
it was the only thing i could think to say at the moment .
i ask a simple thing .
i knew one thing , though ; he should be occupied all night .
i wondered if it was the only thing she had to live for .
if you say one more thing about that , about us not sleeping together -- ill ask you to leave .
the first thing jackie said was , i want you to know its no coincidence you re here .
let me tell you one thing clear and true : i have nt forgotten that .
if you remember one thing , one thing and only one thing in this life , remember this .
if you remember one thing , one thing and only one thing in this life , remember this .
if you remember one thing , one thing and only one thing in this life , remember this .
as he started to walk away she grabbed him by the back of the collar , two things : one , these people was nice enough to take us in when we had no place else to go , so do n't screw it up by stealin ' anything .
mother mercy gasped , blushed and stammered , why would you say such a thing ?
he laughed , by now genuinely amused , i would say such a thing because i believe it to be true .
she added softly , i have to confess one thing to you because it is the truth and you deserve to know it .
` ` ill tell you one thing , though johann .
there is only one proper thing to say after every sentence in japanese , commented one bilingualist , but many in english .
` ` oh we literaturists have a thing or two to say about that .
well , the first thing you need to know about east tainomaybe the second , after booze , gossip and sexis that race does nt matter .
the thing about dashiki is the obvious one , but i ve thought a lot about this , and i think that it also got me really motivated .
i figured i d tell her about the benny thing so shed know the whole thing did nt start with dashiki .
like i say one thing and do another .
now , that was an interesting thing to say .
i do nt care if there s repetition ; i want to hear the whole thing from each of you .
the thing with z could only have gone on to disaster .
tomorrow she would call bill and tell him the only thing that mattered .
its just that i ve spent a lot of time with this group of women and well , there s kind of an unspoken thing about god being a woman .
even if the only thing you got across was that snakes are good because they eat rats , that d be something .
while you re seeing melvin leaving us as a type of death , remember death and birth are basically the same thing .
i ve tried but i just do nt remember a thing .
the two of them , my aunt and my mother , sat in the kitchen drinking cups of coffee and saying the same things over and over .
and i had never heard the whole thing before .
and both knew that the other was a rogue hiding in sheeps clothing , yet neither admitted a thing .
the band of regulators spent an almost sleepless night , waiting , then first thing in the morning they checked gear , armed and awaited their leaders word .
no man could fake such a thing !
only guy is on his feet when united flight 175 makes its final course correction , lifts its nose slightly and plows at over 200 mph into the side of the second world trade center tower love - hate the mother was yammering - hammering at the child with her voice because she was setting the container down on the unwashed counter again without a thought and the picnic box would have spears and crumbs in it again which would of course aggravate the mother no end like all the other things her numerous brood did and had been doing for nigh on twenty - five years and she was tired which she mentioned often in the ears of her remaining children at home while they and she counted the minutes with sub consciousness and the days aloud to the time when they could leave this house forever the children were looking forward to the picnic not because they were going with their mother or father who was always busy on his computer and did nt evince the slightest interest in stopping and only did so because it was somehow perceived as his religious duty which he did not exactly shirk or wish abrogated but did often wish that it was not thrust upon him so often but the children were looking forward to the picnic because all children like picnics as an excuse to get out of the house where voices and bodies and messes are so often too close together for comfort words were filling the air and none of them really very nice and all of them actually out of habit as emotional buttons were poked and the mother used her repertoire of be nice to your sister / brother say three nice things about ( insert name ) and all of it was so worn and automatic that she could think faraway things at the exact moment the words passed her tightened lips and gritting teeth the picnic was late anyways and it would be getting chilly before they got to the park so the dad figured it was a waste of time and would not be very pleasant diversion with the only redeeming feature of the whole outing being its briefness the argument of which park to go to would take more time and that was to the good as far as the dad was concerned because he d get back to his computer sooner that way so he did nt budge until every single child was already in the van and waiting meanwhile things came up and time went by and the affair became even more impractical but the mother would not let it go because families were supposed to do things together on family night and so it all turned out one more family outing bought the farm and blame was hurled about and tears shed by little ones and the father silently kept one hand on the steering wheel and an elbow on the armrest the sun was already down when they got to the park but it would nt have been so bad if the food had been better but it was only leftovers which no one had enjoyed the first time and parks and picnics do nt really change the food not really times were bad for everyone these days but at least this family had money for enough food and gas for the van more was required before they would look back with fondness upon the days they had spent together when they had not been hungry and had had the freedom the means to travel away from the house whenever they felt like it and more was forthcoming soon enough because hard times did that to everyone everywhere rameslie my father lars nelsson came to england with canute , and brought his wife fay and their two sons , myrddin ( myself ) and john , my brother who was but a babe in arms .
only guy is on his feet when united flight 175 makes its final course correction , lifts its nose slightly and plows at over 200 mph into the side of the second world trade center tower love - hate the mother was yammering - hammering at the child with her voice because she was setting the container down on the unwashed counter again without a thought and the picnic box would have spears and crumbs in it again which would of course aggravate the mother no end like all the other things her numerous brood did and had been doing for nigh on twenty - five years and she was tired which she mentioned often in the ears of her remaining children at home while they and she counted the minutes with sub consciousness and the days aloud to the time when they could leave this house forever the children were looking forward to the picnic not because they were going with their mother or father who was always busy on his computer and did nt evince the slightest interest in stopping and only did so because it was somehow perceived as his religious duty which he did not exactly shirk or wish abrogated but did often wish that it was not thrust upon him so often but the children were looking forward to the picnic because all children like picnics as an excuse to get out of the house where voices and bodies and messes are so often too close together for comfort words were filling the air and none of them really very nice and all of them actually out of habit as emotional buttons were poked and the mother used her repertoire of be nice to your sister / brother say three nice things about ( insert name ) and all of it was so worn and automatic that she could think faraway things at the exact moment the words passed her tightened lips and gritting teeth the picnic was late anyways and it would be getting chilly before they got to the park so the dad figured it was a waste of time and would not be very pleasant diversion with the only redeeming feature of the whole outing being its briefness the argument of which park to go to would take more time and that was to the good as far as the dad was concerned because he d get back to his computer sooner that way so he did nt budge until every single child was already in the van and waiting meanwhile things came up and time went by and the affair became even more impractical but the mother would not let it go because families were supposed to do things together on family night and so it all turned out one more family outing bought the farm and blame was hurled about and tears shed by little ones and the father silently kept one hand on the steering wheel and an elbow on the armrest the sun was already down when they got to the park but it would nt have been so bad if the food had been better but it was only leftovers which no one had enjoyed the first time and parks and picnics do nt really change the food not really times were bad for everyone these days but at least this family had money for enough food and gas for the van more was required before they would look back with fondness upon the days they had spent together when they had not been hungry and had had the freedom the means to travel away from the house whenever they felt like it and more was forthcoming soon enough because hard times did that to everyone everywhere rameslie my father lars nelsson came to england with canute , and brought his wife fay and their two sons , myrddin ( myself ) and john , my brother who was but a babe in arms .
he glanced up from his probing and realized that he had been so occupied with his shoes and feet that he could not have recalled a single thing she might have been saying as they had walked .
this is about the weirdest thing i have ever heard , clover said flatly , and was thinking at once that he wanted to go home now .
he had nt dreamed a single thing that he could recall .
it was the only thing he had said that she did nt believe .
he looks at me pointedly , as if this is the most important thing he will ever say to me .
this is the most real thing she s said to me in years .
such a male thing to say .
i can never do enough , visit her enough , say the right thing .
i wo nt remind her that she said the same thing about todd .
this seems to be the right thing to say .
i ca nt get mad at her as i was thinking the same thing .
i look over at yuya and charles , who must be thinking the same thing .
i would like to think that i believe the same thing or something very similar to what you ve got going on in your head .
hearing such a thing stung like a knife piercing the heart .
i have never seen anyone as beautiful as you , andrew said , and my parents have cinemax , which is totally an inappropriate thing to say , just disregard all of that last part .
you remind me of her , andrew whispered , instantly regretting saying such a foolish thing .
that is the stupidest thing i have ever heard , anna said as she threw her hands up in the air .
after all , if school had taught me one thing , it was that being forced to be somewhere all day was something more akin to torture than enlightenment , and if school had taught me two things , it was that dealing with busy self important people on a regular basis was something i also did not wish to continue with in any further direction than i already had .
after all , if school had taught me one thing , it was that being forced to be somewhere all day was something more akin to torture than enlightenment , and if school had taught me two things , it was that dealing with busy self important people on a regular basis was something i also did not wish to continue with in any further direction than i already had .
now let me say one more thing before i boot you out of here .
my brother , he told me da same thing , says warren .
ya know what was weird about the whole harold and anita thing ?
one day , as an experiment , i told many of the kids the same exact thing steve said about the pudding makers and the way wimps act and all .
now that i think about it as i write , i do see people calling me the same thing here .
i m starving over here chloe sure thing .
naomi whoa , that s the meanest thing i ve heard you say in 5 days .
this only meant one thing : slow down .
just tell me one thing you 'll miss about mom .
children when angry think of the cruelest thing they can say to inflict pain .
the closest lowell ever got to him was seeing some of his friends in san francisco , but they told him the same thing his uncle in chicago saidthat they had nt seen him for over fifteen years and that he was probably dead .
one thing she was sure of : she was nt interested in playing nursemaid to his guilty soul .
that was the right thing to say , for he gave her a genuine smile of gladness , but its effect was short - lived , for watching him walk to his car she saw him stop suddenly as if considering coming back to cancel the assignation , then sighing in resignation and walking slowly to his car .
ill say the same thing to you , bill .
that s another thing i wanted to ask you .
one thing i ve learned about you , tarayou always have fun , mrs . fournier said as she swept the pile of debris she had collected into a dustpan .
lowell was thinking the same thing , for while fiona and meg started putting the bases in and he and tara were bringing the cooler with the beer and soft drinks to the diamond , he said in a voice that betrayed his anxiety , i only hope marilyn and my brother arrive separately .
they managed to sound convincing , but when phoebe said the same thing , her husband george contradicted her and they went off some little distance and argued for a while .
when they reached the shore road and turned left , he gave up trying to work out in his mind the right thing to say and simply made a statement .
the same sort of thing could be said about african slavery .
but before i leave let me say one other thing .
i can say one thing .
only now did she understand one thing clearly : the significance of the look of horror in frenchs eyes after he pulled the trigger .
though she had never seen his face , and never known him at all , stillbird felt a vague resentment for the young man who dared to love her without knowing her and dared to discard her when he learned just one thing about her , as if her worth as a woman was measured by her victimization by another man .
i bin to the ocean up in virginia and i bin to florida -- both sides of it , the ocean and the gulf -- and all around the gulf coast from florida to texas , and if you were nt going off to war , i d tell you all about it , maybe let you buy me a bus ticket and we could ride and talk and have a few beers , us two , but you are going , maybe even tonight , i do nt know , you have nt told me , but if you got a minute or two , i can tell you about this one thing , this lesson i learned about helping folks .
i was trying to explain things to andrew whilst he was dragging me away , and he was nt listening , because he knew it did nt matter anyway , and i kept thinking if i screamed it louder he d hear the truth , but he shushed me and then he said the thing that made me forgive him and forgive god and keep on preaching a while even after that first hard lesson .
i was trying to explain things to andrew whilst he was dragging me away , and he was nt listening , because he knew it did nt matter anyway , and i kept thinking if i screamed it louder he d hear the truth , but he shushed me and then he said the thing that made me forgive him and forgive god and keep on preaching a while even after that first hard lesson .
one thing i ve learned is that if we do nt acknowledge the miracles in our lives , they happen anyway and just get buried , as if they were nothing special with all the rest of our history .
for her father had nt said much , but one thing he had said , and that was that she was never to tell anyone about what had happened .
as a girl people were always telling her how good looking she was and that she should be in he movies , and they said it like it was nt really her dream , just some nice thing to say , a meaningless compliment because no one they knew really did that .
sherrie said the same thing , margie commented .
i believe it was your mother that said the same thing , right ?
it is the last thing they say before goodbye .
he considered just making up words but he feared the rabbi would nullify the whole thing , and he might not qualify for all the money he was going to reap from his family and friends .
it was possibly the most hurtful thing anyone had ever said to him .
this can only mean one thing .
@ roger : i know , i am kind of nervous about it because that is a big thing to put out there in front of the world , but she deserves it .
you saw my little thing about the fuck yourself being broadcast on the scoreboard , oh yeah , that was just a throwaway thing i came up with .
you saw my little thing about the fuck yourself being broadcast on the scoreboard , oh yeah , that was just a throwaway thing i came up with .
one thing he knew , and becky agreed with , was that they didn = t want to wait a year to get married .
he also knew he would see the same thing if he looked in the mirror .
they were horrifically insulted that some counselor who they had met twice had the power and nerve to suggest such a thing .
that was the first thing they thought when they had him that first night , that the specialist was dead on .
one group would say one thing such as he couldn = t eat for another 24 hours , while and then be totally contradicted by another who would say he could eat now if he wanted .
the producers say poppycock or some such thing and talk to him about the budget , inserting here and there that they are sorry for his lossbut always the but , the even so , the life goes on and kevin , overhearing this , understands completely .
of course joe wanted to talk to them , find out where they were from because that was the first thing he always asked any new person he met .
i feel terrible not even feeding any of them , she said and alexander told her the same thing her second husband used to tell her you ca nt save the world .
so he told her ok and be careful and i love you all of which sounded like the sort of thing a husband might tell a wife who had just robbed a bank but which was also the sort of thing a husband might tell his wife if he just wanted to end the conversation politely and go back to sleep .
so he told her ok and be careful and i love you all of which sounded like the sort of thing a husband might tell a wife who had just robbed a bank but which was also the sort of thing a husband might tell his wife if he just wanted to end the conversation politely and go back to sleep .
she said a lovely thing about youmrs .
one thing , i reread silent spring .
the sneer on his face when he regarded their house and turned to say something to the woman told her the same thing .
you re upset , but you still have no right to say such a mean thing .
the only thing he really learned from school was that he was stupid and should be ashamed of himself .
she fell backwards , and for a moment he saw her thing .
for a long moment malcolm stared back at the man , but the silence made him so nervous that he blurted out the first thing that came into his mind .
i would ask of you only one thing .
he had noticed with luke and dave at the garage that working together built trust and understanding , and he was sure the same thing was happening with him and mr . kaminski .
the whole thing meant in english , i am a man .
he did nt tell anyone at courtney academy , he signed no papers or any such thing , he just stopped going .
one thing they both implied but never stated was that the only way they became free of longo was because he grew tired of them .
so she had guessed right , but then everyone liked virgie , sweet thing that she was and would be again .
i m sorry to hear that , he said , knowing it was the right thing to say .
its the sort of thing that you can tell a minister .
but that s just saying the same thing .
they were guarded and afraid to say the wrong thing .
he seemed nervous and said the first thing that came into his mind .
one thing i think is promising .
right now the only thing were sure of is that we do nt want to get married in the winter .
i m sure you re right , but i think god asks only one thing from us .
i bet you anything that i did nt say a thing that she had nt already thought about .
drew started to say one more thing but thought better of it .
that was a safe thing to say and seemed to satisfy martha .
but walking in silence was worse than saying the wrong thing , so thinking that it would be safe he asked her about the journalism course .
that was a strange thing for a twenty - year - old young woman to say and she knew it .
she found herself thinking about what tom had accused her of doing with jeremy , and she suspected he was thinking the same thing .
first i remember a sarcastic thing he said about the right end .
sometimes when robert was in the neighborhood he would stop by henrys place and say things to mary and laugh because she did nt understand and he would talk about her to the baker boys who were the only young folks who ever really listened to robert .
a truck with the engine turned off and no headlights could mean only one thing and she was almost relieved , shed been expecting it so long .
its actually the same thing .
it was the first thing she had said for more than an hour .
something in the genes friday 6th july 1962 the first thing to be clear about is its not considered potentially fatal .
its not the sort of thing sisters would tell brothers in our day , even though we were close .
he made quite a thing about being at aunt mays funeral .
one thing i m sure was nt rumour was that barry johnson got drunk when he went into town , and was real bad news .
the very thing i d heard .
it think it was the one thing i got right the entire day .
feral waves of yellow and red flames crawled up the walls around him , and the only thing milton yelled to the fireman was , i m a big mistake !
its all the same thing to me .
i knew what it said without opening it because they all say the same thing .
not many smoke them here and george does n't know but genevieve and me keep this one thing secret .
' funny thing for a dying man to say . '
the only thing that i understood was that there is one thing that unites all the world religions and it was the power of faith of the people , their attempts to understand god and themselves .
i forgot to tell the funniest thing .
i m curious to know one thing .
i do nt know if i really will or not , but it seems like a nice thing to say .
the name thing is a lost cause for this semester .
no one says a thing .
the one last thing i permit myself to say is a little request for him to also google salt spring and look at the pictures .
steven was dumbfounded ; this was the last thing he expected .
the first thing that came to his mind was the lack of funding for his new tv .
he felt a little guilty about getting a free meal , especially since the phrase ' there 's no such thing as a free lunch ' kept repeating itself in his mind .
it was the nicest thing somebody had said to him in quite some time .
for some reason manuel 's idea was the only thing that popped into his head .
i could ask you the same thing , his father responded .
it was just a socially acceptable thing to say in a situation like this .
he said the exact same thing back , unsure of what to say .
it 's a lie , that phrase : there 's no such thing as a stupid question .
it was the only thing steven could immediately think to say without accidentally sounding rude .
you said the same thing last night .
then paul forgot the whole thing .
she could tell them all a thing or two !
but one thing i think , and its something i ve always thought , although i have nt always remembered it as well as i should , something opa taught me , is that life is good .
there s no such thing as too much eggmenog .
you know , tallion , i m a loving , august merciful soulbut lets get one thing straightbefore you get into my forty thousand dollar ride - puke now , or forever hold your peas .
cassy , you did nt say a thing to anyone but ray .
he cleared his throat , or some such thing .
but how can i go back not knowing that thing i ca nt remember , that i m going to have to face again .
i waited for her to say something more about soul and consciousness , because i was wondering if they were the same thing .
budda had thought no such thing .
tell them the same thing i told you .
budda knew he sounded whiny , but it was the truest thing he had said all weekend .
it was the first intentionally - funny thing he had ever said .
there is so much i want to tell you , but if i could tell one thing , just one thing , it would be this : cry .
there is so much i want to tell you , but if i could tell one thing , just one thing , it would be this : cry .
i ve never told this terrible thing to anyone .
jeff did not say a thing , turning his disappointed face to the ocean .
` ` you do nt have to say a thing . ''
antebellum i am sitting in fourth period and the same thing keeps rolling around in my head .
and one thing you can say for the daratzios is they look after their own and they never welsh on a deal , even when its not writ down , which is most of the time as you d know .
there are triggers , like if i say the wrong thing .
` ` one thing is certain , '' he adds , after another silent pause .
i ve asked myself the same thing , but none of those things seem to light up the switchboard .
i ve asked myself the same thing , but none of those things seem to light up the switchboard .
i loved her so much because it was the last thing my baba ever gave me because just three months later he died .
he guessed that after seeing how the family had changed after tisha and khloe moved in and took over that the only thing his other daughters wanted to say to him but could nt was , dad , you re stupid .
he could only think of one thing that would fill his guts .
out of desperation , i said the first thing that popped into my head .
that is the first thing i wanted to share .
it should lead right into the second thing i d like to share .
the only other thing i could think to say was , lewis , the volunteer .
nothing came , so i said the first thing that came to mind .
well , that s the third thing i told you i would share with you .
so right then and there , when he heard that thing about thick eyebrows , he decided he should only find girls with thick eyebrows .
what a stupid thing to say to someone when you were on the cusp of revealing your true feelings .
how could such a thing be so funny ?
i might not agree with his politics , his music sensibilities or his taste in fiction , but ill know one thing : he s a normal guy .
my wife said the strangest thing about it , tom said .
the first thing that sprang to his mind , taking her back to his apartment and collecting his telescope and driving out into the countryside to show her stars and far off planets was immediately vetoed by him , as there was no way to shift gears from dance club to remote location without seeming , well , weird .
i m sorry that s kind of a jock thing to say but i had never expected i d have sex while i was a fugitive !
there was one thing i thought i could nt tell him though .
i just want to show you this one thing he said .
how could i proclaim such a bold thing ?
i told him the same thing i m about to tell you .
maybe that s the cruelest thing you can ever call a man .
i really ca nt stop thinking about her , and she tells me the same thing .
i suppose if i wanted to learn one thing from you , i said .
and the one thing i learned from you over the past few years is that most people are predictable .
ill tell you the same thing that i told all those shrinks they sent me to when i was a kid , he continued .
besides , you ca nt prove a damn thing .
i only wish for one thing , i confessed .
it was a question miles thought completely invalidated the whole jesus was the son of god thing .
in thinking about it , it made sense to miles that artists would most likely hear that sort of thing all the time , as that was really the nature of their work to challenge perceptions and notions , to shift paradigms , to help people veer off the well - tended roads and pathways once in a while so that lives might be affected and changed in ways that might not have been previously considered had it not been for the impetus , the catalyst , of art .
she felt like she was listening to clones who had been specifically bred to just say the same thing over and over again , without ever thinking about their words or their meaning .
susan , i have only one thing to say .
that s the coolest thing i ve ever heard , gushed mara .
i only know one thing for certain ... moms voice trailed off .
she was my girlfriend now , and it seemed like the right thing to say .
well that s a silly thing to say , mom replied .
i had a mental list of every nice thing that mara ever said to me , but they were always part of a game or joke .
sure thing , officer beeder , i said .
julia had begun asking the question before she really knew what she was asking or why she wanted to know the answer , but now that it was out it seemed like the most important thing she had ever asked him .
you preach one thing because of logic but you really believe another .
they do the same thing at the nursing home and call her a receptionist , julia thought as she took in the crowd of people milling about the gymnasium .
but i ca nt without somethin mystical , an i ca nt get that without faith , an i do nt have faith , an its not the kind a thing you can just muster up inside a you .
if he d only said something he could have mastered it , even if he d said the wrong thing .
it might be the only sober thing i say all day , so do nt think i m rambling .
i overheard some people talking about that sort of thing , and the things they said made me think that they d never accept me if they knew .
i wish the same thing for you , sara said .
were going to do the whole thing over again , exactly the same .
the conversations varied greatly from one place to another , but everyone seemed to be saying the same thing .
that might be the only right thing he s ever said .
i guess its the closest thing we have to home these days , julia answered .
i m sure that your devil would say the same thing .
he s been trying to convince me that if i m right about there not being an afterlife or a supreme being , then i should just kill myself , and you ve been saying the same thing , not in those words , but the meaning is the same .
every last one of us is exactly the same , preaching one thing , but deep down we all believe something different .
at this peter looked at her intently and said , i know i have nt been a great father , and i m in no position to give you or anyone else advice on life or the human condition , but i can promise you that i know this one thing .
how could you say such a thing at a time like this ?
i m sure my mom will say the same thing about me , i assure her .
i decide not to delve into my feelings , and stick with the object the thing at the center of our current fight .
` ` i got ta hand you one thing , '' he said solemnly , ` ` i figured it 'd be harley walking out of that stable , and you layin ' dead . ''
i know one thing : i love this girl .
before he goes to sleep most nights , ricardo says the very same thing to me .
i wonder , and apparently cheetah is thinking the same thing .
the only sane thing i can say about these people is that they actually condone heavy drug use .
he d said that very thing to billy the day of the funeral .
did she in that moment discern the ineluctable advent of the next thing ?
maybe that was related to the next thing .
the next thing .
castle freeman , jr . ( the next thing on benefit ) is a novelist and short story writer living in southern vermont .
once she started looking at those places she realized a whole list of things ; that other people had much worse problems than hers , that a lot of kids were seriously messed up , that a lot of parents had let their kids down , that tons of children had no one to look after them , that plenty of people had recently lost loved ones , that so many others were lonely .
if it ever came up , and it hardly ever did , he 'd say the same thing every time , word for word .
he continued to laugh as he said it , as if this was the funniest thing he d ever heard .
i ask you this one thing and you suggest my madness ?
the worst thing he could do is say pretty harsh things to you , lucas said casually .
the only thing he had to go on was his total rejection of everything that had gone before him .
looking around the unkempt room and the house , and seeing himself in a mirror , haggard , it was not difficult for joseph to infer what prompted his colleague to say such a thing .
i do , alice hastily replied ; at least at least i mean what i say that s the same thing , you know .
but one thing which is clear is that the anomalies do not arise because the universe itself is somehow flawed or breaks some fundamental laws of nature or being .
her response made sense to me because my step father did the same thing .
the thing i am writing now is surely going to convince jack that i am of the devils party .
another thing matthew arnold said was : truth sits upon the lips of dying men .
that s the sweetest thing i ever heard , now ai nt it .
when the popes tribunal finally , and officially , pronounced its sentencethe dark and pendulous thing which had hung over him as an all but certainty for over seven jailed yearshe nonetheless almost fainted , his knees almost buckled , his heart almost stopped .
the scent of dew and many plants rose to fill his nostrils as he focused all mindfulness upon the answer to comefor as with all other things the buddha said , he had to remember it verbatim : he was the gatherer and guardian of the dhamma .
best thing you can eat , son .
but they both wondered the same thing : she had heard ?
even he saw that that was a stupid thing to say .
yes , that was the wrong thing to say .
she was nt sure that was the right thing to say .
i m not a four - year - old , elsie , and i do nt remember the first thing about being one .
that s the silliest thing i ve ever heard .
your best may not be good enough here , you must promise me to not change a thing .
she only stopped him to clarify one thing .
must have , it was the only thing that made any sense , the only thing her vision would agree to .
must have , it was the only thing that made any sense , the only thing her vision would agree to .
i said the same thing , but doctor insisted .
last time she had spoken to karen she had said the problem with brad was that he had nt said a thing , that the doctor thought that he might have had a relapse .
tell her the same thing again , whatever threat you can level that will prevent her from signing anything .
in fact , mom , i only called to tell you one thing .
stupid thing to say , actually .
was there actually such a thing ?
what a singularly stupid thing to say .
just one more thing you had to remember in order to ingratiate yourself with your sources .
she felt it was the right thing to say .
the thing that they will challenge , my boss , and colleagues , and other press and media , is how you knew about the documents in the glove compartment .
shadow seemed to wonder the same thing , sitting on the floor looking up at her , right at her , not even blinking .
she could make out the ceiling now , was the last thing she thought before she drifted off into dream again , another dream , this one not so unpleasant , alive with fragrance .
but since it does indeed arriveand no one disagrees on this point ; since it does have destination , it must it arrive from somewhere : another thing agreed .
that s one thing he did remember thinking last year , and the year before that .
he had studied french literature and poetry , and especially baudelaire ( before the pragmatic side of him , in his final year , had opted for a different and more business - suited direction ) , and now realized that he actually remembered the thing : let me breathe the fragrance of your hair for long , for ever .
well , it amounts to same thing .
that s not a very nice thing to say , said harrys pine .
that is the one thing we can not deny .
the other thing we can not deny is that every year he is faced by the month - long insanity we call the storm .
why would such a thing , were it true , be economical and not doctrinal ?
a very un - blackburnish thing to say , said alwyn .
i took her back to the guest room ( your bedroom is the journal room , she said when i suggested it , which struck me as an amazing thing to say ) .
which wasalthough i m not sure how i could have knownthe wrong thing to say , for that brought everything back to her and she began to cry .
asked me to not be away long , though , was the last thing she managed to say before she fell back and vanished ; dead to the world .
i know that is a strange , strange thing to say , but it is nonetheless true .
that s the saddest thing i ve ever heard .
there simply is no such thing .
these seven samples must suffice : : the earth sings feet above and sky below the knee the heel the tooth the shallow hollow neath my chin her chin its shallow hollow too lips and tongue and breasts and noses waters soft and mighty there is no red here no pain here no me here only melting as the earth sings : the river for me there is no slaking this thirst by drinking no quieting this roar by bread or by meat no quenching this desire by yielding there is no escaping my captor by a coming together there is no relief from this dream by waking no quieting this moan by hearing it complete no pouring myself into wonderful warmth there is no release by finally melting surely , this is a sickness surely , when not a minute passes without the thought of her when not a breath escapes me without the need to touch to hold , to bury my face in her hair and vanish into that river surely , this is a sickness this awful pull this unreasoning this unseeing that sees nothing but her that feels nothing but the need to furl up against her and vanish into that river for this is not volition no , this is not choice this is now river this can not be right this driving rush that asks nothing but obedience blind and absolute that hopes for nothing but release and never stops speaking it is a terrible sickness this one that seizes the heart in its iron grip and seems to leave it up to you when in truth there is no you left to leave it up to for now there is only the heart and the fist and its terrible crushing strength it is the human part of being so very human it is the lie that states in a thousand different guises that you are incomplete without her that you are unfulfilled without her that you are less yourself without her it is the hurt that says in a thousand different tongues that you are nothing but hope without her nothing but that constant aching seething seeking loving lost and roaming tossed and sinking warm and clutching darkly living softly killing wish how can this be me so content a moon ago now so starved how can this be me so in flight a sky ago so heavy now with earth ah , that i could lose myself in something else in something less consuming while still i have some air to call my own untainted by this ceaseless love so fierce that only poetry can heal it for unlike the bruises cuts and breaks and scrapes and burns that start their healing once received ( the body sees to that ) this wound is of the unhealing kind so fierce at times that priests would drown its moan with metal and thong in rivers of blood in grooves of pain to replace her ache for a moment at least with the sting of her sister and yet , and yet , i have to know tell me by what design and by whose does this tender seed sown by love so innocently by a blush perhaps by a sweet smile a kiss a tender eye a touch by one hand upon another with no harm planned nor pain intended tell me by what design and by whose does this tender seed thus planted into soil of understanding turn parasite turn tentacles turn drooling turn strands then shackles then terrible sickness by no will of mine ( and so i swear ) by no will of hers ( and so i swear ) by only the voice of one heart caught by another though heard by these strands so fierce and strong only song can sever but whence do they spring these tiny strands so small at first as to not be seen that can grow to turn a nothing but sky into terrible darkness how do they grow these tiny strands from hand on hand and tongue on tongue to turn a nothing but laughter to a nothing but ache and so i wonder what endurance what steadiness of hand what surgical skill will it take what masterful incisions and delicate cuttings must succeed that the sickness and its innocent heart be severed that the patient may still live that the sharing may remain while the terrible sickness returns to earth to shatter this , my love , is the trial of spirit living here : the tide gingerly the lips collide the honey of the tongue melts to form a glow a rush , a river love 's forever rising tide now innocent and young surging in a slowly mounting quiver ah , this moment 's so sweet to touch sweet to feel harboring such gently surreal pleasure but time is so hard to catch hard to hold when dreams all hatch awed by her old mythical treasure sanguineous , the rising head enchanted to the core races for a pain unsought , unchosen passions gasp and cry instead of laughing like before wasted , bleeding , slain forgotten , frozen this moment is hard to find hard to view a warm and blind and lost and untrue dawning but time is so hard to catch hard to hold when lives all hatch true to her old unceasing spawning : the tender lie will my heart and her tender lie be for me to know as a light or a woe to cry or a wound to show maybe more like a prayer to say or a bond to break or perhaps as a far away or a grave mistake maybe love and her ache will pass me by if i pledge my past and would cease to try but then my heart and whatever that i be we come to you as you come to me in your eyes i see shadows laugh as i drink your grace and i wonder on whose behalf do they leave their trace in the warmth of your deep embrace i can feel no pain nor the world that i have to face if i would maintain seems like love up and caught me on the run with the chains i trail and the needs i shun but for you i ' m a better man for sure i could see myself and i would endure i do n't know why you take for granted i am yours when i belong to no one i ' m torn and i bleed and i ' m left enchanted yet you lie and you say that no harm is done will this life and the things i chase be for me to know as a lie or a futile race or a seed to sow maybe more like a brand new day or a chance to take or perhaps as a field of play with my soul at stake maybe life and her lust will pass me by if i trust my wings and would dare to fly maybe then i shall be what i can be i shall know the sky i shall sail and see : the fever colossal the mountain moving at speed across space capitulating : the sharing i glean and i gather reflections of time to sing and to savor for a while until it is over they shine and they glitter they whisper and chime to touch and to talk to me awhile until it is over with a heartful of things to say i have rivers to tell but if i ca n't begin i may as well be gone with love as my fortress and sin as my guise if i could just share a little while into it is over and while that tenderness is hard to find is so hard to show is so hard to know i find that nonetheless to dream about but to do without is harder still : the fading silent by the fire you rose to retire slowly as you fingered your hair and then lingered and then you turned to me and you smiled at what you saw and what i saw was how you faded into leaving my heart in despair my eyes in awe : : 105 : : alwyn stirred , opened her eyes , and asked him where he had been , and what time was it ?
he said nothingthe right thing to say .
i guess that s one way of putting it , said harry for lack of a better thing to say .
which was a very right thing to say .
strange thing to come from someone who , harry would have guessed , was barely laras age .
looking for the truest truth in the painting : the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the paltry one of what makes four ( two plus two ) , or what makes six ( three plus three , or three times two , or nine less three ) the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the pleasant one of one more kiss , or one more touch or glance and sweet caress the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the ugly one of starved to death by constant greed the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is not the shiny one of just so many stars and just so far away the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is not the falling one of gravity , the rising one of air , the gliding one of wind , or sinking one of stone nor the flying one of bird , or swimming one of fish , or swaying one of tree or grass in the wind , or raining one of clouds too gray and heavy nor the warming one of sun , or stilling one of moon the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is all of these and more the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is that one yes that proves it all , affirmative of all corroborated everywhere in everything in everyone the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is that one breath that brought it all about is that one truth that first and last and always says : see , i am evident it is that one long and silent yes which everything points to , and i will look for and find each thing that does for as i look , and listen well my heart , my me will tell if this one thing , say this stone this bird bears witness and i will know , for know i do , if it does and if it does ill render it true with color true this painting to receive , embrace , reflect this canvas of evidence each thing , it could be a smile , a frown it could be a sigh , the bending over to kiss the earth of the bluebell each such thing as i see i will render it true in this painting a friendly word , the silent god i see and paint them both upon my canvas he laughs and laughs and can not stop : it too strikes me true and so i add his laughter this i know : when all i see and all i hear and all i sense and think and fear when all i taste and all i touch and all i read and treasure much when all i was and ever will be when all you were and ever will be when all this is and ever will be when all rings true with color brushed again by me then i will have rendered true the truth i seek and behold , he says : the painting is come alive as one long and never ending yes and finding it , seeing his collection of little truths come together at last to form the one yes he was looking for , harry was soon struck by another , stranger one , in the paintee : it is done , and come alive it lives and breathes and labors that colors could rise and cast shadow that trees first bent this way now bend that bemused i sit and wonder its here all right canvas of all life alive indeed and vastly me but only as a paintee as painter this bemusing thing : the paintee looks up and says good the paintee looks down and says bad the paintee looks up and says white the paintee looks down and says black the paintee looks up and says love the paintee looks down and says hate the paintee looks up and says god the paintee looks down and says devil the paintee looks up and says heaven the paintee looks down and says hell the painter looks on and says : painting the ring of melting ends with layers , which , whenever he reads it , makes harry wonder if wendell reeses did not simply de - materialize rather than vanishthere is a difference .
looking for the truest truth in the painting : the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the paltry one of what makes four ( two plus two ) , or what makes six ( three plus three , or three times two , or nine less three ) the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the pleasant one of one more kiss , or one more touch or glance and sweet caress the truth , he thought , the truth i seek , is not the ugly one of starved to death by constant greed the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is not the shiny one of just so many stars and just so far away the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is not the falling one of gravity , the rising one of air , the gliding one of wind , or sinking one of stone nor the flying one of bird , or swimming one of fish , or swaying one of tree or grass in the wind , or raining one of clouds too gray and heavy nor the warming one of sun , or stilling one of moon the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is all of these and more the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is that one yes that proves it all , affirmative of all corroborated everywhere in everything in everyone the truth , he thought , the truth i seek is that one breath that brought it all about is that one truth that first and last and always says : see , i am evident it is that one long and silent yes which everything points to , and i will look for and find each thing that does for as i look , and listen well my heart , my me will tell if this one thing , say this stone this bird bears witness and i will know , for know i do , if it does and if it does ill render it true with color true this painting to receive , embrace , reflect this canvas of evidence each thing , it could be a smile , a frown it could be a sigh , the bending over to kiss the earth of the bluebell each such thing as i see i will render it true in this painting a friendly word , the silent god i see and paint them both upon my canvas he laughs and laughs and can not stop : it too strikes me true and so i add his laughter this i know : when all i see and all i hear and all i sense and think and fear when all i taste and all i touch and all i read and treasure much when all i was and ever will be when all you were and ever will be when all this is and ever will be when all rings true with color brushed again by me then i will have rendered true the truth i seek and behold , he says : the painting is come alive as one long and never ending yes and finding it , seeing his collection of little truths come together at last to form the one yes he was looking for , harry was soon struck by another , stranger one , in the paintee : it is done , and come alive it lives and breathes and labors that colors could rise and cast shadow that trees first bent this way now bend that bemused i sit and wonder its here all right canvas of all life alive indeed and vastly me but only as a paintee as painter this bemusing thing : the paintee looks up and says good the paintee looks down and says bad the paintee looks up and says white the paintee looks down and says black the paintee looks up and says love the paintee looks down and says hate the paintee looks up and says god the paintee looks down and says devil the paintee looks up and says heaven the paintee looks down and says hell the painter looks on and says : painting the ring of melting ends with layers , which , whenever he reads it , makes harry wonder if wendell reeses did not simply de - materialize rather than vanishthere is a difference .
another thing sharid had told him was that an old bristlecone was running interference .
there was no such thing as no trails .
i listen to the witnesses give their eyewitness accounts and they 're all saying the same thing .
and the last thing i said to her before i left that bar , the last thing i remember ... ' things will never be the same between us .
and the last thing i said to her before i left that bar , the last thing i remember ... ' things will never be the same between us .
and once i ' ve told you the whole thing , this is all over .
the last thing that resonates in my brain before i pass out is holy shit , i saw kara today , and holy shit , i might actually see her again .
so i ' m hoping it 's the first thing .
we cheers , and drink , and all throughout dinner i can only think about one thing .
do you think , for one second , people really remember the whole dodger thing ?
well , not the whole truth , but she 'll know at least one thing .
the dialog flows smoothly and the screenplay form does it justice , as every painful , hurtful thing i said to kara is preserved brilliantly .
it 's the same thing over and over , i keep getting pushed away , so now all i do is push people away .
the first time i brought him home for a sunday lunch of overdone beef and uninspiring vegetables , he had found just the right things to say .
little books , pages all different colours , lots of pink and purple , and most girls wrote sickening little things , roses are red , violets are blue , sugar is sweet and so are you that type of rubbish and then signing their names all elaborate and decorating them with hearts and curls and anything that would make them look more significant .
it was as though his words were saying one thing , but the squeezes were intended to communicate a message that lay beneath the words : a message that bunnu found himself at a loss to interpret .
i brought the whole thing up at the wrong time .
from out of his ears and mouth overflowed beautiful and vibrant orange flowers that , for some reason , looked particularly aromatic , if such a thing were possible .
and it was on that return journey that didi suddenly began to sense that the karakaze seemed to be filling her with a kind of emptiness , if such a thing could be said to happen .
in fact , for a period of time until about a year and a half earlier , it had been a rather fashionable thing to have someone like bunnu as ones friend , if such a thing could be said .
my apologiesi do nt mean to harp on the same old thing over and over again .
just the thing she would say .
` ` that is the stupidest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' said alice .
i ' ve thought the same thing . ''
and then kristina said the fatal thing .
which , a fraction too late , struck him as an exquisitely lame thing to say .
` ` but that 's not the same thing . ''
monitor b will show the same thing , but with data captures in ram .
even so , he managed to say the correct thing , what they must do next .
perhaps it was leaning back against her backpack and looking up at the stars at this altitude , into a sky that even treated to a meteor or two slicing across the dusty dark in quick arcs ; perhaps it was this that made her curious as to whether there was some truth to that staying awake thing .
it was the natural thing to say , both the professional and the personal in her agreed .
` ` i was n't saying a thing , '' said clare .
and that was apparently the right thing to say , for her voice donned a friendlier note .
this was the precise thing to convey .
and the most saintly thing he ever saidand he said many saintly thingswas , before you speak ask yourself : is it kind , is it necessary , is it true , does it improve upon the silence ?
and another thing : it does not gender greed .
is there even such a thing , especially under these circumstances ?
ananda and ruth exchange another glance : there was , of course , no such thing , not under these or any circumstances .
thenas if the outcome of brunos threat to vested interest finally settled on their collective consciousnessno one said the next thing .
new data , said roth , whose patterning told him but one thing : alarming .
if you have heard anything during this trial , if any one thing has been spelled out , it is that the effect , ladies and gentlemen , the effect of the gospel according to miss marten , is societal chaos .
you know who i am , of course , she said , which i thought was an arrogant thing to say .
no such thing here .
the only thing that makes any sense .
there s no such thing , she said , or at least that is what i thought she said .
and while there was no rational way that he could even be there , i think both harriet and i thought the same thing : he had been looking for us , running for us , to find and to fetch us lest we die here , buried in the worst snowstorm in this citys history , in a new york where we could no longer recognize the streets .
and part of me , that s the hard thing to tell , but part of me is that selfish woman who wishes united nations general secretaries dead so she can read their diaries .
and i am happy to know you , was the most original thing i could think of .
nonetheless , i thought of telling him everythingperhaps he could shed some light on harriets withdrawalbut each time we met he was so damn teachy , and the one thing i did not want him to analyze or pick apart or otherwise try to invalidate was my journeys with her .
this is a hard thing for me to say , for i know how much you like mr . schlee , but , do nt you dare listen to him when it comes to the adventures we shared , harriet .
abram , a broody young man for whom arithmetic did not come easilywhich although it may be an unkind thing to say , with unkind implications , is nonetheless truewas set to help his father in the store at an early age .
and here , in the light of the spiritual sun , you must tell one final thing .
there is no such thing , said yama .
it sounds made up but in the inner city where blaise and jude first grew up lots of things sounded made up , in that place where some immigrants gave themselves new names like buck and phil and larry to fit in and start over and seem ready to be american .
this time he enlisted in the air force ( recently liberated into its own branch of the services - formerly the army air corps ) and in one of those million - to - one incidents that sometimes happen in life , the higher - up matched an enlisted man with his aptitude and set him to studying electronics under men who knew the hardware and the math , and he soaked it in like a dry sponge , studying electrons and radiometry and then their applications in communication and navigational systems , and more , and he passed all of their tests and made up lessons of his own and what he learned he sometimes shared but more often kept to himself , because the first thing any enlisted man ever learns is to never volunteer .
he got elected to congress and only says what his advisers tell him and one thing they tell him is not to talk to crackpots , so he is all fake smiles now .
i also noticed mrs . connellys brows knitting , guessed she must have been thinking the same thing .
that was far and away the last thing i expected to hear , and i laughed .
but then he told mr . tan the whole thing , just like michelle on the bleachers .
after i had finished telling her the story , rita said , you know there s one thing i never asked you .
now i explain you every thing , give me an instant to eat a sandwich and i adjourn you on the state of the things you / he / she has specified mark while chicken and gianca , completely disinteressantis , spoke of the last collection number of alan ford .
technically you / he / she would also be touched to me to tell something mark , but i did n't succeed there , i did n't know really thing to declare .
rarely happened that it nicknamed me so ; only when we were alone and nobody could feel us and to wonder of thing we were speaking .
a lot of things came to mind , i thought about me and chiara to you gnaw the year before , to the new year 's eve in mountain , at thousand o'clock you not at all quarrel , to thing you / they would have said his and mine when you / they would have known that we were left there , to its birthday , that would have been in one month and after years you / he / she would have celebrated him alone , to that time that the love had done in florence , to the first time that i had cooked for her and to when , before sleeping , i embraced him .
then if someone asks me thing you have taken to serravalle ?
i finally mark you / he / she has told us some developments riguardanti the preparation of the marriage , and it was strange , because every time that spoke , every thing that said , proposed her / it to the plural .
mr . mario , but has thing combined ?
i know all the particular because from children , while we were playing to metroid with the nintendo 8 bit , happened that the father of chicken reentered to prey house to one of his / her alcoholic deliriums and told every thing between a hiccup and the other .
and thing you want ?
the disgust that i / you / they are as people you / he / she has said him and i have understood to thing it referred .
i have not absolutely understood of thing him it treated , after all it was not the first time that the two big babies observed to tell him her in that way ; only it made me smile the tension at the expressions of gianca that it recommended him serious and the safety on the face of chicken that frowned it assured him / it to have understood everything nodding with the head .
reached the table , has struck by lightning us the smile of chicken that , placed the blue biro used for signing who knows thing , has exclaimed satisfied done !
i have answered to gianca passing him the nth cold beer and toasting with him how incredulous it did n't understand ( justly ) thing i / you had chattered .
i should like to know one thing more : how far they were open with one another that day and night and all this time since ?
i do nt care if you help me or not , as long as you promise one thing .
now if you would be so kind as to put my manager back on the phone , i will say the same thing to him .
the only thing i will dare say is that he married somewhat better than you did . ''
now there s the first really interesting thing you ve said all evening .
one more thing , nathalie , said .
as they walked to the subway station , julia said , one quick thing .
okay , but may i just say one more thing .
then she thought , oh i said the wrong thing .
there , you ve said just the perfect thing .
that s a lovely thing to say , my child , but i m not that person .
breakfast first thing in the morning and then boating , hiking , archery , arts and crafts , and then lunch followed by even more activities .
we glanced at each other , thinking the same thing , what s the matter with her ?
another thing i learned was the value of food stamps .
the only thing they said was to keep our mouths shut or we d all be under arrest .
there s no such thing as too much bacon .
it was nt the kind of thing that i d said to anyone before , much less someone who probably made a habit of beating up math whizzes like me .
it was the only thing i could think to say , but it sounded right .
one thing is true , maam .
i wondered if she was wishing for the same thing as me .
if they thought that we were scouting their club for the angels , they were probably afraid that someone might say the wrong thing and screw things up for everyone .
thanks , was the first thing jimbo said since we arrived .
bucks thinks that we promised the doll more than just the one thing , she said .
i can tell you one thing that s as certain as sunrise .
shut up , was the last thing that i heard albertson say as they left through the front door .
some loudmouth said the wrong thing and it set him off .
randal was the closest thing they ever had to a father .
the first thing the highway patrolman said was , get off the bike , kid .
albertson was going to hear the whole thing straight from the horses mouth .
diane had just said the same thing .
the same thing you should say if anybody asks what happened .
and little wanda carver a few moments ago had confirmed the same thing .
wanda , said pat with strained patience , you say that same thing every year , and every year you be wrong !
i do nt have anything against your familybecause i know that s the first thing you ll think .
and when were behind , same thing .
did they think the same thing about her friendship with miz grace that aunt madge and mama thought ?
tracy was always parched and ravenous after basketball practice , so this change in the girls behavior , in her routine , could only mean one thing .
both were thinking the same thing : madge had accused virginia daggett .
what s that thing on her face !
i 'll tell you one thing though ; if there is intelligent life out there and we do nt find them , if they ever go looking for us , they wo nt have any trouble .
but mike had verbalized the thing that she was most frustrated about .
the most telling thing that i can say is that the crew has found her to be enjoyable company .
the way you are talking , and everything that s going on , i m just saying tammy said the same thing yesterday .
it was only thing that came to mind .
wow , that s a horrible thing to say .
one thing she needed to keep telling herself was that her mother was not on her side , she was not her friend , and did nt care for welfare .
that 's a terrible thing to say , '' annie says .
it 's the first thing she 's said since she returned to the table , and it took every ounce of composure she had to speak to him , to utter his name .
you know , a please - have - mercy - on - us - and - we - are - your - dutiful - supplicants kind of thing . ''
but , one thing i can say about him , he would never have bailed on me the way you did . ''
you can see from her face that she is thinking the same thing .
remember one thing , sally .
he did nt want to admit that he was thinking the same thing .
that s a very kind thing to say .
that s a very kind thing to say , said tom .
and what was that little thing about women changing their minds ?
he could nt see what she was wearing under her raincoat , but it seemed like the right thing to say .
she s telling her parents the same thing that i m about to tell you , said josh .
it was the same thing aaron said in the car , almost , except aaron sounded apathetic now where he 'd been scornful earlier .
` ` someone else asked me that same thing two years ago .
neil was n't going to tell that psychiatrist a thing , but he nodded .
there was only one thing left to change .
what he 'd just told andrew was fifty percent truth , the most honest thing he 'd ever tell someone about his life , and andrew took it without batting an eye .
it was the first positive thing neil had ever heard kevin say about the foxes .
` ` and what a thing to say !
it was a strange thing for nicky to say considering he had cousins on the team .
if the wrong thing were said , they would be moved into different territories .
jerry considered reminding bob that he too knew the schedule of the sanitation crew , but checked himself realizing it was the kind of thing that nancy might say to him in a tone of voice that would set them off for half a day .
and while you re lying there in your rack and waiting to go to sleep you think about all the homos on the boat , because everyone knows who they are , and most guys except for some of the chiefs do nt give a shit what anyone does off the boat to whoever they want to do it to however they want to do it , just stay the fuck away from me on the boat [ 65 ] , and that the gay guy in electronics is probably the best et on the boat and no one gives a shit , and then you remember the big white bird that floated in out of the fog and landed on the flight deck on the bow just about thirty feet from you when you were out on low vis and stood there in the dark , lit red from the port side bow light while you and that other guy watched and did nt say a thing , and then he flapped his wings and took off , and you wonder where the hell he came from and where the hell he went and then you fall asleep .
and you can see in his eyes that he can see in your eyes that you are really , really pissed , and mr . holden comes up and says we need to go and the uncle says wait and then he looks at you for a long time measuring , and says it makes you angry to see that and you say yes and he says very angry and you say yes very angry and he says i am sorry you are angry i am sorry that i send my sisters son to pick up bullets and rockets too , i am sorry that my son is dead but i would send him too , because you , and he waves at you and mr . holden and the marine , because you will leave soon and we , we will have to fight saddam again and we will need the bullets and rockets and there s not a goddam thing you can say to that , is there .
' well i can assure you of one thing i will not die at this battle . '
one thing bri knew for sure and that was she would defy anything this bitter princess predicted .
what a childish thing to have said as an attempted insult .
how dare you accuse me of such a thing !
that is the worst thing i have ever heard !
i was not as positive of such a thing as she was , but i nodded so as to calm her down .
there is one thing left that i can think of .
in bed he tossed , night fires in the brain , dreams intertwined with what he read , math bleeding into philosophy , economics into biology , what gave an object its mass or an idea its legs , what was real , what was truth was there such a thing at all ?
` ` one thing i sure as heck ca n't help but wonder , '' said ray , ` ` if everything under the sun is a god damn joke to you ? ''
` ` another thing , '' said ray , ` ` is that you should n't throw yourself at the other fella if he 's bigger , otherwise they can grab you like a sack of feed . ''
now if you said , massachusetts , or florida , then i 'd say , well , i 'd say the same thing . ''
` ` i ' m sure he left out the one thing . ''
` ` crazy people claim the same thing , right in minneapolis , right now on the street corners . ''
ray said , ` ` that thing you said on the way here .
if there 's one thing i believe in this world , god is that one thing . ''
if there 's one thing i believe in this world , god is that one thing . ''
@ atell me one thing , is it the shaman , has he come for me ?
the fact that this guy did told me one thing i was screwed as hell .
the guy who wrote the damn bill , pitched it , got the thing passed .
she calls again , and is told the same thing .
that s the furthest thing from my mind .
that s not the most absurd thing his followers believe about him .
the most comforting thing you can say to a mississippian is that we pass this way but once .
sure thing , young lady .
the one thing that comes through clearly is that he s terrified of the devil , who seems to be after him because alfalfa knows the whereabouts of a certain object the devil wants .
that s the most depressing thing i ve ever heard , i say .
one thing i d like to know , i say .
what do you suppose the first thing the lawyers going to ask if i take the stand ?
i was thinking the same thing , i say .
i said the same thing to the lady professor you brought in to scold me that afternoon .
tatyana lets the question hang in the air , refuses to say another thing until i answer .
of course , garrett thinks the whole thing is bullshit .
well , a row first thing in the morning has put me in a foul mood .
well that s just the stupidest thing i ve ever heard .
all right , were all thinking the same thing .
but a man can not be told by his face- the only thing a face will tell is how the world will treat a man by such a face .
hank 's brand of music is unlike any that came before it- this is the important thing to know .
leon : there 's one more thing heart of the people wishes i tell you .
leon : music , sound , is about silence- that 's the first thing he ever told me .
the last thing he ever said to me was that she would be proud .
kane : what whole thing ?
and you laughed and told me that the whole thing was a stupid pun about a vagina .
leon said the same thing .
i may be the biggest scoundrel of the three of us , but you ' ve got one thing wrong- i was never in competition with you .
colling was taken by surprise by her response , and uncomfortably offered the only thing he could think of , i would nt say that .
colling said the same thing to zabiewski when they met him in his office and colling handed him the list of the directors requests .
he had no answer , and the only thing he could think of to say was , if no one resists them , the russians should have no reason to harm anyone .
i could say the same thing , only mine was better than wonderful .
it was the one thing that my parents conceded .
i preferred to type up my assignments , so if i need to edit it later , it was easier than rewriting the whole thing .
maybe i was over thinking the whole thing .
the only thing that came to mind was , okay .
and lastly , number 4 , patrick would probably freak out too , thinking the same thing .
i said the only thing i could think of , i m sorry .
i said the only thing that came to mind , thanks .
now , the only thing i was afraid of at the moment was not knowing what was going through patricks head .
i felt bad , but i even asked patricks parents the same thing .
because it 's all the same thing to you ?
medy could have said more about what had happened , but even though she had n't spoken the words , cithara understood the whole thing .
` ` yes , i was thinking the same thing . ''
regardless of the happening ; one thing is for certain , and that ; is change .
you see , i do n't know the first thing about construction .
she said , somewhat stunned that she would even say such a thing .
for matthew , amelia was the missing piece , but part of him would rather throw out the puzzle than admit such a thing .
and one thing you have to understand is that anyone who comes to work at this facility does nt know what they re getting into and they never leave if they die , they re cremated here .
but , i do know one thing , said phil , pretty soon you re going to pass out i gave you one powerful dose of this stuff i m sorry you re gon na be really sick .
do n't even think such a thing .
this boy has real grit , he thought , if his father would just recognize him a little more and show him a thing or two , he could turn out to be a real man .
i 'll say one thing for that man .
i have a million things i want to say to you about all the things i ve learned in college and in the wild duress of this world we live in , but i am coming to you now with nothing to offer but these flowers and a little something that has been passed through my family .
i have a million things i want to say to you about all the things i ve learned in college and in the wild duress of this world we live in , but i am coming to you now with nothing to offer but these flowers and a little something that has been passed through my family .
i wondered the same thing for a long time .
this place and the stuff that happens here , they can make you feel all kinds of things .
okay , parker told the little thing .
the only thing i remember her saying is that she did nt like being in a car .
you ca nt write every little thing in a magazine article .
is nt there some detail , some little thing you could tell me so that i could find her ?
i was desperate to get her help at this point and said the first thing that came into my head .
the place where i was going into a trance and writing strange things and getting socially rewarded for it .
then i realized that was the truest thing i wanted , ever wanted in my life .
he knew she was nt , it was just the first thing he thought to say .
` ` i agree with you on one thing , boy .
as he approached , harry noted that they stood in positions of quiet reflection , pensively , as if struck dumb and frozen in time by the sudden realization of one thing or another .
i know one thing i have n't confessed up until now , and one thing i had n't confessed to ruth until that day - i found her mother 's journal .
oh , i wish i was dead , yes that is true , that is the one thing i ' ve prayed for these last few years .
and you are not here with me and i wish i 'd never written the thing .
my lame didacticism proved only one thing , that i have no clear beliefs : -do not despair too quickly brother , the book is still alive .
my mother has been all but forgotten and my father has not the memorial i planned from the first steps of writing the damn thing .
perhaps that 's the way he wanted it in the first place , he did have the thing published after all .
it is not the best thing i have ever written , it may not even be good enough to be the worst but it is the truth .
i do n't know anymore about very much but i do know one thing , the one thing i ' ve been told many times ; by my father , my mother and the bible .
i do n't know anymore about very much but i do know one thing , the one thing i ' ve been told many times ; by my father , my mother and the bible .
a vision thing mother and son had finished the shopping and decided to go to the zoo .
but is there such a thing ?
there are even days when i ca nt think of a thing to write .
( 14 ) it 's good to see you ( 15 ) scandalous ( 16 ) the return ( 17 ) too much reality ( 18 ) i knew instantly stories 19 - 24 ( 19 ) watching closely ( 20 ) the candle ( 21 ) a daddy story ( 22 ) a vision thing ( 23 ) planet zero ( 24 ) the formula stories 25 - 30 ( 25 ) the bounce ( 26 ) behind the door ( 27 ) the long walk ( 28 ) she 's perfect for him ( 29 ) how i met my ... ( 30 ) no journey 's end stories 31 - 36 ( 31 ) the big office ( 32 ) the greatest change ( 33 ) message on a bottle ( 34 ) getting there ( 35 ) the fool ( 36 ) nuts stories 37 - 43 ( 37 ) gone ( 38 ) spirit of the underbaby ( 39 ) misguided ( 40 ) the richest man in the world ( 41 ) smiler ( 42 ) window on death ( 43 ) money for old rope writing tips section one ( 1 ) you 're not mad ( 2 ) love the word ( 3 ) tech v literature ( 4 ) how to do proper research ( 5 ) writers ' block ( 6 ) write what you know ?
i packed it rst thing .
but all i did was mumble , this morrissey thing .
but i will tell you one thing : our luigi days are over .
but the man merely hunched his shoulders , mumbled some thing in a foreign accent , and walked on .
until then i had never seen her show any thing more than a cynical grin .
transubstantiation is the emperors new clothes of catholicism , he would announce off the top of his head in the middle of one of his all - night bashesor something equally as quotableand then stand , his head cocked to one side as if marveling that he had said such a thing .
i never said any thing to cynthia about that two a.m. joyride i had witnessed on my way home from eves .
i was inside a sanitized version of the seamy dig i had glimpsed earlier , peopled now by spectersghosts who spoke and even offered me some thing to eat .
i guess it was the kind of thing any lovingly protective father might say , but stated with his usual calm severity that always made me uncomfortable .
she s the one good thing i ve given to the world , the one thing my mother would have been proud of .
that s the sappiest thing i ve ever heard .
the long pause soon left me certain of one thing she was going to turn me down and was trying to think of a tender way of doing it .
and now what s the first thing that goes through my mind each time i notice my scar ?
kill lyle , was the first thing that popped into my head , but that would nt help evelyn .
cain , i whispered , trying to reprimand , shocked he would say such a thing , searching evelyns face for her reaction .
one more thing i forgot jesus said .
or , as one comic suggested , had jesus allowed this man - made type of resurrection so he could proclaim to the world the one thing he d forgotten to say in the gospels that everyone needed to eat more eggs ?
lets be truthful here : when ones friend has had his ( or her ) heart eviscerated there is only one thing to say .
that one thing is : i m here for you .
i wish i could erase the whole thing .
after all the romanticism he has spoken of to her about the mesmerising ways of cinema , after telling her of that rapturous experience of watching the barber of siberia , why did he say such a thing ?
simply because it begins by becoming alive to our sight ... and i forgot to tell you another thing .
the sound of the others voice has come to mean this very thing to them .
that s the most insane thing i ve ever heard .
that one thing you believe from the kings mouth , but nothing else .
that s an awful thing to say , mr . whoever - you - are , zoe blurted .
what a crude thing to say .
yet , the last thing she told her mother before she clacked the resin - hard receiver into the hook was clear : tell hector i love him .
the last thing he said to me before the accident was , hannah , i would go away and never come back if i thought it would heal your and christians marriage .
no , she could see now that it only proved one thing : his selfishness .
well , now she could see all her friends wondering the same thing , obsessing on their own problems , barely noticing if anyone else was acting weird .
amelia , who had basically moved in ( although nobody in their generation would admit such a thing ) , had dinner started although it was not even six .
the one thing he could note with any sort of pride was how the whole percent thing was taking hold in the lexicon .
here was this one thing he might share with me , if only to acknowledge , i was his own flesh and blood .
it was the sort of thing that i might be asking him .
i recalled one thing she had said , that one day she might hear one of my songs on the radio .
they were so small and innocent as i looked at katie and thought the same thing .
* * * my secretary waters my plants and says things like roots grow deep unless the plants are in pots .
i just ask one thing .
that he could ask lee to fudge the truth was one thing .
julia just promise me one thing , okay ?
could teach sunshine a thing or two , god , no one heres immune .
phil , its the same thing .
baby , its not the same thing .
god , that s an awful thing to say .
and you know exactly what she told me cause she said she told all you girls the same damned thing last week .
claire called , and the first thing she asked was how much longer was dad gon na live .
god , i was thinking the same thing before i had it done .
phoebe searched for a response , but the only thing she could manage was a quiet oh .
cassandra imagined that the fifteen - year old was searching her mind for the most unpleasant thing she could get away with saying that would nt result in a correction from her mother .
phoebe had things to say , and helen would not be able to say the right thing , but at least she could show her daughter how much she was hurting , too .
phoebe had things to say , and helen would not be able to say the right thing , but at least she could show her daughter how much she was hurting , too .
you do nt know why you worked so much , but i know one thing : you were nt there .
but i will guarantee one thing .
the first thing she grabbed was her laptop .
she was flying in the opposite direction of her dying father , but that was exactly what he would have wanted ; the one thing her father had always told her was to use her talents .
that was the one thing scott said that was correct .
and listen , nadia , one thing helen taught me is that blamestorming is a wasteful exercise .
the worst thing about it was that he was right .
the physical existence of the place should mean some - thing .
remember one thing , barry , jon walked towards his son .
sage knew that he and joe had been thinking the same thing about the two horses .
you d better understand one thing : sage made a promise to juanita that he would not kill you .
but one thing i am very sure and confident of .
yes monku , tell me the final thing .
lets get one thing straight here .
mr . schulke does not want me in this department because of who my father was and is looking for any little thing to write me upfor .
but i ve heard the same thing from frank dombrowski and scotty williams when they ve come over .
always said the perfect thing when i was feeling blue or claude was in a mood .
he writes the same thing every year .
i tell you frank sure sounded good , and i think schulke bought the whole thing .
well everything was going well , schulke said , but then frank dombrowski stood up and undercut the whole thing .
you have nt understood a damn thing i ve said .
the wrong guy said the wrong thing at the wrong time , and i clobbered him .
that thing you said earlier , began the captain , something about heirs of the body .
could field marshall montgomery , hero of el alamein , teach you a thing or two about coming out of the sand ?
you know , that whole cleanliness is next to godliness thing ?
he struggled to find the right thing to say .
about bloody time , applauded john , i m getting sick to death of hearing about the same thing all the time .
instead of thinking what a bitch she was for saying such a thing , i wondered how the hell she did nt hurt herself with that backside swinging from side to side like it did .
of course she thought no such thing , but she was not about to engage in any conversation that was likely to set pam off again .
i was sure mum and dad would ask me all about it when i got home and i did nt want to have to make the whole thing up .
ill say no such thing , she giggled .
what a nice thing to say , thought maggie .
the whole service thing was a rip off .
he diverted his eyes from the group and silently prayed that roger would not say another thing about jane .
now , thought maggie , here was a bloke that could teach roger a thing or two .
what was roger doing with jane to make her say such a thing ?
nobody else thought what he said was funny , but they did nt realise that i d said the same dumb thing .
peter stared at her , unable to think of a single thing to say .
there are many more names for it , but they mean the same thing .
even though my conscience said it was the right thing to say , i tried not to sound too convincing , in case she changed her mind .
what a nice thing to say .
peter was aware of having said the same thing once or twice in the past and realised with dread that it was just as likely to succeed now as it had been then .
its the same thing she gets every time .
i always thought it was a weird thing to say because i ve seen lots of grownups that were wrong and they usually acted like children about it .
and ill tell you another thing , she said with such kindness i nearly cried , i guarantee he does nt blame you one bit , so stop beating yourself up over it .
tom , that s not a very charitable thing to say about your friends cousin .
because it might be the last thing tom says to him , that s why .
he could nt believe that jane would say such a thing .
peter had nt told him any such thing , but roger was too thick to question what mary had said , so he let the matter drop .
` ` one thing i do n't understand , '' phoebe handed him back the clipping .
` ` has a disgruntled parishioner ever told you such a thing or do you assume that , as god 's divine emissary , everything you say or do is above reproach ? ''
the problem of clean water for the palestinian residents of gaza he would learn a thing or two about why one group of people had glistening , perfectly clean water to cook , bath and even wash their pets with while their neighbors subsisted in abject filth .
my mother says that i have this pathological tendency to say every foolish thing that crosses my mind without filtering content .
i dragged along behind my parents and younger sister as they flitted about the touristy shopping area , buying t - shirts that said stupid things like i m a bona fide mainiac ! , purchasing coffee mugs that were ridiculously overpriced and homemade blueberry jellies for relatives and friends .
` ` and how would you know such a thing ? ''
oh , johnny said shouting after him , i must mention one funny thing that dane said .
i claimed it was a slip of the tongue but he was clutching my shoulders so i was listening to him say one thing whilst he acted just like earl .
she also remembered saying the same thing herself .
dyou realise that s the first thing you ve said to me ?
i ca nt think of a thing to say about it .
there is one other thing i feel i should share .
-i ' ve had plenty of practice funny how it goes sometimes / i never wanted to be the domestic one never wanted to be a mother certainly not david 's mother especially not her / he was like a child in a lot of ways / david never really grew up he was so used to having things done for him / it was an incredible thing to see vanessa absolutely incredible the way he could write the things that he did / i moved in with him while we were trying to publish the first book still and he was just starting the second .
she wants to tell the girl all about it wants to explain everything she wants to tell vanessa how it felt when her parents died but she can not speak not about that not now she was thirty years old when it happened when they died she was called down to the hospital morgue to identify the bodies they 'd found i d but they were n't sure could n't say for sure there was n't much left of them her father in his cardigan sweater god he 'd loved those wore them all year round she remembers when she was a little girl just a little slip of a thing her granddaddy used to say before the dementia got him she would bury her face in her father 's chest any time she was afraid was sad was frightened she would bury her face in her father 's warm cardigan would cry to him and his arms wrapping around her the smell of it was written into her mind and there he was on the cold table and they had stripped him mostly naked nothing but a sheet over his body lacerated and bruised and burned and she 'd been unable to breathe unable to cry even she just sank against the wall gaping like a fish and she 'd tried to look away from it and she 'd found her mother 's body next to his her mother her mother god she could n't even think about her mother that was much too hard she looked back at her father looked at his body thinking about him when he was alive she thought of tall grass he 'd hated to mow the lawn and mom would n't do it the job hardly ever got done until joanna was a teenager and they paid her to do it for them he 'd used to walk barefoot would stand there with no shoes no socks feeling the grass between his toes smiling up at the sun darn nice day he would say to her darn nice and she would laugh and run around and he 'd adjust his glasses and put his hands in his pockets he 'd been so proud of her his child his only child his little girl you could see him bursting at the seams with pride like he wanted to run around run barefoot through the neighborhood with her up on his shoulders just shouting this is my child this is my little girl look at her is n't she beautiful is n't she smart is n't she perfect i ' m so proud of her and then he was gone they were both gone and she had nothing there was nobody else in the world who was that proud of her who loved her that much how could there be and then there was david smiling at her across the cafe falling for her and she falling for him and she 'd been open been raw been a wound been hungry for him enough to let herself fall in love with him even though even though even though and now it turned out he 'd felt the same felt more of the same had hated her in some part of himself she could n't understand how had they ended up together there had been good times had n't there or was it all just a fucking delusion was she just trying to justify all the time she 'd lost to him all the years given up she pitied him almost after all he was dead and she was still alive she could still move on could still have something she could fall in love she did n't need him she could be in love again so fuck you david .
she can smell him and the smell so strong and so familiar in such an unfamiliar place sets her back blots out all other senses leaves her staggering and all the memories sweep through afresh that he had loved her that he had turned away from her that he had forgotten her that he had died all of it all their lives together rushing back just as it has done so many times in these days since she found him crumpled at his desk in the study and she 'd hoped that it would hurt a little less each time but the opposite seems to be true it hurts more the void is larger and emptier and aches more and it feels like it is just going to get worse and worse until it swallows her up god she can not bear it to have lost him like that lost him over and over it seems sometimes that the past two decades have been a series of loses in sequence feeling him slip through her fingers a little further washed a little further out to sea she hates to think it does not want to admit it but in some ways she can only be glad that he died and of course she hates herself for thinking such a thing .
-we do / we write it together the thing about the professor about all those other guys those stuffy authors they can only see the world through the lens of their own selves they only write about one thing about one person it 's always about them storytelling on the other hand is a communal art it goes on passed down generation by generation changing from mother to daughter to her daughter to hers .
she remembers the night of the ceremony he 'd refused to go at first but of course eventually he was persuaded he 'd sat there brooding between two movie stars two young and beautiful actors with easy smiles and effortless charm and he 'd seethed his features black as a storm - cloud and when they said his name his name among others best adapted screenplay they said and he rose like a titan rose and thundered through the crush of applause up the steps across the stage he took the statue in his grip and stood behind the two others who had actually written the thing had erased everything he 'd done he let them speak briefly so briefly nobody wanted to hear the writers speak they were to be ushered swiftly away in favor of more familiar faces when it was his turn he cleared his throat against the microphone and she saw it in his eyes she saw his fear once he was actually up there and looking out at the room full of people more famous and more loved than he his whole being filled with fear .
-did you read the whole thing ?
this small gesture of attention later proved to be his universal sign of encouragement , but at the time i took it to mean only one thing that the moment had come for the dress rehearsal .
as much as i was confused by the event , i was now certain of one thing .
the one thing i was sure of , however , was that all these occurrences had managed to fog the image of juliska and place her on the sidelines of my life .
the last thing she wanted to do was vomit in a trains toilet and watch her own refuse slosh around with the rhythm of it .
he wanted to call it the love for a brother , that was the closest thing he could think of .
juliet obviously knew something about it , had helped planned it , no doubt , but he did nt care , he put absolutely faith in her and it was a relief to shirk off the responsibility of knowledge , some things just happen and that s it , he reminded himself again ; she would have only said some strange thing about karma or retribution anyway .
it was such a vulgar , american thing to say .
there , too many smiling faces did not reflect true feelings ; too many words said one thing , but meant another .
it was kind of a weird thing for the universe to throw at me considering she was the only person who knew i had seriously considered suicide at one time and the only person who d helped me get through it .
and most of them said the same thing .
i did ask god for one thing though .
but i must tell you another thing of fanny , so stupid .
sir thomas could not seriously expect such a thing !
guess my surprise , when i found that i had been asking the most unreasonable thing in the world ; had offended all the farmers in the parish ! ''
` ` i was just going to say the same thing , '' said mrs . norris .
how could mr . crawford say such a thing ?
` ` i had almost forgot ( it was edmund 's fault : he gets into my head more than does me good ) one thing i had to say from henry and myselfi mean about our taking you back into northamptonshire .
he had n't known the first thing about his tenant bill , yet conjured up an unfavorable impression simply because the guy was visibly low - income for christ 's sake give the man a break !
one thing in particular that you do n't know .
glen wanted to say the sweetest thing : i will always love you .
the first thing i ask a woman is which two phrases can control any man .
the first thing he told her after she introduced herself was that amanda had become a part of a rather unsavory group .
the only thing that laura had said during the phone call was about the police sirens and so both ian and amanda were relieved when she told them what was going on .
then stacy said the most heartbreaking thing amanda could ever have imagined .
either of them , both of them , neither of them , who would be living in this place when all things were said and done ; leaving behind all the things that could never be unsaid , all the things that could never be undone .
the only thing she said when ian stopped talking was that amanda had to go back to school .
the first thing was absolutely obvious to everyone ; she washed the gel out of her hair , the gel that had gone back the day after she came home from jail .
the one thing she held onto was tom saying that he was looking forward to doing a song with her , especially because it would be the first time that she sang for an audience .
the next thing amanda said shocked them both .
and then she said the thing she thought she would never have said in one million years , to tom or anyone else .
and that s the best thing i know in this world .
as the lexus drove out of the laneway , ian said the most perfect thing .
and then he said it , the worst thing of all .
and like every other teenager in love , the thing she ached to do , almost more than anything , was tell someone everything , every single thing , the best things and the worse things about it .
and like every other teenager in love , the thing she ached to do , almost more than anything , was tell someone everything , every single thing , the best things and the worse things about it .
and like every other teenager in love , the thing she ached to do , almost more than anything , was tell someone everything , every single thing , the best things and the worse things about it .
one thing i ve learned from loving you is there are no choices .
of course she could nt say such a thing to her friend because teenaged hookers on smack did not tend to meet many nice boys .
the one thing ann marie did say before they parted was that she remembered laura telling her that sharon had run a battered womens shelter before she married eugene .
when he was gone the first thing sharon said to ian was that laura was bringing george to the farm because she had asked her to help in breaking off her affair with him .
when he said the same thing to amanda and she told him no thanks , that she had her own buzz going , he refused to accept her answer .
the only thing that tom said after ians long monologue was that the way that he got through pain was remembering the prayer his mother had invented for their sunday service , it is possible to respect all living things .
that s a hideous thing to say .
ian said , and tom heatedly denied ever saying such a thing .
the one thing that she had not included in her first long letter was what she wanted to say most of all to her daughter .
it was the hardest thing that amanda had ever had to write .
the only thing that tom said when ann marie phoned and asked him what he was saying to her daughter was that he was just encouraging her to be angry .
but the one thing i can tell you is no one has ever left rabbi morris without feeling completely satisfied , satisfied , satisfied .
the one thing she would never tell anyone was that her body was reborn from her heart when the day finally came when she snapped the button on her jeans and slid down the zipper and felt her cold hand moving into the warmth of her body and she touched herself tenderly and sensation returned in the blackness and she could smell and feel the power and the beauty of desire flood through her body until it flung itself over a great precipice like a roaring rivers waterfall .
the last thing she said to george before she watched him go through the door of the guest room was , so you ve got a broken heart .
both megan and her mother sat in shock and surprise at learning such a thing about a boy they both thought was as close to perfect as they could imagine .
later that day , in the yellow warm spring day , laura sat on her willow by the water and remembered the look that had passed between her and sharon that morning , and it made her feel the detachment that also existed in desire , the connections that were never completed , the things that would always be unsaid and undone .
first it was all the negative things , all the guilt and anxieties , all the things that were said that should nt have been said , all the things that one should have apologized for doing , all the things that were truly beautiful and sweet that were mostly left unacknowledged and untold in the strange muffled kind of spite only married people know .
first it was all the negative things , all the guilt and anxieties , all the things that were said that should nt have been said , all the things that one should have apologized for doing , all the things that were truly beautiful and sweet that were mostly left unacknowledged and untold in the strange muffled kind of spite only married people know .
first it was all the negative things , all the guilt and anxieties , all the things that were said that should nt have been said , all the things that one should have apologized for doing , all the things that were truly beautiful and sweet that were mostly left unacknowledged and untold in the strange muffled kind of spite only married people know .
tom said as he got up , and then he was stunned with the last thing his father said to him .
with each bundle of his memories of each of them , he had included a single page , an essay , a eulogy from the dead to the living , the description of how eugene saw each of them , the beautiful things that were never said , that never rose above the roar of the same momentum of life that took away its little moments .
the last thing eugene left each of the children was the final two letters between arthur and laura lee .
was the last thing he said to her except for saying that he would love her always .
that was perhaps the hardest thing to absorb .
that was the one really true thing he said .
sweet dreams , as always , i love you so , arthur it was then laura felt the same thing all the van fleet children felt , that it was possible to have a great love in this world .
we hardly slept last night talking about what we should do with the rest of our lives , and we decided that the one thing we really have for sure is each other .
the best thing she had ever done in her life was say no to his love .
what s the best thing eugene ever said to you ?
the thing that scares me the most is not that she might not want help , its that she looks like she ca nt even imagine it .
that she could believe such a thing after what she had suffered , touched everyone else at the table .
if i asked you what you were most afraid of losing , what would be the first thing that came to your mind ?
the worst thing about middle - class suffering is that it seems like such a self indulgence .
the one thing she could nt understand was , why ?
he was helpless to know what to do , because the only thing she would tell him was that she could nt help herself anymore .
was the most important thing that amanda felt was necessary to say .
smittys question to her was to think about the one thing she would never want to change about herself .
you obviously know how to write , the only thing i can offer you is hosannas about that , but being a writer is different .
my mothers prayer , that its possible to be thankful for every experience is kind of the same thing , but that one is too hard for me .
you say that i am a romantic , but i feel that asking about my eyes is the most romantic thing anyone has ever said to me .
he notes down the names of the girls who are late on his clipboard and mutters things about how they are letting everyone down with their ` ` unpatriotic tardy ideas '' and ` ` do n't you know your duty to king and country ? ''
we laughed that we fell for the whole thing .
i know that they think about my brother everyday , like i do , but i guess it is a hard thing to vocalise without bursting into tears .
sure mom , goldie and i will clean it upbut i tell you one thing mom , he will be sorry he did this .
michele and patty were the closest thing to family that jay and his mom had , with the two mothers becoming extremely close due not only to the closeness of their son and daughter but with donna confiding her personal life to patty .
what do you think the whole thing means jay ?
tis a strange thing to say , but , in fact , i have often assumed him to be a figment of my imagination , though i could never be sure mon seigneur - q said thoughtfully .
well , if they did migrate here , i suppose they would have done so as nomads , wanderers , or some such thing .
there was no such thing as achievement for achievements sake : this was a myth people whispered to themselves while they masturbated .
i went through the same thing when i left bahlia for the first time .
this was possibly an unsympathetic thing to sayit could have been taken to imply that the existence of such unlikely cosmic fools as the pierrot was a necessity , that these sick comedians had no choice in the matter , as though there were no other place in the cosmos for them than as the menacing brutes they had become : naturally , this was an abhorrent and depressing thought .
i had to know one more thing .
all these things , even without taking the green skin into account , seemed convincing enough .
first thing cyrus ever said to me at a hall meeting was good , you do nt wear a hat .
i wanted the real thing with real garlic and down a block was sophias .
it may seem an odd thing to say , but i sometimes felt that megans cancer , even though it was painful , had brought something good .
some days were especially difficult , but jen always had the wisdom to say the right thing , and more importantly , she knew what not to say , because she , like me , understood loss .
my husband did nt seem to understand a single thing i was feeling , and quite frankly , i did nt understand him either .
i may not have known what my future held , or how in the world i was going to navigate through it , but i did know one thing : i needed to return to the place where i had once been happy , where i had been a hopeful , optimistic person before the ground gave way under my feet .
i have to have an operation in a couple of weeks , and if i do nt have it , all the doctors tell me the same thing .
he said the same thing to me when he first came to wellesley .
look , i always say the wrong thing , okay ?
shit , she 'd said the wrong thing again .
in the same way jeff knew a thing or two .
the last thing mel had said to jeff before she disappeared was , ` ` thanks for the tip , gramps ! ''
in fact , this whole thing is true .
i m certain that moses was a competent navigator , but if you ask the average person , they will probably mention the thing about the red sea .
either way , one thing that hanging around the library has taught me , is that if you want to find somebody who has put real independent effort the literary heavyweights , you should seek out some felons .
it is the same thing he says why do nt you just say that you have the right to search my bag ?
they make up things , and then , when they want people to believe the things they make up , they put something true in the thing that they say .
they make up things , and then , when they want people to believe the things they make up , they put something true in the thing that they say .
they make up things , and then , when they want people to believe the things they make up , they put something true in the thing that they say .
he is my friend i say one thing i can tell you , is that it is extremely uncommon in my experience for a supposed friend of one of my clients to be in possession of their medical records she says as she talks , i notice a uniformed security guard enter the lobby , and as he does , the receptionist very gently replaces the telephone on its cradle and returns to watching the conversation between maria olson and me .
it developed into the closest thing i have ever had to a decent wintertime schedule in five years .
she asks probably not ok the woman says , and she is quiet for a little while it is just a long story ... i could tell you the whole thing if you have time i say oh , you do nt have to do that sweetieyou know what my husband used to say ?
and she listens like i am telling her the most normal thing she has ever heard .
oh i say nothing you can do about it now , but the whole thing comes across as a little glib , so i do nt know how that will play to the court i honestly did nt think ...
who d want to live in a world where crowds of strangers hounded you , asked you to write your name thousands of times , took your picture , got you to say things over and over like a toy , a play thing , just there to provide amusement for them before they lost interest and moved on to someone else ?
he could have sworn that more than once , he saw the nurse roll her eyes at him as if he were making the whole thing up , assuming he just wanted to get out of class .
that night in bed , peter stared toward the ceiling and muttered to himself , one thing i am sure of is that she is not my type .
i ca nt believe you could say such a thing !
do nt you tell mum any such thing !
that s the dumbest thing i ve ever heard , peter .
i am beginning to feel the only thing i can pray is that gods will be done on earth as it is in heaven , and i pray that his kingdom come .
my parents never say a negative thing about blacks , never .
it was the most ludicrous thing peter had ever heard in his laborious twenty - two years .
one thing , i can now say is , knowledge is unsettling and a trouble only when you are halfway through it .
the second thing i learnt from shiv is something so amazing .
melissa , first thing i have to tell you is a big sorry and i also request you not to ask why .
the top scientists of today say a very interesting thing .
i m going to tell your parents a thing or two .
though the encounter with the easterners had been horribly frightening , though we had come close to being in big trouble with our parents who would never take our side against the strangest claims of a persecuting adult , we enjoyed the idea that we had shown those rotten eastern people a thing or two about the spunk of a bunch of arizona kids .
well , by cracky , i never would have believed it if i had made the whole thing up , said mother philosophically , winding herself up for another epic monologue when she was done talking to the detective about the robbery , to think in a million years .
then bertha ogden said the same thing on the phone this morning .
are you going to say such a ridiculous thing ?
i wonder is a dangerous thing to say , but nothing dangerous is forever , certainly not wondering , and there is an end to that when the last thing we wonder about is finally revealed .
jesus would probably say the same thing about listening to judas version of the whole thing .
jesus would probably say the same thing about listening to judas version of the whole thing .
but he said such a strange thing then .
she jutted her pale face forward like an extraordinary talking ox , and when she spoke her upper lip hung over the lower and worked itself around every lying thing she said , or rather intoned , for she never simply said anything .
bite your tongue to say such a thing !
do nt remember any such thing .
one morning becky asked , that thing you say to mr . gianniniwhat does it mean ?
i would like to think , there was neither any hint of rebuke or anger in her voice , that a full - blooded blackfoot indian should know a thing or two about communing with mother nature .
clearly you did nt hear a solitary thing i said .
even lester , recently graduated from middle school knew better than to say every fool thing that stumble - bumbled into his adolescent head .
the last thing god said was no lawyers .
i start to laugh i do nt think there s such a thing in the whole state .
noticed me amongst the children , thought that gal would grow up to be pretty or some such thing .
to the sweet things walt would say , during their brief courtship .
i ve got to get back there , it strikes me , and get her to tell me the whole thing again , start to finish .
well , if i m wishing , why not for a whole day and night then but you ca nt imagine how often i just want to tell you some silly little thing and then i remember that i ca nt .
and can you tell me the last thing you remember ?
i m engaged to max hallowell , and he says these amazingly sweet things to me .
that whole honesty is the best policy thing has always worked for me , but 1 ) i m not sure this is a the - truth - will - set - you - free kind of situation .
no , clare , it does nt follow , although to hear such a thing from a coastal person it could be beneficial for you .
i should ask you the same thing , sara said .
i could hear sams thoughts as his dad figured out the right thing to say in a situation like this .
i blushed with embarrassment , though i was memorizing every single thing she told me .
min wanted to laugh out loud at the idea thinking it was a merry prank to tell her such a thing but when she was told later by one of the students that it was indeed part of the protocol of a welcome , to invite the guests to dance , she went hot and cold .
the first thing lucky told them was that min had found out his original name and was steadfastly calling him michael so he was going to let his friends know .
there s more to communication than mere words and it can be misleading when you think you ve said one thing but it has been interpreted differently by the listener .
this is the last thing polly and jim will want to hear , thought min as she gathered up her books .
the worst thing she said about him was that he was often a grumpy bugger .
let your body sway and swing to the tune of paradise coming soon just listen to this lovely lady sing reaching me there was music in the meadow a girl with flowers in her hair but i passed by on the highway you know i did nt seem to care when she called my name much later in a paris night life trance she held out her hand to me but i did nt know how to dance with one so kind and graceful with one so kind and pure i left her , no i ran from her not wanting the simple cure she was reaching in the night from fright for just one soul that she could trust it seems to me - she s dancing wild on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us a childhood misgiving comes to me through this mellow air breaking my sweet intoxication driving me to despair for the love of a lifetime is nothing more than the love of now again i see her reaching out again i do nt know how the things that mean so little could grow so large and bold in the crazy minds of children locked out in the cold reaching in the night from fright for just one soul they can trust it seems to me they re lost on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us still there is a silence few dare to comprehend for it is deeper than the darkness of a soul that will not mend and yet its not too far off from any of us standing in the forest nobody thought that s the problem i guess shed be the one to walk out like she did she made a scene yeah it was so ugly it was beautiful but you had to know someone would have the guts to silence you in time and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all those things you taught her all the smart things you said since she was very young in your school , your lovely school but still she s not completely free for she hears what you d say here and so can not see the forest for the trees and back in the classroom though she s not there in spirit a hundred drowsy zombies pretend that they do nt hear it this buzzing in your words or the song in their hearts yes she just said bury the dead and it was poetry in motion a case of god in love perfect art and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all your fine observations all the witty things you said since she was very young now she s forgetting every one as she stares up at the stars a dim and dying voice stutters no , no , the human eye ca nt see that far but she sees farther than you thought or did you ever think ?
let your body sway and swing to the tune of paradise coming soon just listen to this lovely lady sing reaching me there was music in the meadow a girl with flowers in her hair but i passed by on the highway you know i did nt seem to care when she called my name much later in a paris night life trance she held out her hand to me but i did nt know how to dance with one so kind and graceful with one so kind and pure i left her , no i ran from her not wanting the simple cure she was reaching in the night from fright for just one soul that she could trust it seems to me - she s dancing wild on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us a childhood misgiving comes to me through this mellow air breaking my sweet intoxication driving me to despair for the love of a lifetime is nothing more than the love of now again i see her reaching out again i do nt know how the things that mean so little could grow so large and bold in the crazy minds of children locked out in the cold reaching in the night from fright for just one soul they can trust it seems to me they re lost on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us still there is a silence few dare to comprehend for it is deeper than the darkness of a soul that will not mend and yet its not too far off from any of us standing in the forest nobody thought that s the problem i guess shed be the one to walk out like she did she made a scene yeah it was so ugly it was beautiful but you had to know someone would have the guts to silence you in time and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all those things you taught her all the smart things you said since she was very young in your school , your lovely school but still she s not completely free for she hears what you d say here and so can not see the forest for the trees and back in the classroom though she s not there in spirit a hundred drowsy zombies pretend that they do nt hear it this buzzing in your words or the song in their hearts yes she just said bury the dead and it was poetry in motion a case of god in love perfect art and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all your fine observations all the witty things you said since she was very young now she s forgetting every one as she stares up at the stars a dim and dying voice stutters no , no , the human eye ca nt see that far but she sees farther than you thought or did you ever think ?
then i said that , well , showbiz is different from politics , and he said , that s the most ridiculous thing i ve heard since rizal was the daddy of hitler !
the first thing that came to mind was his grandfathers hog farm .
how could he have overlooked such a thing ?
cain knows what s up and hell tell you the same thing .
which he must have been good at , because now and then you d meet some art person at his place , saying nice things , or at least neutral things , about his stuff .
which he must have been good at , because now and then you d meet some art person at his place , saying nice things , or at least neutral things , about his stuff .
but even though his eyes are half - closed now and like i said not focusing all that well , i know he s seeing the same thing i am .
she could n't remember any such thing .
i can even understand how a reasonable person would believe the same thing ted believed .
neither one of us said the next thing or did the next thing , to take us to the place i hoped we both wanted to go .
i know this is probably the wrong time and the completely wrong thing to say , i hesitated , but , i want to make sure what we are feeling is real , in the absolute sense .
say one wrong thing to the kids and they would hate me forever .
say one wrong thing to emma and she would lose faith in me as a husband and a parent to her kids .
i think i would be concerned if one of my kids told me the same thing .
they all seem to be saying the same thing , just in a slightly different way .
that was not the right thing to say .
i thought that was the funniest thing in the world .
if he said one thing that could be interpreted as not hateful enough towards emma or me , bob would feel the full wrath of teds irrational anger .
he said the same thing to me , idiot .
that was a huge thing for you to say .
slamming a door is not a big deal , but it is one thing that could be construed to mean it is normal or acceptable to lose your shit when you are upset .
but there was one thing he told me over and over again when he called me drunk in the middle of the night .
i want to hold your hearts and thoughts to one more thing .
she stroked his shoulder and his chin , cooing sweet things into his ears , all the while cutting her eyes toward a large and mean - looking , bald man sitting at one of the tables .
i asked him the same thing and he said sure he was sure .
it was up to him to convince the jury of the same thing ; without letting him talk to them .
jesse could tell by the eyes and the body language of the jurors that they were taking in every single thing that the prosecution was feeding to them .
sure some wanted vengeance , but for the most part , that sentence is the same thing .
the guard just smiled crookedly , probably having to do the same thing several times a day .
charlie absently touched her eyebrows and wondered if he would have said the same thing about her , not that it really mattered .
call an ambulance , was the last thing she remembered telling the women as she heard gunshots inside of the vault .
but the little turtle said things like : when i was a bird and had a family and bird friends , i would fly around and sit in trees and then glide and float up from the branches to the clouds .
the man who held his breath and became a cloud everyday he said out loud to himself the same thing while he was getting ready to leave his apartment .
then , the person moved to a house in the country with a window nearly level with the land , but the mind would still say the same thing : jump jump - jump !
but she allowed no discussion ; she said one thing only and , for now , closed her door .
the church could not canonize unless you assume , astronaut , that just because i have implicitly acknowledged some things , every thing you have been told is true including the so - called powers of the self - aggrandizing entity of rome .
the church could not canonize unless you assume , astronaut , that just because i have implicitly acknowledged some things , every thing you have been told is true including the so - called powers of the self - aggrandizing entity of rome .
but ill tell you one thing , she cured me of smoking .
oh , there 's one more thing you should know about me .
every time i come back to it my eyes fixate and i read the whole stupid thing over again , and then i relive all the horror i felt before .
but she did n't tell him much , just saying some vague thing about a dying relative .
all that work last night , and the whole forgiveness thing just crashed down around my ears .
the familiarity of now being on the bus again threatened to do the same thing to me once more .
my heart was giddy with hope that he could do something for mom , so any idiotic thing he said would make me smile .
how could he say such a disgusting thing ? !
there was no doubt everyone else around the table was thinking the same thing .
one thing i can tell you .
this might be the last thing she would get from vo .
one thing he was completely sure of .
that is a hard thing to say of your poor sister , gwendolen , who is so good to you , and waits on you hand and foot .
yes , she said , quietly , without considering what kind of thing was meant whether the flowers , the scents , the ball in general , or walking with mr . grandcourt in particular .
madam , her fortune has been the only thing i have had to regret about her .
that s a devilishly unfair thing to say , grandcourt replied , in a lower tone ; and i advise you not to say that sort of thing again .
that s a devilishly unfair thing to say , grandcourt replied , in a lower tone ; and i advise you not to say that sort of thing again .
it is the first unkind thing you ever said .
when that tremendous telegram came , the first thing lady mallinger said was , how strange that it should be daniel who sends it !
i had obviously said the wrong thing .
from the rage in her eyes , i guessed i had said the wrong thing , and my mind instantly went to the opposite .
the sound could only mean one thing .
i think of only one thing .
that ll be the last thing that goes .
and the book makes one thing emphatically clearthe endless hours and days and weeks and months ( and pages , pages , pages , pages ! )
its the one thing we can know for sure .
the call could mean only one thing : steal guitars needed a new drummer .
he decided not to probe further , and although her answer was ringing some alarm bells ( the guy looked a good couple of years older than martine for a start , and was n't the first thing she said to him ` ` hi , how did it go ?
the next thing he remembered was being vertical and saying to august : ` ` two things : i forgot to bring back your dead kennedys t - shirt , and can i borrow a fuzz pedal ?
determined not to be a slave to inactivity he wrote the first thing that came into his head : the sunflowers and the stars/ the landscapes before cars whoah !
the only thing that he was certain of was that it was too early to do anything about it now .
the one thing that theo was absolutely one hundred percent sure about was that he did not have a thick skin - he cried readily , he blushed daily , he brooded constantly .
that meant one thing to whoever was listening : either the entire squad had been killed , or they had been captured .
you know ... . she paused to hold a bitter tongue ; she did nt want to say the wrong thing in a heated moment .
the only thing you have to do is to decide for yourself , right now she tapped him on the leg to check that he was listening .
you probably know this , but i have nt told your dad a thing .
yeah , he said the same thing to me .
that s the most ridiculous thing i ever heard , his mother said , also eerily quiet .
is the type of thing i hear a lot in the hall ways .
she thought this a peculiar thing to say .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , buster .
if there s one thing i ve learned at the cornmeal workshop and which i constantly emphasize to my students , its that ideas bore and appall me litbiz they bore and appall me too .
nicolas planned to say not one thing more .
but arjuna told not one thing about any joke .
the suggestion seemed as if it might remain until someone brave happened along to tell arjuna a thing or two about the ease of hitting a little white ball , which was not even moving .
he wished to clear the air also by saying a thing or two about arjuna 's inability to get things rolling .
nine months later god heard exhortations from the prayer horn , great - grandmother and great - grandson both saying the same thing .
she knew regina did no such thing .
she remembered what a friend said would be the worst thing for him about being dead .
listen , the one thing i know first hand from doriss death is that it all went too fast and that it is going to be over , cosmically speaking , for the whole species in about twenty minutes .
the second thing regina decided .. determined , yet still muddled .
` ` ill bet his friends are saying the same thing about me . ''
i would have thought the same thing and done a whole lot worse . ''
jail and counseling seem about the same thing to me , he explains .
you said it to me and that s the same thing .
i must say one thing first , because i have nt said this yet , that i am truly sorry i gave such a hard time to your colleague .
once upon a time , not long ago , he thought he knew , or could know , everything ; but from a time dating back to smiley boy , he can now admit that he knows only one thing : that he does nt know everything .
they had both been home for the weekend to see their families , on opposite sides of the city , and as they drove back to the midlands the one thing they both agreed on was that neither of them could ever live at home again .
the love she felt for dougie was still a difficult thing for her sisters to take , and she wanted to spare them the upset of witnessing her fond caresses , her hand on his , their fingers entwined , softly stroking .
and in reference to life , the whole damned thing gets repeated so often : two thousand and more generations of these people reruns , and i am supposed to say something new about it that billions of men never have .
well , as your nuptial vows did not go beyond death , and spirits can hardly afford lawyers , ill hardly sue you for divorce on grounds of adultery or seek alimony for that mattermoney is no good to me in this less less - real state ; but there is one thing i must say .
bobby , one thing you have to understand : no one owns baseball . ''
at seven , i knew she had nt taught me a gall - darn thing about winos ( say , had nt i approached two of them once earlier that year , and in a place nearby , downtown , where one of them had told jack to shut up in spanish ? )
all right , there s only one thing left .
the dinner dishes scrubbed , we rushed away ; we secretly tried to receive his broadcast , for it was the best thing we d ever heard .
how we leant in , leant forward , to hear exactly what he said and we laughed when he joked , so funny we could get the meaning , be in with the in crowd on the latest and funniest thing that he had said .
sure , i thought in resignation , tell me everything , every damn disgusting thing that no one knows about your lsd trip .
what was the big ranch thing she used to say ?
the girls at school had said the same thing .
what a telling thing , what an embarrassing thing , for the reader to know .
what a telling thing , what an embarrassing thing , for the reader to know .
or was there an absolute certainty that someone else would come along and be the vessel to write the big thing about this place ?
glancing out at infinity , or the closest thing these failing eyes can substitute for endlessness , wondering if there exists some point along the seemingly unchanging spectrum where things began to go terribly wrong .
the ` ` export or die '' speech of 30 january 1939 is also known as hitler 's ` ` prophecy speech '' , coming from hitler 's ` ` prophecy '' issued towards the end of the speech : ` ` one thing i should like to say on this day which may be memorable for others as well for us germans : in the course of my life i have very often been a prophet , and i have usually been ridiculed for it .
` ` look , they were always right about only one thing , '' and her finger pops up , not the screw - you finger , but her slightly wobbling pinky , ` ` one thing all space and time does change . ''
he stared at her oddly for a moment , as if trying to decide if he d said the right thing or not .
she knew in her moments of lucidity , which were becoming fewer and stretched more distantly from one another , that she was losing her mindthe last thing she had .
i he glanced down at her legsi want to tell you at this point that you re incredibly lucky to be alive , yaekobut i know that you feel no such thing right now .
for the thing that yaeko feared most of all , the thing that would wake her in the middle of the night , drenched with sweat and in tears , clutching herself with a sense of loneliness more terrible than anything she ever felt living with adele d. hoffman was was but she could not bring herself to name it , to give it form of any kind , to utter it , for that would solidify it and give it existence and reality and momentum .
i kept saying the same thing for a long time after i first came here .
and though their mouths were drier than the desert at the edge of the world , the last thing either wanted was refreshment .
what i m here to tell you about your daughter , maggie , the thing you need to accept , the incredible fact about her , among many other incredible , wonderful facts , is she had no weaponbecause she is a weapon .
and one more thing : you are forbidden to ever talk to yaeko again .
i would ask only ... one more thing of you before i ... sleep forever , before what is left of my soul is to be ... trapped in the cold void of the ... approaching ... cancer .
i was afraid because as a girl i occasionally saw that very same thing in my fathers eyes .
everywhere you go on aquanus , satelemark translates to the same thing : defiance swallowing her own tail .
she knew mr . conor was feeling the same thing , and that only sharpened the pain , made it even more poignant .
you of all people should hear it , i think , he said cryptically , echoing her mom , who had said the very same thing just a few days ago .
mother and daughter stared at each other , both feeling the exact same thing : their relationship had at some point undergone a quantum shift , and both were nt aware that it had happened , nor were they ready for it .
i ve struggled with the exact same thing , though for different reasons .
the breakfast they ate was an unusual mix of fish , slightly hot spices , and an odd and plentiful assortment of vegetables and fruits , a dish captain lampson called neptonian sea bassor the closest thing we can get to it here .
its one thing to think the critics have missed the point of your work , missed the reach of it , and will someday regret what nasty things they wrote .
the last thing the cop said was , i want both of you to show up at the opp office in bancroft tomorrow .
the one thing i could tell was that a lot of the stock - looking ones were camaros .
that was one thing i d learned this week .
the one thing i would nt let myself believe was that she might actually miss me .
what a cruel thing to tell a child .
one thing you could say for grandmashe was equally harsh with everyone .
i could nt come right out and say what i wanted to , but kasey must ve been worried about the same thing , because she figured it out .
i do nt ... expect a ... a damned thing .
i knew grandma had been coming by every afternoon and telling him the same thing , but i figured hearing it from a second source could nt hurt .
the thought of her seeing some of the words i d put on paper made me uneasy , but it was nt like shed read the whole thing .
the only thing i ask is that you let cody do the driving for the next couple of weeks .
you do nt know the first thing about me and race .
it was the first harsh thing anyone had dared to say to him since grandpas tirade .
or maybe i m interpreting this whole thing wrong .
and though the man may be lacking in personality and ambition , the one thing you can say for him is that he takes his responsibilities seriously .
the man may be lacking in guts and communication skills , i said , calmly mocking her , but the one thing you can say for him is that he s honest .
because they were always saying i love you , at home , it was a very natural thing for him to say .
ben , as if reading her mind , but more likely , understanding the tone of her sigh , said one thing at a time .
once you put your collar on backwards i never thought we 'd find another thing to agree on .
but i guess every country believes the same thing .
how could she have said such a stupid thing ?
unlike most of the others who told him the same thing friday night , though , lyssa meant every word .
i did nt tell them any such thing .
although vivian had been telling herself the same thing , it sounded wrong coming from lyssa .
but dane had convinced her of one thing .
he was a surfer who had all sorts of adventures once he went to uganda and met idi amin , he went to japan and did all sorts of things there , he went to heaven and he went to hell.then in year ten i wrote this thing in class called lash clone .
she was tired of listening to windi and afraid that she would say the wrong thing if she let the conversation continue .
` ` josh had a terrible temper - killed barney fer sure - we all knew it - then he got it hisself - under the tree - damnation , that old willow - the martin gals gave her the babies , just like that they did it - just gave up their babies - and josh wanted a boy - '' the old man was repeating himself and bryan had some difficulty in getting things down on paper .
bryan was n't sure he was all that happy with the arrangement , but it somehow seemed the right thing to say .
` ` look , kid , if there 's one thing i learned it 's you got ta do things yourself if you want it done right . ''
` ` just one thing i do n't understand , '' said michael colby .
of course , even if , with his highly technical profession , by some freak mischance , the sight of the nun did inspire some unpleasant or even nasty thought , at least , when the smart ass sitting across from himsuddenly gifted with telepathylooked up to see who was thinking such a thing , he would see a technically informed professional sitting across the aislemaybe even with a briefcase on his lap -- and at least have the decency to be shocked that such a seemingly respectable person would be entertaining such nasty thoughts .
it was the very first thing he said when he walked in .
well , bob , i said , if that s the kind of thing that s rolling around in your head , i guess its my jobas the guy who was already hereto let you know that you are absolutely right .
that s the craziest thing i ever heard , said bob .
the only thing abby ever said about her babies daddy was that he was magically disabled , but no one in their right mind believed savvy , courage , and zeal were sired by an empty .
the only half - way nice thing kassie had said about channie was a lie .
josh was an empty , with no magical abilities whatsoever , so why did she feel compelled to blurt out the first thing that flitted across her mind every single time she looked into his eyes ?
after a moments hesitation , he said , the only thing i m sure of is that i want to hold you like this forever ... but i m really tired .
but you 'd have a hard time convincing me of such a thing .
the thing mr . peterson was saying was that it was the custodial department that kept the streets and sidewalks and grounds at disneyland spic and span of litter , trash , garbage , you name it .
you might not know anything about california , so i 'll tell you this one thing .
i was n't aware there was such a thing .
how could he know such a thing ?
that 's not a very nice thing to say about your brother .
that 's an awful thing to blurt out to a total stranger , i know .
but any man within a mile of here would say the same thing if he spoke his mind .
the only thing i could hurt lenny about was that he used to keep a little notebook where he wrote things .
just promise me one thing .
` ` first thing next time i see him . ''
the only thing i can remember after that was that now i ' m the oldest and right then i felt grown .
it was the only thing she said while i was there , and it was strange .
then i turn back toward them and whisper real loud , ` ` one last thing .
and this is a strange thing from him .
i just wish i could ' ve told leroy one thing .
` ` that 's not a very easy thing to say about your brother , is it ? ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight right now .
and my voice is just this real loud whiny thing .
maybe you do n't even have balls in your pants , but i can tell you one thing for sure .
i only have one more thing left to say , then i ' m through , and i want to get it in before they get out the door .
asked the colonel , and both of them , without saying a thing , remembered christmas day and their inability to reciprocate the generosity of lily and roy .
chick thought about this especially about that last thing the kid cop said .
you could have a wonderful tan if you wanted tell me one thing , maisie blurts .
before i could say a thing gerald was talking at air again , but peering at me as if trying to decipher some assembly manual .
being in the hospital convinced brad of one thing : life would only be worth living if he got off his ass and started chasing his dream again .
you just have to promise me one thing .
this thing about adversity making you stronger is about as valid as an expired drivers license .
the other five caretakers at the table perked up , i heard the same thing at ann taylor , brenda hollingsworth stated .
how could you even ask such a thing ?
its the only thing i know .
ok . tell me one thing .
is nt that a funny thing to say ?
i would nt have changed a thing .
josh , that s not a very nice thing to say , lily reproached me .
one last thing , etta said .
sure thing , kid .
he told me the same thing a few minutes ago .
dan and casey looked at each other , then at kramer and both shook their head each thinking the same thing , that their friend was a bit weird if not crazy .
one thing he said was that it is fun to see you every few days and sometimes to work together .
was the last thing she said as she pushed him towards the bathroom .
i never heard such a thing , but i m stupid in the way of babies and mothers .
it was an awkward thing he had to say .
he came out with just one thing , but it was enough .
sacha was clearly intent on carrying out his threat if pip said one more wrong thing .
he was engaged , was the first thing she said as she set her tray on the long table .
at least i know that she can share a thing or two about life lessons , happiness , and going against the flow .
damndest thing you d ever see in your life .
she leaned in and whispered back into his ear the only thing she could think of to say .
` ` could you promise me one thing ? ''
` ` sure thing ? ''
i returned his look , an eyebrow slightly raised , daring him to say a thing .
great , i d just confessed the most bizarre thing about myself to a reporter .
look how he had reacted to me trying to explain the dream thing .
when i m not , when anyone else will have forgotten the whole thing .
its really not the same thing at all , daniel said , as i paused , regrouping the thoughts that were spinning out in several directions .
its not that i wanted him , or anyone , just to accept every crazy thing that came along as fact .
you could just tell them i m menopausal , i suggested lightly , and i m getting no sleep and coming up with some new crazy thing every other day .
one thing i felt certain of now , at least : my own memory was quite well intact .
i sound like a broken record , i just said the same thing to curtis .
she had always loved her grandma , always enjoyed spending time with her , but it had nt exactly been the popular thing to own up to when she was in high school .
but i m reserved with my emotions , except anger , she added truthfully , thinking that jason and tosh would both say the same thing if they were here .
if there was one thing i wish i could change , that would be it .
her eyes welled up , but before she could tell him that was the sweetest thing he had ever said to her , he continued speaking , obliterating all of her warm feelings .
i told them the same thing , so it 's nice not to be the only one who disliked and avoided him . ''
after a while he found that the only thing that kept coming up was that list of books .
if you can find even one new thing that i do nt got in my notes , ill try to help you .
he had no business telling you such a thing .
she probably just said the wrong thing to some guy trying to get into her pants .
there were probably plenty of possible explanations for why she had missed work , but the only thing i could think of was that she had fallen and hurt herself at the apartment .
oh , sorry , i was just rick started to answer , but then realized the man was merely parroting the last thing he heard rick say .
that is one thing that i do nt know .
the encounter made me sure of one thing : i m doing the right thing .
the only thing i ask is that i know where you are .
i need to add one more thing .
i wonder if you did nt seem to him the closest thing he s ever had to a friend in all his life ?
it was the last thing isi said to me .
but their ... spats never last very long , which is i expect why she s still with him ... which was the next thing you were going to ask me , right ?
then , come the morning you get her well away from here , was the last thing the ward sister said on the subject .
and mr aubrey , do one thing for me now .
i was fifteen and getting into trouble , and thought it was the first thing i d have to tell them for a while that might make them proud ...
this was the first thing grey had heard either isobel or aubreys solicitors say today ; hired by the latter , and as silent in interview as they must have been wise in private counsel .
that 's one thing i ' m gon na ask him . ''
so many people have told me the same thing , miss myrtle .
you know , i was thinking the same thing , myrtle .
this was obviously the wrong thing to say .
heres the second thing .
he said its a strange letter but is nt it just the kind of thing you get when there is publicity around a crime ?
de la pea thought to himself , yeah , among other things .
the only thing she was certain about was that she had confronted the situation head - on to the best of her ability .
` ` i 'll opt for the or some thing if you will agree to come back to my place for it , ` ` janet replied .
could nt do a thing right !
' this could happen to you ' sort of thing . ''
the one thing i can tell you , though , is that i had nothing to do with his death .
that 's about the only thing our esteemed local police force managed to get right .
fred and oriole had divided up the list and all of the golfers said the same thing .
last thing he said was that if someone wanted a package deal - all the critters - hed be willing to make a deal .
client says the same thing .
i just talked to another guy in jail and he is saying the same thing .
i do nt want to stumble over a single thing .
but of course that means no such thing .
well , it turns out aftermath is a 16 - year - old kid named brad , so do nt put too much stock in the name thing .
after that poor high school girl died a couple months ago , they kept repeating the same thing over and over on the news .
he s got the closest thing we ve figured for a motivethat he did it for the role , although i admit that s a hard sell .
watts eyes met beautymans and beautyman knew that watt was thinking the same thing .
he had never been very good at that , always saying the wrong thing at the wrong time ... and here it was again ... she had money worries at the school , and he was reminding her by discussing who pays ...
arnold 's place was the first thing that came to his mind .
the effect had been the same for both ... berry , that was amazing ... she shoveled it in , and forced it down ... and then left before you could object ... yeaw , you re right mike she has a way of putting things that does nt give you much room to disagree as berry swung his legs into the limo , the driver shut the door behind him ... berry was deep in thought ...
he sat staring at the telephone as if in a trance , his mind was far off almost floating on the edge of space and time ... not really thinking any one thing , while thoughts of all kinds flooded the secret places in his mind ... he was strangely at peace with the world and himself ... surrounded by beakers of strange colored liquid and twisted tubes that swirled with mysterious fluids he sat in a daze ... ... a small light pole lit only a deserted walkway leading up the alley ... in the darkened shadows one could imagine numerous sinister figures concealing themselves ... waiting for someone to pass by to silently steal their life away ... from out of these shadows stepped a figure striding with paced steps , rocking to a rhythm of its own ... as the figure passed through the boundary of the light , a familiar face shown out from under the hooded jacket ... it as bobby v. , his dread locks shining from the rays of light reflecting off their weaves ...
well to be honest , sort of the same thing do nt know if they told everyone yet but i ve been put on as a temporary consultant i m working with detective lutz on a case and it just might involve a patient here i came to check on his condition .
the phone on daves desk was ringing while dave and berry just keep standing there staring at each other it had only been a half hour since they had left the chiefs office and both were thinking the same thing maybe something went wrong it was too soon for him to have talked to the da maybe his meeting with the mayor went badly and he was canceling his offer to help they were both so wrapped up in things that could possibly go wrong with this case that neither of them were thinking very positively .
listen roger , this whole thing about me having a cloud hanging over my head is just a cover in fact i have even helped to perpetuate the myth it keeps people out of my business but its all mostly rumor think about it a minute have you ever really had any situations in dealing with me that turned bad for you ?
dave reached across the table in front of berry and handed her lawyer the deal they were offering sophia it was almost exactly the same thing they had offered vinnie .
ohh my gosh that s herrr ok one more thing lee do you recognize her do you remember seeing her before ?
it was the first thing that occurred to me sir , and i had also agreed with d.c.i .
yeah , that s the kind of thing i m talking about .
the first thing i want to get across is that crime never sleeps , and we must respond .
the second thing i learned from my father was , regardless of your income , always spend less than you take in if you want to become wealthy .
there 's one thing in particular ... some things you said ... i , uh , oh forget it . ''
i said , ` ` okay , i 'll tell you my story if you 'll promise me one thing . ''
my brain was spinning , but i had sense enough to think of one thing .
i knew there was no such thing as hot or cold , but if there had been i was an iceberg .
you have n't done anything to hurt dionysus , that 's the main thing .
i had been subconsciously wondering that very thing .
well , here 's the thing , miss victoria , marcella told me some things about her past , but she told them to me in strict confidence .
he said the first thing that popped into his mind , believe me , i know what you mean .
but , the interesting thing is that one of the first things each of the people i spoke to about both collonias was that they draw the line at drugs .
i wondered the same thing myself , so i looked at the techtron time line .
the whole techtron thing came later ; i do n't think she was involved .
it 's about the only thing i am sure about .
i wo n't publish any thing unless i can corroborate it from someone else .
tonio had recently died and aurelio was the closest thing i had to family .
if you wrote something negative about her in the paper , the next thing we would hear is how she jilted you and you are getting even .
one more thing before you two take off , because i m kicking you both out of here .
a sharp intake of breath from raina told me that she was experiencing the same thing .
nice job ash , blurting things out again .
we will not tell you a thing , the male vampire snarled .
hey now , that s not a nice thing to say .
mmm , i said in response , since that was the only thing i could say as i drew one last mouthful of the warm sweet blood and swallowed , reluctantly pulling back and closing the wound .
elijah said the same thing .
ah let me make one more thing clear , said evelyn .
no one said a thing or made a move for a long time .
i might ask you the same thing .
getting the same thing from byron , i pulled out of his mind and sighed .
had nt richard said the same thing ?
had nt i said the same thing to the muggers just weeks before ?
it was a scary thing to say .
after what seemed like a neverending litany of questions , in which dirt asked the same thing in fifty different ways , i was exhausted .
that s the stupidest thing i ever heard , presley .
do nt you say a thing , i whispered to katy .
i pretended not to hear that last comment and focused on the first thing he said .
katy grabbed my arm , and i could tell she was thinking the same thing .
i could tell cooper was thinking the same thing .
` ` before you go , laura , asked merlin , can you tell me one thing ?
` ` before you answer , i had a long talk with your brothers yesterday evening and the one thing they stressed was that here on refuge relationships are open , and if you want to know something , just ask .
i ve been thinking exactly the same thing myself ; only the answers do nt add up .
i could nt tell you one thing about her life before i knew her , or much that happened to her outside of school once i did .
that s the most dickensian thing i ve heard in years , inspector .
grey knew at that moment that he had said the wrong thing ; but the man was nt really asking his opinion , people criticise this area , but you should ve seen what the hills replaced .
but before cori left , grey paused her to ask one more thing , what rachel said .
thank you , but i just needed to know one little thing .
please do nt think the rest of this letter is the answer to your case ; though i know i should explain one more thing : you ca nt have missed that i alluded back there to having known stella before she came to the cedars , back when her name was mars .
i looked at him a bit hesitantly before saying , and one more thing .
i was only certain about one thing .
` ` you ca n't prove a thing . ''
` ` i suppose the next goddamn thing you 'll tell me is my priest 's is a woman . ''
what we were looking for was evidence of the one thing that had changed , the lipstick message .
it did nt matter though , the gist of the conversation was always the same : shut up , do nt tell the cops a thing .
that was nt what really bothered her , but in her pain she held on to the only thing she had left to believe in .
the last thing that stayed in my mind was being told to count to ten .
sorry , not the right thing to say .
it was as if he had one last thing he needed to do , one thing he needed to say before he could finish his journey .
and i do n't mean the little thing at the funeral .
the only thing i found out was that who ever did it either was lucky or he knew the exact spot to kill as quickly as possible .
but surely they noticed the same thing i did , about the place being all in order .
george had asked me the same thing before we had parted company on sunday night .
georges research also verified another thing elaine said about arthur .
she said the same thing , the same words she said the last time we saw her .
but just one more thing missing .
i knew i had said the wrong thing .
he seemed as though he had said the wrong thing previously .
i never agree a single thing about morganthes .
my frown must have suggested i could not understand a single thing jim said so he stopped .
i swallowed my breakfast without saying a thing .
lucard has nt said a thing to me too .
it was the most embarrassing thing ever .
i see you think of the same thing every night- going to the amusement park with me .
still , that was not the only thing that i thought of .
at least i got one thing right .
i thought i had heard the wrong thing .
just when i was about to break his fragile heart again , i said the one thing he wanted to hear most .
sure thing , said christian .
yeah , i was wondering the same thing , said christian .
the first thing sophie said was that she wanted to make a deal .
` ` my uncle used to tell me the same thing when i was younger .
one thing you have to understand about sam , she has nt had it easy .
one thing only appears to be certain , and that is that ms . jamie desmond , who is the next heir , is an elderly gentlewoman of a very amiable disposition , so that this persecution does not arise from her .
' i can swear to one thing , and that is that we have not been shadowed during the last two days .
' it 's the weirdest , strangest thing that ever i heard in my life . '
one thing i swear to you , and that is that when i wrote the letter i never dreamed of any harm to the old gentlewoman , who had been my kindest friend . '
the police ca nt prove a thing , bill assured maria .
he did nt care about her thing with the doctor , he just wanted to fuck her , you know ?
it was a stupid thing for her to say .
you guys feel one thing at a time .
it was a dumb thing to say at that time .
he probably made the whole thing up about saving my life .
who else but uncle jack would have said such a thing to an eight - year - old child ?
i remembered thinking the same thing when i was that age .
the random question surprised me , although many times i 'd thought of asking the same thing myself , but did n't want to broach a painful subject .
says it 's the only thing he knows .
why he would intentionally keep such a horrific thing from mom and basically ignore my trauma , not get me the help i needed , but tamp down any lingering memory with a firm hand , was beyond me .
but a father should n't have to hear such a thing , especially since there was nothing he could do .
the one thing jack did n't tell her was that he was dying .
i did n't know what to say so i just said the first thing that came to mind .
they had been told the same thing .
his eyes told him one thing , but his mind was saying it could nt be true .
ah , but , ben , that s close to the same thing as eighty - eight percent employment .
james seemed to remember the whole thing now .
in what world would you think that was an appropriate thing to say to a friend and a colleague ?
if i can make this one thing right , and all of us try to make one thing right , we can get out of this .
if i can make this one thing right , and all of us try to make one thing right , we can get out of this .
there s no such thing as doing too well for your client .
he told me the same thing , many times , adela recalled .
why do nt you tell her a thing or two , phillip ?
ill just say one more thing than ill drop the subject .
all of the topics were discussed as if she had not told him the exact same thing the week before .
this intensified the intended impression that he was the star and all the attention and glory hinted at one thing .
i was thinking the same thing kelly .
it was the most ridiculous thing i ever heard ; but one word kept going through my mind as if it were the true answer , and he was nt talking about my mother .
the only thing that came to mind were curse words .
he reached in his pocket the piece of paper stained in blood where it could be read a single thing : today ? , and placed it over the counter .
answer me one thing , detective : how do you know what is inside my mind ?
certainly they wanted to know the same thing .
same thing i had seen every day , alive or dead .
the second thing is : realize that nothing is in your control , but nothing is out of control .
` ` and another thing , '' i said , ` ` you always said if i were gone you would be free to do all those things i kept you from doing . ''
it sounds like you have an exciting new life ahead of you , ella responded , striking her as an odd thing to say to a nonagenarian .
we do nt know any such thing .
if i was your mother , i d slap you to timbuktu , interjected bootsie , probably saying the most cruel thing she could think of .
well i know one thing , bootsie said , whoever gets that frackle listing next better hire a good body guard .
ill tell you another thing , ella said , it was nt roberta who came after me .
is that the best thing you can think of to say ?
yes , indeed ; mr . descartes was fond of saying that the only thing you truly can be sure of is that you exist .
what was he doing the last thing before you turned to go to the kitchen .
mcgavin shook his head and said , the most likely kind of thing to make a person go crazy .
he laughed , i never in my life thought i 'd hear an adjuster say a thing like that .
the last thing she said to them was , no matter what happens or what anybody says or what your heart wants you to do , do not say a word .
the lady needed medical attention but the poor thing would nt be satisfied until she thought sam had taken the box to a safe place .
and if there s one thing shed learned growing up in west texas , its that a lady is always polite .
when asked what her job skills were she could nt think of a single thing so she blurted out that she could bake brownies and grill hamburgers and she made a heck of an ice cream sundae .
we all knew the same thing .
just what i needed , insults from a ghost first thing in the morning .
watch the caddies on tv , and notice the last thing they say before the pro hits the next shot .
he can tell you things about sauces , herbs and spices from memory that i would need a cookbook to remember .
mario said the same thing .
three hours later one thing became clear .
just let me know if there anything i can do for you there is one thing , mr . brugerra .
we asked about that because we had heard the same thing , mary answered .
a couple of the other players said the same thing .
i must correct you on one thing you said , bruno .
i have one thing i would like to add , i said as marco finished .
i d thought the same thing a few weeks before .
he say lisa made the whole thing up .
i thought it was an odd thing for him to say , too , but i guess that explains what walker meant .
i assume you can say the same thing .
i got the entire thing on my phone .
i know it seems outlandish to think such a thing , but right after the incident , theodore received a promotion to vice president of the bank , a position that i believe victor had been considered for .
well , not exactly the first thing .
for that matter the only thing the coroner tells me is that the victim died from being shot in the head from behindand i d already noticed that on my own .
i take it that the police think it means one thing and you another .
it was a terrible thing to say , even for micah . ''
i knew we were both thinking the same thing : catherine lowell had seen cyrus jackson 's appearance on the local news .
the whole almost drowning thing has really sapped my energy .
how could ming possibly have been mistaken about such a thing ?
i ve always had doubts about the whole vomiting thing , but it turns out its true .
the first thing you d better get through your thick skulls is that the people who work hard , keep their mouth shut , and do what they re told make it in and move their way up .
ill tell you one thing , alan said .
was the first thing out of the mans mouth .
its the same thing , she insisted firmly as she pulled her hand out of his , then folded her arms in front of her .
sure thing , sheriff .
actually , chet , i have nt heard a thing from my department .
what shed said was true , not one thing was inaccurate about it .
that was the last thing he d ever expected from her !
he would ve thought the same thing .
he d been thinking the same thing for hours now , but could nt quite get himself to admit it .
apparently , that whole number thirteen is the devils number thing was a crock .
looking down at my sneakers , the one thing i knew for sure was i did nt want chuck to take the brunt of my decision .
was the only thing that made it out of my mouth .
if i ever landed a boyfriend , the last thing i d want to admit is he dumped me for no just cause .
heres the thing about vinnie .
he was nervous , and nervousness of this kind usually meant one thing : you were about to bust out with something that was choking you , or you were going to blow the joint altogether .
when i jogged outside to load into jons death cab , the first thing out of his mouthother than a gruntwas walker , what s going on with you ?
he asked first thing , as we pulled out onto the road .
whatever the situation , i m sure when they all got up on that one fateful morning , the last thing they thought was , gee , i d really like to go to jail today .
you re told one thing , and its not even close to what transpires .
the only thing that could mean in gangland was fonsie - boy was a snitch .
i went for broke saying the one thing i knew would goad him into action .
once he had , however , the last thing i wanted to hear was that he d had a wonderful time and ditched me in the process .
the only thing i could nt guarantee was the get - out - of - jail - free - card for oscar .
no one was looking especially heroic in the group , and i knew he was thinking the same thing as me ... were going to have to rely on our brains because brawn is nt going to cut it .
the only thing i could come up with was he was avo .
staggering upright , next thing i heard was , do nt try this at home , kids , and then she unloaded the sickest amount of force on me .
he hated to acknowledge the one thing that immediately came to his own mind .
one thing i m pretty sure of what s that , nick ?
i kinda was thinking the same thing , sergeant .
there s one thing i will promise you , brock .
now , that s the smartest thing you ve said all day !
i do nt need to explain to you how people are only too willing to read and believe that kind of thing .
i did nt know any such thing .
i hope it 's ok . tobin was thinking just the same thing .
the only thing he could think of was that they were on holiday there together .
i know what aids is , sarah says silently to herself , but wishing she could say the same thing to messick out loud .
and if i feel that he has confused you with his questioning ofour witnesses , i might cross - examine to clarify a thing or two .
bill knows immediately this was the wrong thing to say .
i m a ph.d . mrs . adams , i have to say the same thing to you i said to the judge : you did nt hesitate to draw a medical conclusion when you said , and i quote messick looks at the note he took a few minutes ago , he died from the hiv .
crawley has wondered the same thing .
you 're that way with me , too a pillar of strength , with always just the right thing to say .
but i did n't say the right thing to greg not at the most important time .
that kind of thing means even more when it comes from the voice of conservatism .
so if the hiv elisa test has a positive reaction with a persons blood , the only thing we can say is that they are hiv - antibody - positive .
unfortunately , most people have been saying the wrong thing for many years now .
and to your knowledge , dr . richardson , do these printed inserts with these disclaimers still say exactly the same thing today that they said when the test was first developed in 1985 ?
when she arrived at the house to bring me the results , the first thing she said was , paula , i want you to understand something .
i was wondering the same thing , and when you were going to object .
dr . fowler , let me turn the question around and ask you the same thing .
more false positives , yes , but also more true positives , if there actually is such a thing .
the only thing i can add from my perspective is that a virus like hiv is not , by definition , capable of choosing its victims by gender .
the only thing you hear is that its a manageable disease .
so testing positive on a western blot means the exact same thing that the person is hiv - antibody - positive , and having the antibodies to a virus like hiv should mean immunity from any disease it could cause .
i brought forward expert witnesses that said the same thing .
at that time , if you watched the news or read the papers , you would be bombarded with one horrible thing after another about aids .
the thing that upset me the most was that dr . padian started touting her study as proof of how effective condoms were , along with hiv education and what she called behavioral intervention , when her study does nt say any such thing .
for the last six months , i have interviewed a lot of people who have been told they are hiv - positive ; and the one thing i hear over and over again from them is their hope to one day test hiv - negative and be rid of this curse .
well , i know one thing for sure , we ca nt trust the pharmaceutical companies .
` ` ... pink swimsuit , torn right off ... bet she was raped ... '' it was just the kind of moronic thing he would say .
i was n't sure i had said the right thing , then i noticed that my eyes were wet and when i looked up i could see that mr . fenton was crying too .
i could n't say a thing , but there was no need .
there is such a thing as too much togetherness . ''
` ` how on earth could i forget such a thing ? ''
i looked at the painting , now destroyed by a multitude of dollar signs and said the first thing that came to mind .
` ` i wo n't tell you any such thing ! ''
from the look on maya 's face , she was wishing for the same thing .
she followed that up with a very disturbing , growly - purr kind of thing .
that was a very strange thing to say , do nt you think , jillian ?
do nt say a thing , ill do the talking .
she had come to him for advice and one thing led to another is it always does .
the only thing we are able to tell from investigations is that the bard is very good at what he does and seems determined not to get caught .
she was thinking this very thing when the phone rang and the two times met .
whenever there was a challenge to say , not necessarily the wittiest , but at least most memorable thing , julian was up to it .
he could nt have picked a worse thing to start with .
he had been speaking for a while but this was the first thing she noticed him say .
john said after a pause so i have to write this fucking thing for you as well julian thought .
his mind started to tick over as he began to wonder the same thing .
taylor was thinking just the same thing .
now tell me one thing between friends .
there were critics and novelists with a dozen pulitzers between them and not an interesting thing to say .
this is the best thing you have ever written .
` ` louis said the same thing . ''
` ` come on , '' she challenged , ` ` you ca n't say a thing like that and not back it up . ''
she entered by the front door and the first thing out of her mouth was : ` ` was mary hartz just here , and what did she want ? ''
brulick strained away from the leering visage and blurted the first thing that came to his mind .
her second thought was that this was a stupid thing to say .
the very first thing anyone would say upon meeting him was wow , you have the bluest eyes i have ever seen .
let me just say one thing brad and ill leave it at that .
but let me tell you one thing young lady , and i hope your parents will back me up here , i want you to stay away from him , we still do nt know for sure .
same thing really .
' there s no such thing ! '
this was the nearest thing to a complete original sentence that he could recall faisal speaking since the family had arrived in his house in the first place .
' that 's one thing i ca n't understand ! '
` ` i do n't know , but i can tell you one thing for sure .
i needed to shift the focus and i blurted the first thing that came to mind .
` ` the next thing you 'll be telling me is blackie can read your tarot cards . ''
good thing it was such a short distance to the historical district where the bar was located because i could n't think of a thing -- intelligent or otherwise -- to say .
i tend to stick with one thing . ''
i did n't say anything to delores or miguel either , because they were with me , heard what i heard , and i ' m fairly certain they think the same thing i do . ''
somehow the whole thing sounded more and more like something he d rehearsed for a remedial speech class .
but then i thought the same thing about o.j .
still , it seemed like the only thing worth telling the police .
such a blatant omission said only one thing -- that if there is an afterlife , it has nothing at all to do with the living , and we are well wise to remain clear of its influence .
i do n't know what got into my head to say such a thing , to even suggest such folly .
hungarian or russian or some such little thing .
and how do you prove the next of kin thing ?
she could nt remember a thing she had been reading , but she was intensely aware that she had parted with isaac more than a little annoyed with him , and then skipped his class .
i turned back to the man and told him the same thing .
because every time i think of one thing , another pops into my head .
she has an insignificant other , not the same thing .
but i do n't know if i would say someone , so much as some thing .
there s one thing i d like to ask you now , off the record , if you do nt mind .
i think that s the best thing i ve heard all day .
betcha one thing , that dude knows how we do business in new orleans now .
that thing about mrs . front texting you was shaky , circumstantial , even if it was suspicious .
it was a very silly thing to say .
i just damn it , this is a difficult thing for me to say to a strong independent woman like you , flora , but i do nt want to stand back and see you letting these people take over your life again .
it was an awful thing to say , but it was something that had been on everyones mind lately .
i was nt sure if it was a good idea to come out with the whole thing as flora had done , but at least it had attracted the interest of the two men .
she had probably deduced the same thing as i had from looking at the envelope .
i just have one thing to say to you both .
the idea of going mad and hearing voices was very nearly as frightening as the other thing that had crossed my mind : someone i knew to be long dead had spoken to me and called me by the name so few people knew .
he s just a baby gabe squeezed her hand for comfort ; he had thought the same thing too .
then the next thing i said was , mary taylor , tell the hired man to rig up the team well go to the rescue .
it is the readers privilege to determine for himself how the thing came out .
school kids : some said one thing and some said another .
you know how it isyou start adding in one thing after another .
if i find nothin , then no one else knows a god damn thing , either , and were money .
okay , okay , i know that one thing would nt have proven anything , but i remember thinking about his shoes ; it was like he was wearing a costume and forgot a piece .
its going to be okay , louie , i whispered back as i tried to convince myself of the same thing .
your friend phil here told me the whole thing .
the only thing i can tell you is that she wants nothing more than to come and get you .
i could nt understand a thing he was saying .
shit , this can only mean one thing .
i have to know one thing .
she could nt believe how drastic her life had changed these last months and knew the feeling of dread , which coursed through every fibre of her body , was going to be the hardest thing to overcome .
i do nt know any such thing , he grumbled under his breath .
but if shed learned one thing about this man , it was that he did nt listen very well .
sure thing , the receptionist replied .
in truth i had said no such thing , i simply had n't disillusioned her when she said she would be expecting me , but i did n't argue the point .
the only thing we 're sure of is that he did kill several women , but we never figured out how many , where they were , or how long ago .
a lack of synderesis that indicates one thing .
was that the really fucking stupid thing you alluded to ?
frank almost laughed , but he stepped closer to darren and said , just tell me one thing ?
the one thing we agreed on was that we would not rest until we figured out how megan was killed , why megan was killed and who killed her .
i knew sebastian was right and i had been thinking the same thing since hearing my big brother confirm that john deceived us .
this is the only thing that made sense to pauly .
sebastian and i shared glances and i knew we were thinking the same thing - that the so - called detective was probably not a real detective but possibly one of the people in on the murder .
i could say one thing though using this turd brown van did make me feel safe .
the lord himself surely did not approve of gossips , and mary jeans own mother had held that there was a special place in hell for gossips where they burned as though sixteen fires had been lit under their behinds and people they could not quite hear whispered things about them that they ached to hear but never would .
then she added in a low , conspiratorial whisper indicating the terrible meaning of thing she uttered , communists .
it was the one thing that had popped into his head .
it had been the meanest , most cruel thing he thought that he had ever said to another human being .
besides , his mother went on , you already asked miz adelia the same thing .
if it was nt bubba himself who was the suspect , he d be saying the same thing that half the population of pegramville was saying , too .
and i have only one thing to say to you .
ill say the same thing i d say to george bufford ifin he was here instead of boinking miss rosa granado in the bahamas : ai nt that a fucking shame ?
your mama was here on monday asking about her , and ill tell you the same thing .
but bubba was attempting to lead up to the one thing he wanted to know .
sure thing , sugar .
she had done the same thing once when explaining why the folks on gilligans island could nt exist there and continue to have unspoiled clothing , coconuts that worked like radios , and people who wandered in like it was grand central station .
the first thing that sheriff john had said when he d gotten bubba in the jail cell was , what about melvin wetmore , mark evans , and mary bradley , bubba ?
worst thing you can do to a woman .
had i known the place was gay before going , i think i might have asked eamon to take me somewhere else but i had preconceived ideas of what it would be like and i really had the wrong impression even though i thought i knew a thing or two about how gay men and women behave .
it was soon after that i did meet them and the last thing they could be called were friends .
i had hoped that for one thing it might anger you , so that i could see that there s still a spark left in you .
for some reason i saw her as mine and as my burden , my penance for not being a good mother , sister , daughter and any other bloody thing i can blame myself for .
the only thing he was sure of was that bisson could be trusted .
i wanted , no , i needed to say the right thing for the both of us .
another thing for her to feel bad about .
they wo nt say a thing .
the apartment manager remembered gavin coming by and told him the same thing he told us .
that was the last thing i said .
i could nt think of a thing to say .
there 's always tomorrow , was the last thing that filtered through harrys mind before he finally fell asleep .
was all that he managed to say as he wondered whether she had said what he thought she had said , or whether he had phased out of this conversation so much that he had imagined the whole thing .
the noise and movement perplexed christian , and the only thing he could think of was that his father had brought the tractor out to try and find him .
the last thing he remembered was calling out for jojo , but no answer came except the hollow echo of his own voice from the corridor walls .
just say the right thing and we 'll nail the bastard . '
the only thing i managed to find out was where he lived : a place called taragnon .
that only one thing is true about the prosecution 's claim - he was there .
his uncle had been an army officer during the vichy government regime , but it was n't the sort of thing the family would make public , nor did vichy period army memorabilia have strong re - sale value .
the only thing i can think of , and its just at this moment that it occurs to me , is that its something subconscious .
its the first thing she says to me .
i say the first thing that pops into my head : you ve been spending your nights with me .
that s the nicest thing i think anybodys ever said to me .
i felt the same thing at the club when i saw brian .
how he looked at meand another thing about that occurs to me .
they say you always remember your first time , andthis is exactly the kind of thing beth meant when she said i m a hopeless romanticits supposed to be special and wonderful and perfect and all of that .
it was nt any one thing .
i m so sorry , is the first thing he says when i m done .
is the second thing .
i hope brian realizes that if i were prone to such a thing , he d have heard it by now .
the only thing i m sure about at this moment is that there s no point in sticking around the lab for the rest of the night .
that s the nicest thing i love you .
my only break from that was to turn in my science in western thought paperbeth just about rewrote the whole thing for me , and i have to admit its a heck of a lot better now .
i think it was literally the very first thing she said when we all introduced ourselves that first day at orientation .
i can see in his eyes that he s thinking exactly the same thing .
all i ve got left to do now is an hour or two of work , a quick proofread , and then print the whole thing out .
the thing about her is nt just that she s there for me , but she s there with exactly the right thing to say .
i know what my subconscious was trying to tell me , the same thing kat told me .
the best thing dad got was a new golf bag , which bob and i picked out and we split the cost on ( with a little help from mom ) .
and i m no closer to knowing one single concrete thing about the killer or where he lives or anything else than i was yesterday .
i ca nt remember a thing i said .
she does nt wait for me to ask about brian ; that s the first thing she tells me .
but its better if you tell them the same thing .
epilogue : the sure thing ( may 31 - june 1 , 1990 ) i m sitting on my bed , looking at my cast .
his officers had heard the same thing during their door to door .
which leads to one thing .
and i also understand that some individuals will take offence at the slightest given thing .
make it the second last thing .
there was no such thing as an amber alert , but we got the word out to all the agencies , including yours .
the only thing the inspector said was that there was nt much forensic evidence and they ve finished searching the site .
chance sipped on his beer and wondered the same thing .
what do you mean , thing ?
he probably said the same thing to half a dozen other people there .
even boone knew katia was now thinking the same thing .
i know it was an idiotic thing to say , but i was hoping she was overreacting .
that was the first thing kenny said to me when i made it through the door .
i just want you to know one thing , kiddo .
was the last thing i heard bur say as i walked out the door with a big harrumph .
the nurse handed her the phone , and the first thing she asked me was , how old are you ?
the first time we met you said the same thing .
that s the first thing i need to know , julia .
i ca n't look at their computer file , i do n't know the first thing about the damn things .
third thing .
` ` well i 'll tell you one thing for nothing , '' remarked manjy .
was the only thing he said before the cops arrived and took over .
my son and i both stopped communicating that moment as we wondered if we had just heard the same thing , and as we spoke about it using our own tongue , we realized we had heard it together .
the court decided he must leave the town and never return , and , although , the punishment was the harshest thing he had ever heard , the hardest part was leaving his wife and son alone .
she began to walk out of the house when her father spoke one thing more .
saying such things about that sweet girl !
the guys began to laugh which made kaitlyn miss the next thing he said but when they stopped laughing she heard the last thing he said before noticing she was standing there .
the guys began to laugh which made kaitlyn miss the next thing he said but when they stopped laughing she heard the last thing he said before noticing she was standing there .
you know the one where you say one thing to someone and they repeat it down the line but at the end its something completely different ?
tom bowed his head as she continued talking , and he knew there was only one more thing to say .
she even enjoyed receiving the looks from the cheerleaders , all thinking the same thing .
` ` i ' m going to tell him the same thing , last chance .
i ' ve got to say i ' m thinking the same thing , but did you notice the alarm on the house ? ''
` ` one thing i do n't understand , '' josef said .
anything to shut down that all knowing smile she was giving me , but the only thing i could come up with was that sense of frustration butting its head against my insides .
i rattled on about his work ethics for who knows how long , then suddenly found myself saying things like , and he found me an apartment in a safe area , with a doorman to check on me .
my dad asked my mom the same thing every time she convinced him to go shopping with her .
sensing shed said the wrong thing , georgia quickly moved forward and said , but maddy talked about you all the time .
the thing you have to remember about the keys is that , while there are a lot of people here , most of them are tourists who are just passing through .
bev smiled , i can guarantee one thing : you 're going to love the drive .
the only thing we ask is that you sign a confidentiality agreement .
reluctantly , she repeated the last thing she had heard him say about his employees , were just placeholders until a super race of robots can be created .
saying the same thing over and over and over and over and she held up her hand .
the whole you re in danger , grace thing has kind of upset me .
i would never joke about such a thing .
everyone looked at each other and a few began to smile in relief , but no one said a thing .
grace looked at valerie wondering if they were thinking the same thing .
it sounds like a veritable death trap , he said , making it sound like the greatest thing he had ever heard .
now if there s one thing i do nt like to have to do is repeat myself .
something about all of us saying the same thing about how our missions went wrong , how we were captured , how we were treated and lots of stupid stuff .
there s no such thing as a free lunch , i m told .
on every sunday , harry was told that he should sit at the table and as usual , the next thing he could expect was that the dinner would appear from the kitchen at the same time as his dad would walk in the back door .
thank you for coming mr smyth , i just wanted to follow up on one thing from the conversation i had with your mother .
but you ca n't prove a thing . ''
` ` i was confused about one other thing . ''
` ` i think you 're making the whole pee song thing up just to con me into making an ass out of myself . ''
he says when he turned two , the thing he said most was ' no way . '
maybe it was the color of his hair , or he said the wrong thing at the wrong time .
` ` why , that 's the nicest thing you ' ve said all day . ''
i think it 's just about the only thing he 's said all day . ''
how can you say such a thing ! ''
maybe she s worried about you , was the only thing i could say .
the first thing i m going to ask you is how do you know it was me he wanted to harm ?
as she finished telling him exactly the same thing shed told the torrance cops she blurted out , so , who took my car ?
at nine oclock he called a conference for the city fathers rather than saying the same thing ten different times over the telephone .
he stared at drebins criminal profile for what seemed like the hundredth time , but it said the same thing .
and you know the most ironic thing , carlos , he paused for a long moment , rolling the name off his tongue with a mexican flair , leaning into the screen .
if she knew one thing , it was that she did nt want to be anywhere near mariposa when that happened .
if i could come up with one word that has some real punch , it would be easier , but i ve got nothin , so i blurt out the first thing that comes to mind .
she looked astonished i would ask such a thing .
it was an awkward thing to say , and halfway through , i realized i was just babbling .
it was a pathetically weak thing to say , but i did n't know what to add .
what kind of thing is that to say ?
i tell him the same thing i told michael , its my business if i want to take off by myself .
not the right thing to say at all .
the only real thing i ve ever had was my parents hate for me .
i feel mortally wounded , but he s the scariest thing i ve seen since my grandpa .
that s not the right thing to say to a vampire i guess , because my best friend grabs my arm and spins me around .
just tell me one thing , do you have any leads ?
this is so damn exciting , i want to tell him that , but who says that sort of thing in the middle of a seduction scene ?
damons eyes light up and still no one says the right thing .
not the right thing to tell a possessive vampire who s totally into me .
its such a nice thing to say .
i know one thing , my body in motion .
my mothers self - satisfied voice means only one thing .
the last thing he tells me before i pass out is that they gutted the house .
chapter six - incapacitated and alone in enemy territory alone , unable to see , and without a hope of communicating with my family , i am sure of only one thing , i am on enemy territory and if the animals do not devour me , they will .
can i ask one more thing from you ?
he swears that he would have known it was you and kayla confirms the same thing .
sure thing , tom said .
when i used to go to church with you , that s one thing you always told me .
best friends never say that kind of thing , especially teenage boys .
if it was nt for that other thing you said about the bat and balls , i d lick your face right now .
i heard the whole thing , mason said .
unfortunately , bruce failed to anticipate this question , and so he resorted to the first thing that popped into his head .
if i learned one thing in my life as a boho , its that you do nt have to try as hard as the little people when you re already sitting at the top of the world .
at least it proves i was right about one thing .
i once said the same thing to a cockapoo with a short attention span , bruce said with a wink .
` ` i knowim feeling the same thing .
the first thing out of his mouth was what s for supper .
` ` always the same thing .
` ` sure thing , '' he says , never once looking in clay 's direction .
` ` sure thing , '' clay says , and watches sam walk back toward the goons ' car from his side mirror .
` ` same thing i came to see you about yesterday . ''
` ` he did n't say a thing he will divulge all the information when or if we meet . ''
the last thing i said was i love you .
i could n't shake the last thing he said ... i grew up in a house where i could n't be myself .
same thing happened when i met sebastian .
i looked at sebastian and knew he was thinking the same thing i was .
he was always saying unkind things about me behind my back , and i ve always thought he s one of those good - looking bull - shitters that s faking their way into places .
but those two words were the last thing i d expected to come out of stones mouth .
same thing with the rest of the people around here .
just before she closed the door she said one more thing i could hear .
the strange thing was that the african woman was making sense , that she was saying the same thing as captain bob .
that night in the darkness , hiding our tiny lights from the enemy around us , i remember telling you the same thing even though we were surrounded with so many guns .
each tweet told me one thing about him .
though , the last thing he uttered did announce trouble .
its weird ; to have the judge saying such a thing .
does nt it piss you off when you argue with someone and they keep on saying the same thing on and on , holding on to an expired argument ?
and this makes me want to say the second thing on my mind .
you begin to ask yourselves so many questions , putting into doubt every single thing you ve once believed in so firmly .
however , if its doubt that i m seeing in these eyes ; then i should remind you of one thing .
he said it with so much brutality ; although it remained a proper and respectful thing to say .
i did nt know how ill react to it ; but i knew one thing and it was that i was not prepared for this , not yet .
his eyes did nt only transmit frustration , but the way he looked at me also indicated one thing that i was involved in this .
i know why he s done it and i must say that it is truly a shameful thing to say officer dan stanley was not seeking a confession but he was actually pressuring alexei into incriminating himself .
i do nt why i was thinking this way ; but i knew one thing and it is that i am not happy .
although his incomplete sentence was the last thing he uttered to me this morning , i knew very well what he wanted to say and it was nt the last thing he will have said today .
it was nt the first time that he says such a thing with so much audacity , plenty of authority as if he held the last word .
he was stunned by my question which was the first thing that i had pronounced to him today and he certainly was irritated to answer .
you know , ralph , that 's about the only thing you ' ve said tonight that i believe .
so 's i got to threaten her with damn near everthin to jaywalking just to get the same thing out of her for nothing .
i 'll tell you one thing , pal .
the only thing you can trust is that each person will act in his own self - interests .
was the first thing she said after she released me from her all - enveloping bear hug .
that was the wrong thing to say about a woman with a healthy ego .
if there s one thing i learned the hard way , its that you have to convince people you re capable of taking the lead .
when the conversation ended , he said only one thing .
i never said any such thing .
was the first thing out of rhonas mouth when she finally did speak .
but then rob said the one thing he knew would be irresistible to me .
the only thing i understood is that i need to do what i was ordered to do and there is no chance of me returning tomorrow , she said ruefully .
one last thing , she said while remembering something .
the only thing she said was that she had a fight with chris over his work ethics , something he should have told her first .
the only thing passing through his mind was a betrayal of the trust that sarah had in him .
just one thing i wanted to tell .
angie had said the same thing .
it did nt take long to realize we were thinking the same thing .
i know were thinking the same thing .
there s another thing i do nt understand , i say .
yeah , my wife said the same thing .
i had the salmon with asparagus , the same thing i d gotten every month for the last two years of meetings .
if there is one thing you re going to learn about me , its that i absolutely abhor shopping crowds .
the allergy details are nt the only thing mrs . st . clair told me .
claire , darling , he took in a sharp breath as if such a thing had never before crossed his mind .
there s just one thing that i do nt understand .
after a few moments of contemplating this , he thought one thing .
he is always grooming me to say the right thing or he is teaching me how to make decisions .
i thought only one thing : chainsaw .
what a terrible thing to say !
what a ghastly thing to say !
i sure hope , detective mcgill , that the first thing that s going to come out of your mouth is that you ve been making a hell of a lot of progress on hauptmanns murder and you also have a pretty good idea of why and how loreen stenke was killed .
i think that the one thing we can be sure of is that the situation was different .
and that was just the sort of thing that hermann hated to hear , david said .
why that s the most ludicrous thing i ve heard .
david cameron said one thing , over and over : he supported fracking .
i ve spent the afternoon assuring everybody that i m off the case , he said , although he suddenly remembered that he had nt told fred and clara any such thing .
that , she said , was the funniest thing i ve heard since the squires son fell into the pig slop .
that measure of influence thing stuck in my mind .
i was nt doing any such thing , but it was a nice ego boost to hear anyway .
the only thing i had been able to get out of him was that the wheels of justice in hatters cove moved much slower than it did in miami , and i would just have to be patient .
i did nt hear him say any such thing .
dollys attorney spent a few precious billable minutes telling me the exact same thing .
that s got to be the stupidest thing i ve ever heard .
one thing he will have got wrong because i deceived him .
guilty as claimed but i do nt awaken to a zombie beau who s mostly likely being drugged with something thing by someone .
she said the same thing about cindys sister stephanie , and then threw in something about how they would lose the farm if they did nt come up with a ton of money in a hurry .
erin got one thing right .
the first thing you learn about buff is he never talks .
the whole thing went back to a quote in the newspaper .
and just like hunts pretty - young thing , she seemed too young for her title .
i never heard the name , she said , and i wo n't tell you one single thing .
the only thing i knew for certain at that point was he used the promise of love to lure gay men into some sort of trap , and he would probably do it again .
one other thing you might want to know , the old man said before i left .
i knew one thing for certain , if i did nt do something fast this weirdo would kill us both .
that we were borrowing a boat without approval was one thing .
one thing i will say , she was a discriminating shopper .
shed have a thing or two to say about the family , unless loyalty got in the way .
that s the funniest thing i ve heard in months !
there was a slight pause then she added , although i was thinking the same thing .
connie had known that frankie had been eating those sweets and she never said a thing .
it 's kind of pathetic , but i will say one thing for her : the woman can raise money for charity like nobody 's business .
it is , however , the only self - incriminating thing you ' ve said all day .
i think the saddest thing i heard from mr . trent is that he has not maintained any relationship with his kids .
i ' m not sure if anything will or even can work out for us because of the other thing i have to tell you .
bev said , mom , i ' m really sorry to have to cut you off in the middle of the closest thing we have ever had to a real mother - daughter conversation , but i ' m pulling into the parking lot at the airport .
honey , i never heard my parents say a civil word to each other when they lived together and i never heard either of them say a civil thing about the other after they divorced .
the last time i was at the farm , aunt betty told me almost exactly the same thing you just said .
that is the most utterly absurd thing he 's every said to anybody .
thank you one last thing yes ?
one thing i learned from watching old roy rogers westerns was that if a person puts a gun in your back with a quick spin and arm swing you can knock the weapon aside before a finger can squeeze the trigger .
there is one thing i do n't understand though . '
rafferty had n't assumed any such thing , the use of the male pronoun had just seemed the most obvious in the circumstances , but now he felt stung to defend his choice .
her father had said the same thing , after her mother died .
surely , there is no harm in that , replied the earl , looking shocked at the thought that anyone might think such as thing .
really , mr . melamed , by rights i should have you shown to the door for insinuating such a ridiculous thing .
ill tell you one thing , she said , they looked disturbed when i mentioned katherine .
that s the first thing we assume when we examine a death , lopez said .
your father said the same thing to me back when i was a student .
she drank half of the 20 - ounce bottle and waited for the next thing .
she thought about something else but it came back to the same thing .
its the one thing i know .
for each thing she was sure it was , she played through her reaction to it .
she could not figure out why anyone would write such thing nor could she imagine a guy so desperate he d do something like that either .
right now , i only want one thing from you .
the only thing hell say is that you re the reason he got fired .
i want a lawyer , was the last thing i said to the chp lieutenant .
the last thing he said to me was , you made the wrong choice son .
vince said , same thing .
that s the last thing shorty said to me as i left .
ai nt they the same thing ?
that was a strange thing to say , hannah thought almost as if he how are you today , hannah ?
she sensed it was because everyone knew she and wesley had been an item and they were afraid of losing their job for saying the wrong thing , but it still made her uncomfortable .
i was sure that regardless of the professionalism of the people in this building , one of them had a recorder working on their cell phone and it was taking down every vile thing that eleanor was saying .
seeing as i was n't a big proponent of love at first sight , the whole seductive voice thing was just not working for me .
they could put any number of pretty words around it but it ended up being the same thing .
` ` of course not '' she said , as if offended i would say such a thing .
` ` one thing i will say , the bum hurt you years ago .
it was inevitable some ghosts just would nt like me and would nt listen to a thing i said .
i could tell her one thing for sure , it would nt get any easier .
it seemed like i just could nt say the right thing .
there was no denying one thing , though .
mindy was thinking the same thing as i had , but i did nt want her to know i was slightly nervous .
i ca nt understand a thing she says .
every once in a while , cora mae held something up for my examination and each time i said the same thing , sell it .
this is the dumbest thing i ve ever heard , i said .
dumbest thing i ve ever heard .
must have been kids because no one else would believe such a thing .
i did n't realize at the time that he had a wife , one more thing he failed to mention .
she hung up before i could think of the next thing to say .
i walked the floors wondering if i had dreamt the damn thing .
where on earth would you hear such a thing ?
because i never know what foul thing is going to come spilling out of your mouth .
i looked at the thing in the lake , the thing that said i had just acquired a long string of unpleasant things to do .
i looked at the thing in the lake , the thing that said i had just acquired a long string of unpleasant things to do .
sounded like a reasonable thing for a man to tell a young redhead , i figured .
` ` my name is pica , which is an unusual name , i know , but my father was a printer and when i was born i was very small , and my mother did nt have any idea what to call me since she was convinced i would be a boy , so my father named me the first thing he could think of .
i was thinking the same thing , kele said , looking winded .
win said the same thing , and i was right , i said .
one thing i ve learned ; as you get older you get to divide your friends into two groups , those you do things with , and those you used to do things with .
i did nt think of a thing to say ; my mind was picturing myself hitting cork with something heavy .
and , by the way , i note no one from homeland security or the ntsb has suggested any such thing .
that s not a very nice thing to say about your old college buddy , naya observed .
i know no such thing .
i was nt sure i d classify my ancestral home , the martin mansion , as a mausoleum , but it was big and square with white pillars and sat on a little knoll just outside sweetwater proper , so i assumed we were talking about the same thing .
i could have asked him the same thing , but i refrained .
the only thing i could come up with , was that clarice must have snapped and decided to avenge her husbands suicide fifteen years after the fact .
you telling me satterfield ai nt thinking the same thing , darlin ?
i ordered without consulting the menu chicken marsala , the same thing i had had the night before and waited for rafe .
rafe and i exchanged a look , and the same thing was probably going through both of our minds .
it was difficult to know what to say , especially since i was afraid of saying the wrong thing .
rafe said the same thing .
of course , tim was hoping the same thing , and he had nt been pleased when i had explained the situation to him on monday morning .
i could have asked her the same thing , but i decided not to .
nobody is sure if the grouch mask was left to taunt the police , but one thing seems almost certain now ; this murder and that of amy garret , an eight - year - old girl found strangled and dumped next to the corona train depot , are most likely connected .
i could only assume jason was thinking the same thing i was .
nobody asked you a damn thing .
and i say the first thing that comes to mind .
steve , cory and i looked back and forth at each other wondering the same thing ; had she found out that amber nelson was missing and wanted to let jason and i know what was going on ?
i needed to know one thing before he left though .
yes , but if there s one thing i learned working with you , its that you ve got to trust your instincts , and my gut instincts tells me there s something going on here .
carlos and i traded looks , undoubtedly thinking the same thing .
carlos , he said , if there s one thing you should know about neo - pagan worshipers , its that they do nt worship satan .
people had said the same thing about me not that long ago .
his present urge was to pursue the matter further with molly , having nothing more in mind than the welfare of his client , but experience had taught him one thing over the years : when molly montgomary made up her mind about something , neither he nor his father -- and probably not even the supreme court -- could change it .
if one thing was certain about molly montgomary , it was that she never nurtured illusions .
he did say one thing , though , that i ' ve been mulling over ever since .
you see , if someone lies to me about one thing , they 'll most likely lie to me about another , and then i ca n't believe anything they tell me .
if there was one thing he had learned about his superior in the two years he had been working with him , it was that detective captain sylvester was intolerant of one thing in those who worked under him : tardiness .
she had no idea in this world why in her case it would be different , but it was the only thing she could think to say .
` ` if there is one thing that one can say about molly montgomary , it is that molly always makes sense . ''
` ` one thing we now know for sure , '' pat said .
if he were there with you right now , he 'd tell you the same thing . ''
argus tried to say as little as possible , but he did spill the thing about the day he was born , and he mentioned the list , and then mikael had to see it .
when he came out , the first thing he said was ` ` how old are you now , twenty two is that right ? ''
` ` this i know for one thing , mikael declared .
the first thing she said , though , was ` ` i can see you will be successful in business .
` ` the first thing you asked when you saw your master was whether mr . horne had shot him .
` ` he did not hear such a thing from denis .
` ` i have never said such a thing . ''
` ` if you beat me , lacey , i wo n't tell you a thing . ''
well , i guess one thing . ''
` ` i wondered the same thing , '' i said with enthusiasm .
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i told the cops .
` ` so that thing about the hangman 's rope was made up ? ''
` ` that whole thing about it being for her safety , that was smart .
` ` mulberry , i want us to be clear on one thing before we go any further with this . ''
i look , i m sorry if this is a terrible thing to say , but i m glad i m not alone .
god , it was a terrible thing to say .
falkner held her breath ; that was nt the sort of thing just anyone could say to chaz .
the track he d needed to get around to the thing he had to say , and did nt know how : you re not what i thought you were , hafidha .
he knew the same thing they knew .
there s one other thing you need to know .
hell , it was the only thing i could think of , although i realized the moment it left my mouth it was definitely the wrong thing .
i might ask you the same thing , i said .
and one more thing i hissed as another sharp ass instrument of some sort slashed me open .
i m not going to say a thing .
blood , no longer the only thing i could concentrate on was shoved to the back of my mind as the smell of urine and other things assaulted my senses .
the president had heard all that earlier and assumed that foy had been saying virtually the same thing to everyone he met all night long .
harrison foy did indeed say over the microphone exactly the same thing that he had said to everyone in the place as they came through the door .
when they finally packed up and left on thursday , the only thing chris knew for sure about bjornson 's death was that he had been murdered .
` ` i said no such thing , mother ! ''
chris could n't think of a thing to say , and then several things happened at once .
the first thing out of her mouth was , ` ` nobody 's dead , are they ? ''
tracey said the same thing .
jack knew it seemed like that sometimes , but it was the farthest thing from the truth , sort of .
again , the vacation thing is a negative , right ?
he knew one thing ; his first choice would only be an agent to find the real talent .
worst thing , shell say is no .
some sick and twisted love thing like an i m the only one who can have these girls or they die kind of thing .
some sick and twisted love thing like an i m the only one who can have these girls or they die kind of thing .
neither ethan or i wanted to end up dead just because we said the wrong thing .
wait , suzie said , there is one other thing i remember liz saying .
thank goodness elderly aunt eileen and i were nt going to have any common ailments to talk about i m sure she had a thing or two to say about her butt , if she was asked .
she s going through the same thing i am .
i knew it was a petty thing to say , but i was hoping for a reaction and i got one , but not quite the one i was expecting .
well , there s just one thing i think they left out .
the biggest problem with these is cost but you can make your own experiments and the biggest points i can leave you with is the same thing dr . devereaux told james mcgregor , leave the harsh drugs alone .
now that was the wrong thing to say .
ouch , the older woman thing stung .
i have nt heard a thing .
what a curious thing to say , manda thought .
but , mrs . hill being mrs . hill , she would n't tell us a goddamn thing .
from that day on , i would tell everyone i met the same thing .
about the only thing he would say was that he was better now and wanted to leave .
this was the last thing he d expected .
its probably just another official or some such thing .
mark nodded , very well , but i want to show you one thing more .
instead of a rough battering of questions , he tried relaxing him by sharing a coffee , but while john was perfectly prepared to act as if he was a friend , almost the only thing that he would say was that the soldiers should not be blamed .
ted : i admit no such thing .
greg : i ' ve been thinking exactly the same thing .
it seemed like a strange thing for a priest to say .
you re a white russian and i m a black russian ; the only thing separating us is this vodka .
then , i saw the thing that i had feared most .
i guess there is one thing , though .
as she turned away , preparing to exit the morgues presentation room , she realized that her brain had processed a single thing from the puffed mass of tissue masquerading as a face .
i got one more thing to tell you that alfie just told me but i got to have a promise from you that if i tell you , you wo nt be asking alfie all about it .
what an odd thing for her to say .
she registered that she did nt need to know one thing more than she already did about elise or deirdres last hours .
i do need one other thing .
except for the thing about the plane tickets , i told you everything .
half the truth was better than the whole thing .
your mother would say the same thing , cal said .
the broken taillight told me one thing : the x women were posing as the fbi .
you know there was no shred of evidence to suggest such a thing . ''
` ` the thing i am certain of is that we will shortly have a new junior member in the department . ''
the question of it being a match should have been the only thing left to respond too .
` ` i was just about to ask , the same thing . ''
jim proclaimed before emma could say a thing .
a soft , low laugh , started to grow , soon everyone was heard to say , ` ` i thought the same thing .
without a bath , she was n't even ready to be seen by his mother , even though she knew jesse would n't say a thing .
` ` that wo n't be necessary , one thing this job has taught me .
sometimes i 'd give anything , to be able to do something the whole town does n't know about , but i can tell you one thing . ''
she did n't understand a thing he was saying .
` ` i was was the only thing she managed to get out before he had passed her , and was half way up the road .
she declared , ` ` they were fighting about the stone or at least who was going to be with grandma , the one guy said almost the same thing mr . harris said the other night to you . ''
` ` i mean , you talk to each other '' he looked down at her ` ` without saying a thing . ''
that was the last thing she heard , until she opened her eyes a few hours later , racked with pain .
she remembered somewhere , him telling her the same thing , but she could n't remember where they were .
` ` a story , beth said the same thing , when she read my note book . ''
she looked down expecting the worst , but when not a word fell from his lips , she debated if shed said the wrong thing .
after the first couple of weeks of beth trying to convince her to go back to work , only to be told the same thing repeatedly , shed even stopped coming by .
he shouted at her again , shed chosen the wrong thing to say .
you may not realise it , sweet child , he intoned solemnly , leaning over the reception counter towards her , but we are facing a great threat an olympic swimming pool can mean only one thing .
yes , i remember the last thing he said to me that it was all very trivial , but i suppose he was just trying to make out that i d exaggerated .
out loud he responded : if such a thing were to be found true , the councillor would lose his position , and there could possibly be charges brought against him - depending on the severity of the offense but of course we do not yet know sufficient detail about this particular instance .
sue , i just thought another funny thing .
but i hope you will know me better in the future , and never believe such a thing of me again .
dennis massington came in this afternoon , and asked me the same thing .
sorry , that s the very thing we do nt know !
i heard the whole thing , nina said , indignant .
nina asked the hospital staff the same thing , gretchen said .
gretchen thought of one thing she could tell him that might help .
gretchen thought the same thing .
he would say the same thing .
this is one more thing we ca nt show to the police because it only proves what they already believe .
the same thing holds true for lucifer .
one thing all angels in heaven know is that , if you need help , all you have to do is to ask and a legion of archangels will come to your aid immediately .
she gave dallas that smile once again that meant the same thing earlier that morning , maybe or maybe not .
one thing all of those humans that accept christ understand is that they are not sinless .
let me say one last thing before i continue .
we went through the whole thing again , page by page of her notepad , retracing every step , leaving nothing out .
my intuition was telling me one thing , my mind another .
another thing : do nt tell people you re looking for the kid .
if you ca nt talk now , say some thing phony - anything .
very hard to say the next thing .
it was the first thing martin had said for twenty minutes .
` ` i could ask you the same thing , '' he said slowly .
` ` i ' ve learned one thing from this life , '' he said .
he said : dats de craziest thing i ever heard .
` ` tell me one thing , '' she went on .
the recording said the same thing the second time : terrance , this is arte .
you know , if a child had been attacked , or anyone come to that , there might have been more explanation for such a massive police presence , but the one thing that the officer we spoke to confirmed was about the dog : move along , nothing to see , just a dog been killed , you know the sort of patronizing thing .
you know , if a child had been attacked , or anyone come to that , there might have been more explanation for such a massive police presence , but the one thing that the officer we spoke to confirmed was about the dog : move along , nothing to see , just a dog been killed , you know the sort of patronizing thing .
art reckoned that he had about twenty minutes grace before he started bawling ; he was usually quite content to play on his own , first thing in the morning when he was still half - asleep , and it gave art the opportunity to have a wash , brush his teeth , and make himself something for breakfast .
he looked closely at his bosss face , aware that the assumed expression of catatonia would quickly change to explosive animation if he were to say the wrong thing now .
the one thing that tal knew was that the fugitive had not wanted to be seen , and he was also quite sure that he would not want his hidey - hole to be discovered too .
the only thing we can say about him is that he is legit , but beyond that we have no idea where he works , what he does , how he has any connection to us , or to anything to do with us .
oh , one more thing he says , just as i am leaving , and i turn back .
its the most emotional thing i ve ever heard , and i m about to reach over and kiss her when i feel myself being dragged from behind , the room is disappearing as i m being pulled into the void and i m out , in the middle of the air , rushing through space which makes the impact all the more sudden .
erm i start , my voice broken , and he looks up , surprised , as if he s forgotten i m there , and now he s looking at me , like he s imploring , and i have to get myself together , i ca nt take another one , its just too much , come on , pull myself together , focus on one thing , just one thing , focus on my voice , do nt show the fear , and i spit and croak , its all i can do , i close my eyes and think of my mouth , my tongue , my voice , let it be ok , let me start , just focus can i help my voice comes out high pitched and cracked , all at the same time , but its a start , recognisable nonetheless , and babybros eyes lock with mine for a second , i can see them turn red , then blue , before going back to brown , and i know that i have a chance .
erm i start , my voice broken , and he looks up , surprised , as if he s forgotten i m there , and now he s looking at me , like he s imploring , and i have to get myself together , i ca nt take another one , its just too much , come on , pull myself together , focus on one thing , just one thing , focus on my voice , do nt show the fear , and i spit and croak , its all i can do , i close my eyes and think of my mouth , my tongue , my voice , let it be ok , let me start , just focus can i help my voice comes out high pitched and cracked , all at the same time , but its a start , recognisable nonetheless , and babybros eyes lock with mine for a second , i can see them turn red , then blue , before going back to brown , and i know that i have a chance .
so my heads hurting and i m trying to think , and trying to answer this question , but my heads hurting and i m trying to think about simon and was what he did really bad or was it just part of the deal , and then ruth and the same thing , because i m pretty sure that the name i give will be important , will be consequential , for the person involved , and not in a good way , so choose wisely , mr paris , choose wisely .
he s got a phone in his hand and he s urgently whispering into it , things like secure areas 3 and 4 , and proceed down the vetted security route only as i try to concentrate on what i am doing but i find this too interesting , i m connecting wires but i m looking at him and i smile warmly as he finally hangs up and drops the phone on the screen , allowing it to bounce onto the floor and lay there broken .
my first three hours taught me just one thing , that being a superhero can be hard work , and not for the glamorous reasons of struggling with your own conscience , but just because its hard work finding crime , at least here , its not something that happens just that often .
there s just one thing simon says softly .
even though i ve not controlled things , it has nt mattered , what s mattered is that i had this buffer , this thing that said it does nt really matter if someone dies , or something goes wrong , as long as of course its not me .
i thought , i thought , the one thing , the only thing .
i thought , i thought , the one thing , the only thing .
the thing that i felt , yes felt , was not nice .
maybe that was the right thing to say .
the door being unlocked could only have meant one thing , he was expecting us .
i just need one more thing .
you know , i told anchula the same thing about a month ago .
rex said the same thing many times .
my daughter claire tells me the same thing , but i m retired and do nt feel like being called by everyone all the time .
ok , ok , ill tell you the whole damn thing .
funny that you should ask if we had ever gone to his house , mr . thornbird asked us the same thing , we gave him the same answer i just gave you .
` ` dead bastard does n't have to tell us a fucking thing . ''
do you know the first thing that hywel told me after he asked me to spy for him ?
there is one thing i do know , hywel said .
her throat closed on any comprehensible thing she could possibly put forth .
he d said it was to her , as well , though almost immediately she doubted it as she overheard him telling one of the serving wenches the same thing three days later .
not the easiest thing to say obviously , luckily he goes by the name p. bit of a hard case this one .
di haynes essentially said the same thing as they walked to the forensics tent .
he d always thought the baby account was a no go area , but it was clear his wife was thinking the same thing he had been , its just they d both been frightened to talk about it .
in the end they all wrote the same thing which was it was a mistake but that his other actions relating to the case such as saving the eight year old girl and at least initially managing to bring jane to justice without incident was commendable .
there s supposed to be this code of silence thing going on , like in libraries you re meant to nod like you care and look all shocked and say things like , and how did you feel , when you d eaten the entire turkey before your guests had arrived ?
i look forward to it , said the diplomat as he hung up , both he and the doctor knowing he meant no such thing .
that is the last thing you would have wanted to hear .
only one thing . ''
do me one thing though , promise me this , if i ever go do - lally , yknow senile , or for that matter some sort of fuckin cabbage , you have my permission to shoot me .
they wore colors , had their hair styled , no blood dripping at the mouth sort of thing what ar - r - re you trying to say ?
well , i know one thing is for sure .
he did not say a thing , and turned and stared off into oblivion remembering his beautiful alyse from several years ago in germany .
the only thing agreed upon was that the knickerbocker trust would open for business the next day and try to weather the storm .
that is one thing i am unable to forget .
archie was thinking about one thing and one thing only : belle da costa greene .
and then he evoked the one thing archie could not refuse : you owe me a beer , captain .
mick grunted , frantically trying to communicate one last thing .
was the first thing alberto said .
a robust , energetic man , the first thing he said was that he had a great idea for a book that he had been researching and developing for almost a decade .
what i meant to say was i have a hard time relaxing around such a beautiful women for fear i am going to say the wrong thing and offend you .
the only thing i can tell you is do nt lie to him .
well let the false report thing pass .
but there was one thing he needed to hear .
also on the paper were the two stamped capital letters m and e. the thing that came to mind immediately was medical examiner .
it was another thing i had read in my internet searching .
he tried to yell , but the only thing that came out was a gurgle as blood gushed out of his mouth .
` ` i absolutely am saying no such thing , '' charlie insisted .
the whole death thing . ''
the thing that comes up again and again , in a dozen cultures , is that they guard the passage between the living and the dead . ''
` ` yeah , what thing ? ''
that was the kind of thing he 'd thought to himself several times when he was retrieving a soul vessel and had seen people who were so far in denial about what was happening to them that they were still buying five - year calendars .
and one thing he knew for a fact .
it was a somewhat callous thing to say , but she looked hard as nails ; he did n't think it would upset her , and he was right .
the only thing he 'd say in her favor was that she never fought todd for full custody .
that might have been the wrong thing to say .
` ` tell me one more thing . ''
but his father had probably thought the same thing about hunter 's mother , who had sworn her love in front of the world and tossed that word around with little care for the meaning in the dictionary .
hunter wanted to know one thing .
` ` one thing is n't negotiable , '' she said , and smiled when he did n't look so sure of himself .
the first thing she 'd learned years ago when they had been partners in the cia was that joe public would rather be hit in the head with a tack hammer than sit at a desk , working on a computer .
so the last thing i wanted to hear after all this time was thati was the one with a problem . ''
` ` but answer me one thing , syd . ''
i 'll tell you the same thing i told finman .
and i can level the same thing back at you .
` ` ten drinks , because i hung the fuck in there , '' the kid says , and the doo laughs and claps him on the back like it 's the funniest thing he ever heard .
there was no such thing back then , but the kid did n't know that .
like it was the most fascinating thing anyone had ever said .
me , i do n't know the first thing about the game .
` ` one thing we know for certain .
the pain in pops 's face was a living , breathing thing .
` ` whatever you think , '' jenna said , ` ` whatever may or may not be the truth here , one thing is certain . ''
` ` sure thing , '' she said .
` ` heavens no , '' he said , as if that was the most ridiculous thing he ever heard .
when i was sure we were both thinking the same thing , i switched off my bedside lamp , turned back to him , and gave his neck a tiny nip .
and the same thing held true for shelby , who was much more likely to buy angel a new running outfit or a punching bag than a huge bouquet of flowers .
` ` if you had been there in that doctor 's office yesterday and seen how upset she was , if you had seen how scared she was you would n't believe her , you would never say a stupid thing like that . ''
` ` i was just about to ask this woman the same thing , '' paul said , in a much calmer voice .
and muttering further encouraging things and heaving with all my might , i got the punching bag out of the trunk .
and arthur was neglecting his young date to glare at martin as though my husband were saying derogatory things about arthur 's ancestry .
` ` ummmm , '' was the next thing i said , and then i did n't say any more for a good few minutes .
it was the only thing i could think of to say , and i spun on my heel and stalked off down the aisle , the last to shake aubrey 's hand .
that had to be the nicest thing a man had ever said to her .
hispanic or latina or some such thing .
hard thing to admit .
` ` i tried one more thing , '' he said .
the first thing mike asked was , ` ` where is jill ? ''
muse remembered guy novak saying the same thing .
marianne had heard about the terrible thing joe had said to her daughter , yasmin , but she sounded understanding .
and then mr . lewiston said that horrible thing about yasmin .
then the sheriff stopped by the next day and said the same thing .
that 's the last thing the husband ever hears . ''
what makes sense here , the only thing that makes sense really , is that conwell was hired to follow lawson . ''
` ` we should get one thing straight . ''
but no one said a thing .
` ` the same thing i said to him : if you talk again , i wo n't hurt you .
i have n't said or done one thing that 'll incriminate me . ''
my second love , the closest thing i ' ve had to a soul mate , was jessica culver , a writer .
one more thing i just realized about all the women in my life : they all have great walks .
you 'll want to hug me or hold me or say the right thing because that 's the way you are .
terese was repeating the same thing over and over , and as she slid off the couch i finally thought i could make out what she was saying : ` ` please , '' terese begged to some higher power .
` ` one thing i do n't get , '' i said .
the voice keeps repeating the same thing over and over .
what is the last thing i remember ?
but i just knew one thing for certain : i could n't stand still any longer .
when i googled ' hhk , ' the first thing that came up is a publicly traded health - care company .
if someone were to ask about you , i would say the same thing . ''
` ` what is the first thing they 'll tell you ?
the only thing he seemed capable of grasping was that the badly damaged girl being cared for by the medics on the floor next to the kitchen bench was the triple murderer lisbeth salander .
- another thing .
it was the first thing he had said since she cuffed him .
why does it confirm any such thing ? ''
` ` the key thing to remember is that visitors never go into a patient 's room . ''
if i wanted to prove to you that i could cure aids , what would be the most convincing thing i could show you ?
and then there was the last thing that voice on the tv had said the story of the year on the aids epidemic .
neither spoke , but they both knew that they were thinking the same thing .
` ` hey , that 's not a nice thing to say , '' the aussie slurred .
this is n't the kind of thing you want to tell someone over a phone . ''
that was the only thing i said about her that was ` ` true .
i should have said thing after thing after thing after thing .
i should have said thing after thing after thing after thing .
light reflected off the can onto her face , and for a second i could see her smiling at the thing she was about to say .
` ` oh my god , if you hooked up with her , you have to tell me every single thing that happened .
i decided it must be , because there was only one thing in front of me , and it was mr . jiminez at the blackboard , and this was the only thing that my brain could process , and so when mr . jiminez said , ` ` quentin ? ''
like the paper town thing she said about orlando ?
not wanting to be found by some kids in jefferson park is n't the same thing as not wanting to die .
i only went to like three classes , and i only learned one thing , but the thing comes in handy sometimes : we watched this tae kwon do master punch through a thick wooden block , and we were all like , dude , how did he do that , and he told us that if you move as though your hand will go through the block , and if you believe that your hand will go through the block , then it will . ''
what an outlandishly lame thing to say .
i ' m thinking the most banal thing in the world : i am thinking that i do n't want this to happen .
that 's the first thing she said .
i was about to say marshall was not a racist or some such thing , but i got interrupted .
the only true thing i found hiding in my psyche was that i missed claude , missed his dropping over to share my lunch , missed his occasional appearance at my doorstep with chinese takeout or a video he 'd rented .
and another true thing was that i did n't miss a dating relationship with marshall .
the best thing you could say about carrie 's office was that it was large enough .
and then as i opened my mouth to scream , hoping to throw him off guard for a second , he said the one thing that could have achieved a truce .
it was a dreary thing to say , but i meant it .
every now and then , jack said exactly the right thing .
suddenly i knew we were feeling exactly the same thing - just for a second , a flash , but it was a flash so bright it blinded me .
what a stupid thing to tell a child , i castigated myself , but i had no idea what else to say .
little red - faced thing ... she was so tiny .
i could not think of one single thing to say , so i nodded .
` ` now i have a thing or two to tell you . ''
even if i had n't gotten the job trying to prove that very thing , i still would n't believe her .
the only thing i was sure of about his death was that he had seen it coming and not recognized it .
so he commented on the weather , and i answered - you know , the usual kind of thing people say to old ladies they do n't know very well ! ''
but this thing i know , about the death of pardon albee ... this , i thought , i might have to tell .
now , i ' m telling you this very personal thing because i want you to take it into account when i tell you that thea was accused by one of the mothers of one of the little girls in the preschool of slapping that child . ''
` ` see , now that 's the kind of thing i want you to tell me . ''
but he also told me the same thing you did - that she 'd been having overnight company , which 'll count against her in court . ''
` ` that 's the best thing you could ' ve said to me . ''
i know when jerrell was courting her , he was mighty careful not to say one thing about deedra .
we just want to go over the same thing again , see if you remember anything new . ''
there was that double meaning thing he kept doing .
sunrise properties might not play in the big league , but james managed to survive years of recession and sell out big , which can only mean one thing : he knows how to pick his employees . ''
sylvie did n't fall into a tirade of expletives , which could only mean one thing .
` ` okay , that was about the most laughable thing you ' ve ever said . ''
it just was n't the same thing .
i did n't ask because the moment was magical , and it just was n't the right thing to say .
i ca n't claim the same thing for many men . ''
i knew he would n't drop it , so i said the first thing that came to my mind .
` ` i do n't think we 're talking about the same thing here . ''
i thought of the one thing i could say without raising his suspicion .
rejecting me when i needed it the most was the last thing i expected .
` ` that 's the most f**ked - up thing i ' ve ever heard .
there was something strange in the way the doctor 's tone had become more intimate , not to mention it was an odd thing to say .
that 's the only thing he said , '' jett said , gravely .
hoyt parker , elizabeth 's father , was n't home yet , so kim and i chatted about nothing - or , to say the same thing a different way , we chatted about everything except elizabeth .
for one thing , i wait for five o'clock tomorrow .
` ` let me add one thing , '' svensson said .
once you asked if you could trust me , and i wondered the same thing about you .
the paperwork says one thing , but armansky and blomkvist say something else .
` ` that does n't mean a thing .
` ` he asked me the same thing .
miriam is going to say the same thing when she wakes up .
i have to say one thing . ''
he could not recall that she had hinted by so much as a single word that any such thing had happened to her .
` ` but i ' m just a simple private investigator who does n't know the first thing about police work . ''
i ' ve gone over the events so many times that i think i can account for what happened in every minute of that day - except the most important thing . ''
that 's the third thing .
` ` you had sources for every last thing you wrote ? ''
` ` not exactly , if it were n't for one thing .
they all said exactly the same thing . ''
` ` i do n't want to keep sounding like a bad cliche , '' myron said , ` ` but if there 's anything at all i can do ... '' ` ` one thing . ''
win raised a finger , ` ` one thing . ''
` ` he told your father and me the same thing he told jessica . ''
if clu had told his parents the same thing he told jessica , if he had used all that death talk when mom and dad did n't know where myron was ... as though reading his mind , dad said , ` ` i called win .
motto : there 's no such thing as too much commerce .
but i have learned one thing for sure .
` ` there 's one thing i do n't get .
he confessed the worst thing he could imagine , the one moment in his life that shaped all others .
` ` there 's one more thing that backs my theory up .
or to say the same thing in another way : he started to feel less .
he did n't know what was going on with olivia , but one thing he knew for certain : it marked the end .
but the one thing that was definitely true was that prison taught you all the wrong skills .
he could see the fear and the only thing matt could think- not about answers , not about explanations- the only thing he could think clearly was , ` ` how do i make it better ? ''
he could see the fear and the only thing matt could think- not about answers , not about explanations- the only thing he could think clearly was , ` ` how do i make it better ? ''
` ` it 's the same thing here .
he spoke for the first time : ` ` sure thing , candi . ''
that one a.m. thing .
it 's the appropriate thing to say .
he 'd already thought the same thing .
` ` look , no offense , mr . copeland , but this is n't the kind of thing you just say over the phone , you know ?
see if they end up saying some thing .
she often thought back to her own education , the hours of mind - numbing lectures , and could not remember one thing from any of them .
three of your brothers told ms . shaker the same thing . ''
i wondered about the heart stuff , about never getting over the mysterious ` ` p. '' but when i put it down , the first thing i said to her was , ` ` this is n't what happened . ''
` ` i did n't say any thing , lucy .
i thought about how lucy had said the same thing .
i was trying to get you to admit to some thing . ''
` ` so i ' m going to tell you one more thing .
i wanted to reach her , say some thing , try somehow to comfort her a little .
and donnie greenhouse said several very strange things last night . ''
and i was trying to tell martin i loved the earrings and would n't have taken an engagement ring if he 'd given it to me , which was completely untrue and a very stupid thing to say .
he was a demo man , as was gage , and they were thinking the same thing .
` ` now , there 's the first smart thing i ' ve heard out of him so far .
so , she 'd spat out the first thing that popped into her mind , sure to make him angry enough to stay .
what if he pulled the van inside the garage and then first thing in the morning a mechanic could take a look at it ?
they do n't know the first thing about a boat .
i just wanted to clarify one thing , when you asked me a question about did i know he was breaking the law .
despite my struggle to focus , i did hear him say this : ` ` the only thing i ' m afraid of is a life without you , pigeon . ''
maybe he was thinking the same thing and did n't want to talk to me about it .
` ` what is one thing travis said he 'll never forget that you ' ve said to him ? ''
i do n't want to admit it , and verbalizing the whole thing just makes it worse .
they pass me around , hugging me , and saying the same thing as matt .
he is n't faced with his family fortune on billboards and in restaurants , but every would - be - mother knows a thing or two about hale co. products .
` ` i ' m scared , '' i say the first thing i can think of .
` ` that 's the dumbest thing i ' ve heard in a while . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as name prejudice , but i do n't doubt it 's slightly immature .
` ` there 's no such thing , '' i correct him .
ryke said the same thing .
i hear only one thing .
my cheeks redden just accidentally thinking the wrong thing .
that thing i said about connor being moral ?
{ 5 } loren hale here 's the thing about lily calloway .
uhhh ... ` ` a report ... thing . ''
` ` tell me the first thing that comes to your head , '' he says .
on numerous occasions , but she keeps saying the same thing to me .
` ` i never said such a stupid thing . ''
i want to change the topic off of rose 's sex life , so i say the first thing that comes to mind .
but more than that , i fear the same thing happening to my inebriated sister .
and i do n't know what propels me to do it - maybe thinking that one simple thing , maybe feeling the regret - but i pop my head from my burrow .
same thing my father said about his connections .
but in this moment , i only want one thing .
` ` just answer me one thing , '' ryke says .
i realize how difficult it must have been to listen to me say the same thing .
i ' m wondering the same thing , ryke .
well , not the same thing .
she did n't get the whole ex thing , and she was trying to understand it .
she heard the double meaning in his words loud and clear , remembering the last thing he had said to her .
the same thing she had been saying to him all along : why even bother with this company ?
` ` anyway , john knew the right thing to say about everything .
chyna did n't know what to do in the meantime , so she just curled up into a ball on her couch and kept repeating the same thing over and over again .
what she had n't read was the thing she could n't describe even to herself .
she felt like she had been shot or punched or some other terrible thing .
was the only thing she managed to get out .
then , that would just be one more thing that she had gotten wrong and one more thing that she would have to change her perspective on .
her expression was scandalized as if she could n't believe he would say such a thing .
that was one thing she was damn certain of .
here he was - after all that shit they had gone through - requesting the same goddamn thing of her all over again .
their eyes locked , and from that distance , she could tell from his crystal - clear blue eyes that he was thinking the same thing she was thinking .
i kept one thing from you , and now , you 're going to hold a grudge against me forever ? ''
that had to have been the most stressful car ride she had ever been on ... and jack had only said one thing .
` ` the first things we really like to focus on with clients are the date , the color palette , the number of guests , and the venue , '' she said , picking out a big three - ring binder for each thing she mentioned .
he never said the wrong thing .
sometimes , he would go on and on and on while he was getting his thoughts together or when she threw him off guard , but still ... he always said just the right thing .
she swallowed her pride , knowing that she would continue to say the wrong thing on a pretty regular occasion , and stepped into the conference room .
it was the first optimistic thing he had said since she had arrived .
but one thing never changed - jack was always the person she turned to when things went wrong in her life .
the only thing i have to say is ... i ' m really glad it 's adam .
in any case ... it was n't an appropriate thing for him to say ... not with lexi right in the other room .
it was the only thing that made sense to me .
` ` the only thing you ' ve ever expected from me , lex .
jack 's attorney , richard , had basically said the same thing when jack addressed it at the follow - up meeting that lexi had attended with him .
he asked the question as if it was still the most ridiculous thing he had ever heard .
i wrack my brain through the events of the night , but not a single thing comes to mind .
every single time i finish a piece , i think the same thing .
that was a silly thing for me to say and i only think of tom as a friend . ''
that was the last thing i 'd expected her to say .
i bite my lip nervously and mention the first thing that comes to mind .
` ` sure thing , '' julian said , smiling back even though it hurt .
the two girls looked over at her with twin gazes of intense disapproval , and shannon knew immediately she had said the wrong thing .
she was always saying the wrong thing at the wrong time .
julian winced , and shannon thought she might have said the wrong thing .
daniel said it as though it was the most obvious thing in the world , but it was apparent that nobody else knew what he was talking about .
asher , who did n't have a single negative thing to say about anyone , ever ?
he had broken the one true thing , the only thing that mattered to him .
control is everything - and that is the one thing i ' ve learned from my bastard of a father .
he 's looking at me like he 's thinking the same thing i am .
maybe it 's because i always say this sort of thing to women , or really more to myself .
she probably did n't mean to admit such a thing .
` ` right , just a man , '' i say weakly , wondering if she realizes she 's mirroring the same hurtful thing he said about me .
` ` open the damn door , ivy , so i can tell you this sort of thing face to face . ''
i never said any such thing , though she 's right .
jesus , what is with me constantly saying the wrong thing to this woman ?
if he says the wrong thing , i should put an end to it right now .
` ` there 's no such thing as ' most nak*d , ' gage , '' i say irritably , earning a bigger grin for my effort .
there i go again , saying the worst thing ever and offending marina .
he 's as bad as me , saying the wrong thing at the wrong time .
` ` i want to take care of her , that 's all , '' i say , stunned that i 'd even admit such a thing to her father .
i think it 's a reasonable thing to ask . ''
` ` i think that was the best thing i ' ve ever eaten .
she gave him an odd look and then laughed , blurting out the first thing that came to mind .
the entire thing was a lie .
and oh , god , desire was hammering staccato notes through her body , and all her nerve endings seemed to be demanding one thing .
she 'd never expected such a thing from logan , but what were they doing down here in this dingy hallway for a business meeting ?
logan truly seemed to recall every small thing she 'd ever mentioned , and the thought made her feel warm inside .
and given that i ' m still talking to you , she might also have a point about the eternally single thing . ''
` ` i do n't know if you ' ve noticed , but i tend to blurt out the first thing i ' m thinking . ''
she was n't writing a single thing and , for once , she felt wonderfully , gloriously free .
once again , daphne had n't listened to a thing that audrey had said , and cade had come to the rescue , scooping daphne into his arms and removing her and audrey from the party .
not that she would ever tell him such a thing .
they both panted in the silence , neither one saying a thing for a long time .
` ` i will admit no such thing , '' she told him in a pleased , sleepy voice , but she gave another soft sound of pleasure when he tweaked her nipple again .
` ` i always thought the same thing . ''
` ` the whole ' i ' m being the stable , responsible twin because i ' m too proud to ask for help ' thing .
` ` you 're so handy , '' he said , and it sounded like the sexiest thing in the world .
the one thing jane knew about the teacher 's lounge at the high school was that it was the worst place to tell anyone anything , because teachers were the most horrible gossips in town .
` ` then you 're going to have to tell me what 's the best thing to order . ''
she 'd apparently said the wrong thing .
is there such a thing ? ''
it was the wrong thing to say because he completely pulled his finger out of her and held it up for her to see how it was glistening with her sticky sweetness .
it seemed he was remembering the very same thing , though she could n't tell if he was disliking the idea of her leaving as much as she was .
which was a stupid thing to say .
` ` okay , let 's get one thing straight ~ no guy is out of your league ! ''
the one thing i had told myself last night was that i was n't going to let you sleep with anyone .
she always knew the right thing to say to me to both comfort me and lead me in the right direction .
` ` wow , that was kind of deep , '' was the first thing i could come up with to say .
dumbfounded by the entire conversation , the only thing that came to my head to say was , ` ` well , obviously . ''
` ` i love you too '' was the only thing she said and i sighed in relief .
he cocked his head and sucked in his lip ring like he was thinking of just the right thing to say .
at first i wondered if she was going to acknowledge any of the things that i had just said about not just ash , but the whole situation , but just when i was about to say something she began talking as she followed me into one of the changing stalls .
i had no idea what to think about ash showing up at my door , but one thing was for sure - this was by far the strangest night of my life .
i deserved every single thing she said to me and more .
i hoped he was ready for a fight because if there was one thing i knew for sure , it was that scarlett macgregor belonged with me .
that was the last thing i wanted to hear from him .
she could be a brutal bitch and if she said one f**king thing to or about scarlett , i would lose my shit on her .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' was the only thing he said before rolling off of me and disappearing into the bathroom .
there were two things i knew for sure : one , the love i had found with ash was a timeless , eternal love that only came along once in a lifetime .
` ` oh , '' was the only thing i managed to say .
i did n't know the first thing about how the rehabilitation process worked , but two recovering addicts living together did n't seem like such a good idea to me ... or maybe it was , maybe they could support each other and hold the other accountable ...
apparently the emotions and thoughts i had been having were completely normal because the first thing she asked me was , ` ` do you feel like you 're living someone else 's life ? ''
it 's the same thing with him .
` ` it 's a place where i ' m doing book reviews for evie , so that i can tell her all of the things i would ' ve told her if she was here , '' i explained excitedly .
my heart was pounding in my chest , my palms were clammy and sweaty , and my brain was moving so fast with so many things to tell her , that nothing else came out .
` ` and all i can say is wow ; that was the most intense thing i ' ve ever read .
as court pulled back out into traffic , the only thing she could say was , ` ` that has to be a good sign of the happier times to come ! ''
i instantly heard roger saying the same thing to me - do n't be such a bitch , squeak .
whitley : i could say the same thing .
oh my god , he just said the same thing i 'd thought .
you do n't know the first thing about courtney , so you need to shut your mouth , '' i said as i looked over at kevin , who seemed to be trying to get reed 's attention and mine .
my heart dropped a bit because her mouth was saying one thing , but her eyes were saying something totally different .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing about you ! ''
as i made my way down to the barn , i kept hearing the same thing over and over in my head .
` ` oh my god , that is the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` nah , i 'll be at work when you get home , so i 'll make that rice thing you like and put it in the fridge . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i said , saying the only thing i could think of .
she had texted him the same thing everyday : i ' m sorry .
that seemed a strange thing for my imagination to say .
she was the first thing that came to his mind .
` ` oh , '' was the only thing i could come up with .
he was thinking the same thing , but it was too late for him .
i hoped that was the correct thing to say and that i did n't sound like an idiot , because i sure felt like one .
he must have been thinking the same thing .
i also understood that he needed backup if it was true , and grant was his brother - or the closest thing he had to one .
` ` sure thing , prince .
` ` the articles i looked up all said the same thing .
i honestly do n't think i have ever heard him say a negative thing about either one of them .
the only thing i was able to find out was that she was in north carolina , or south carolina , living with her mom 's parents .
i have nothing to say to him , not one thing .
` ` sure thing , tyler . ''
he was going to be late that day and the only thing i could think was , finally ... finally i can see dee .
you did not tell me a f**king thing about how bad it was , greg .
sometimes , dreams do n't let you down because that is the only thing i have been waiting to hear since the day he left me forever .
i have n't asked , but i do know one thing , even if they are best f**king friends , exchanging friendship necklaces and shit , he wo n't be the one in charge of protecting my izzy anymore .
we sit there and silently offer the only thing we can .
his body stills when i place my lips against his back and whisper the only thing i can think of , ` ` it 's okay , ax .
that last thing i heard from my inside guy , was that old man went balls to the f**king wall mad .
the only thing i can think of is that , i put that peacefulness in his tone and together we are finally where we are meant to be .
` ` sure thing babe !
i can tell that is the wrong thing to say when her face gets all contorted and bright red .
when my come shoots into the condom , the only thing i can think of is how much i regret taking mandy again .
i have stupidly just let it all out and if she has been there long enough , she knows the one thing that i am keeping from my girl , the one thing that might have the power to come between us .
sure thing , darling .
with a tone that gives even me the chills , i bite out the only f**king thing i care about .
i would ' ve gotten away with it , but when i shift on my seat , and my throbbing cl*t rubs against my dress , his eyes snap my way , and i blurt the first thing that comes to my mind .
i ' m pretty sure that beck is the closest thing that i will ever have to happiness , but after today , there is no way in hell that i ' m taking that chance .
the last thing he said to me before he gave me one more kick in the ribs was to stay away from izzy , or he would kill her .
the only thing i ' ve thought of is the deep - seated worry that , one day we would show up at her house , and she would be gone .
i know there is n't anything i can say right now to make it better , so i just hold her , offering her the one thing i wish she would take and never let go of .
she asks me a few more things that i weakly answer before she leaves the room with the promise of sending destiny back in with my pain medication .
the last thing to filter through my mind as i listen to his voice is how lucky i am that he 's even here .
every single thing he just said is true .
so i say the only thing i can think of to make him understand where i am now .
just the thought of your body with my come all over you is the hottest f**king thing you could have just said .
the unsub has n't sent another letter , has n't called , no smoke signals ... not a damn thing .
melissa thinks the same thing as you .
the one thing that coop 's death has driven home is that tomorrow is never promised , and there should never be an excuse to not live your life to the fullest .
` ` sure thing and you call if you need anything .
that 's the last thing to filter through my rage before i pick myself up and throw my body against his again .
to date , that was probably the saddest thing i 'd ever heard .
i bit my lip before saying the first thing that came to mind .
` ` that may be the most romantic thing anyone 's ever said to me , '' he said , tickling at my sides .
so do n't try to sell me the whole i'm - a - cancer thing again because i ' m not buying it . ''
` ` sounds like there 's just one thing to say , '' he said , shifting his weight , staring at me like he did n't recognize me .
just this one thing , and if you still feel the way you do now , i promise i 'll leave you alone . ''
` ` and that was a shitty thing to say to holly .
my dad had said the same thing numerous times when i was younger and lost a favorite toy .
our looks were n't the only thing similar about the two of us - our personalities were so similar she often said the exact thing i was about to .
i said , never prepared for the next thing that came out of holly 's mouth .
and the whole leaving him alone thing was n't happening .
he 'd won a big game , made me feel things a girl should n't spread over the counter of a boy 's bathroom , held his own in an argument with me , and managed to say the exact right thing to calm me down .
that 's the farthest thing away from how i would have described it .
it would be the hardest thing i 'd ever have to say , and the hardest thing i 'd have to live .
it would be the hardest thing i 'd ever have to say , and the hardest thing i 'd have to live .
jude and i had made a lot of mistakes in the history of our relationship , but one thing we always seemed to get right ?
` ` and that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever offered , but i ca n't take money from you guys , lucy .
i might have thought i 'd made the whole thing up if i could n't still taste him on my lips .
` ` as soon as i ' m off the phone with you , i want you to call the newspaper and i want you to find out the name , address , and phone number of the editor , the owner , the a**hole writer who wrote this thing , and the photographer who 's about to be a dead man . ''
unfortunately in this case , my best friend also happened to be the guy i loved , and the guy i loved would fly off the handle - and across the country in a heartbeat - if he knew any other man , anton especially , had said those kinds of things to me .
one thing holly had learned about jude over the years : when he was pissed , he would n't take the time to spell out select words that were n't meant for little ears .
holly was glancing between me and jude , not saying a thing .
there was n't one thing i was certain about anymore .
no matter what happened , no matter what jude did or did n't do , i knew one thing : i was going to be the best damn mom i could be .
i doubted a lot of things , but this was one thing i knew for sure .
` ` pretty much the most romantic thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' i replied .
ryder and jared growled the exact same thing at the exact same time .
it 's not the same thing , but i dated a guy when i first got here .
it 's the first thing i ' ve said to him since we left .
you hid the biggest part of your past and never told me a damn thing !
the scope of dean 's betrayal reaches out and chokes me , years later , and this feels like the same goddamn thing .
` ` uh - huh '' is the only thing he says .
that 's not the kind of thing a girl likes to hear . ''
` ` no , i just thought about that pirate thing you said last night , so i- '' what the hell am i saying ?
sean said the wrong thing .
before i can scold peter for saying such a thing , sean bolts upright and grabs peter by the throat .
he makes me so angry and he does n't listen to a damn thing i say .
peter laughs like that 's the funniest thing he 's ever heard .
it was the right thing to say because she beams .
sam always says the wrong thing and now is no exception .
he laughs and presses a hand to his chest , shocked that i 'd say such a thing .
i reach into my brain and pull out the only thing that 's there .
` ` i did n't read the whole thing .
i forgot about the no hugging thing . ''
it 's as though that was the worst thing i could have possibly said to him .
when did i start telling him every little thing ?
the silence spans between us and my mind latches onto the last thing he said .
i look down at him as if that was the stupidest thing he could have asked .
it 's the same thing i asked him last night .
this is the last thing i want to hear .
last thing i want to hear .
it 's the only thing i can think of to say .
my impression of him lessens with every thing i learn about the guy .
she 'd tell me one thing and dad another .
she 's the only thing that feels right and normal in my entire universe .
the only thing i can offer is a place to stay and even then i still felt like i somehow f**ked up by making the suggestion .
` ` why , drew , i ca n't believe you would say such a thing to me .
i could n't count how many times i 'd said the wrong thing and ended up getting myself in some deep shit .
he 'd said the same thing before .
she called after me , and i finally found my voice and said the first thing that came to my mind .
it was the same thing he 'd said when he pulled me out of the pond .
that was the first thing zack said to me when we got to the hospital .
it was the first thing i 'd said to her directly in a seriously long time .
` ` will you at least tell me one thing ? ''
i 'd asked myself the same thing ever since i 'd started being nice to him .
` ` i ' ve asked myself the same thing every single day . ''
` ` i ' m sure a lot of those girls said the same thing .
we 'd both go back and change the same thing .
zan it was the most shocking thing she 'd ever said .
the note was all hearts and flowers and things he thought i wanted to hear .
then he started laughing as if it was the funniest thing he 'd said in his entire life .
with the whole apology thing ? ''
` ` just let me say one more thing .
i inhaled and said the one thing that scared me the most .
and then she opened her mouth and said the last thing i ever thought she would say .
` ` sure thing , l. '' he tucked her under his arm , and she let herself sink into him , as if he was protecting her from something .
` ` i do n't remember the last thing he said to me .
what if i 'd said something horrible to him and that was the last thing i said to him , before ... '' she did n't finish .
the flowers were nice and everyone said nice things and smiled nice and cried nice and it was all nice , nice , nice .
i had n't told stryker about the first thing .
` ` i know this is the wrong thing to say , at the wrong time .
` ` that is the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me , sweetheart . ''
i was letting myself have a sweet moment with my girlfriend while ric was ... ` ` i do n't want to talk about it right now , but there are some things i need to tell you , '' i said .
i 'd said the same thing when i 'd told her not to go see zack .
that was the first thing that had crossed my mind and the reason i 'd put off asking her in the first place .
i 'd said the exact same thing to her once .
the same thing i ' m saying to you now .
jason standing in front of me , not speaking , not hugging me , his offered silence the best thing he could have given me .
i could listen to the lecture and probably recite the damn thing back to the teacher verbatim .
well , i can tell you it was the best f**king thing i ' ve ever felt . ''
i was gon na say the same thing , but you beat me to it . ''
i was thinking i was hurt , for one thing .
` ` sure thing , beck . ''
i ' m sorry , that was just the funniest thing i ' ve heard in a long time . ''
` ` i agreed to no such thing .
i do n't i ca n't not when that same heartdeep , soulspearing desperation is rooted within me tendrils of sunhot want wrapping around my soul like ivy up a brick wall god , your eyes greener than summer grass greener than moss and sunlit jade sharper than obsidian gentler than clouds and feathertouch they burn into me when we kiss they scorch me when i score your skin with trembling fingernails and i know , i know , i know all too well where all this is going i ' ve seen it happen in my dreams i ' ve seen it play out in the steam - wreathed privacy of my shower where i touch my hot , shivering flesh and imagine it 's you wish it was you it 's been you but not like we both want and that 's where it 's going we 're dancing on the edge of a knife and i want to fall over with you but i ca n't help being a little afraid of the adulthood lying on the other side i ' m afraid of what we ca n't take back of giving away that last piece of my girlhood even to you and yeah , i know , i love you and yeah , i know , you love me but yeah , i know , we 're still just kids we 're as close to junior high as we are college as close to twelve as we are twenty and i do n't want to regret a thing god , i ' m so confused and the only time i ' m sure of anything is when you 're kissing me and then it 's all too easy to forget everything but the way i feel the way you feel so close to me and i ca n't help wondering if that 's the smartest time to make such decisions exactly because i get so lost because it feels so much like falling into love into you and me being in love is scary so much like falling a frightening descent into beautiful madness yes , you and me we 're falling into us and i do n't dare stop the fall because i need it far too much i put the pen down and leaned back in my desk chair , staring out the window at the thick fog of skirling snow , letting the surge of words subside .
that was a dick thing to say . ''
` ` just promise me one thing , okay ? ''
this was the only thing , the best thing she could give him .
my mind scrambles for the right thing to say , but a frantic need to keep her here moves my body first .
but through this , one thing is clear .
but there 's one thing i need to say before i can put this subject to bed .
she says it like it 's the most obvious thing in the world .
` ` hmm , i was just thinking the same thing . ''
i ca n't decide if that 's the saddest or the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard , and yet i ' m destined for a similar fate .
i nod and simply say the only thing i can , ` ` thank you , katherine . ''
i just need to say one thing before you go . ''
` ` sure thing , ' assassin . ' ''
i wonder if he 's thinking the same thing i am - what our lives would be like if i 'd just obeyed our dad back then .
the one thing that finally sent me running scared .
that 's a stupid thing to say .
` ` sure thing , snake . ''
` ` sure thing , mouse . ''
as bad as it felt and as scared as i was , that 's the thing i remember most .
he 's thinking the same thing i am .
not the smoothest thing to say , but i have zero experience in this area .
` ` that 's the most romantic thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
my growled words are the first thing that gets a response .
that 's the most f**ked up thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` sometimes it 's the only thing that gets through . ''
time and again he wondered the same thing .
and now here he was , in her arms , telling her she was still all he could see , and asking her the one thing that would tie them both together forever .
she had texted him everyday , the same thing : i ' m sorry .
` ` she said the same thing to me . ''
my dad asks me about my job , and i say one thing that he does n't like .
she had to keep that one thing from him .
ok , i take back the whole man has manners thing , he is just downright rude .
yep , there it was , the thing i hated the most i just yelled to the man i was falling in love with .
the only thing that came to mind was a cold - hearted bitch that was selfish and only thought of her .
i looked down at my kindle and tried to read , but as i looked at the words , the only thing registering in my mind was connor .
dear ellery , if you 're reading this letter that means one thing that i ' ve gone to be with your mother .
i do know one thing ellery ; i know that you grew into a strong young lady .
the only thing i can tell you is i ' m ok and please do n't worry about me .
` ` tell me one more thing , '' i asked .
i shook my head , ` ` same thing you idiot . ''
she believed the same thing i did .
that was the sexiest thing coming from her , and i started to get aroused .
my head was telling me one thing , but my heart was telling me to bring her home with me .
i tried not to smile , but it was inevitable , because even first thing in the morning , she was a smart ass .
i know that was the wrong thing to say , and i probably should n't have said it .
the only thing i can tell you is i ' m ok , and please do n't worry about me .
it 's almost a six hour flight , and i wanted to be in l.a . first thing in the morning because i did n't know where she was staying .
` ` you must have read my mind , miss lane , because i was just thinking the same thing , '' i smiled back .
she shook her head , ` ` same thing , you idiot . ''
i do n't know the first thing about painting , '' i told her .
i told london that i had told my parents we were going shopping after school , and she 'd told her mom the same thing because she was meeting up with rob at starbucks .
` ` sure thing , miss black . ''
` ` i get the same thing every time i come here , chicken parmesan .
when we first arrived i remember it felt like walking into a sauna , it was so hot and humid ; of course the first thing candice said was , ` ` what am i going to do with my hair ? ! ''
so instead , i said the one thing that was n't , and never would be , a lie .
mason told me i reminded him of his little sister and that is literally the only thing i ' ve heard about either of your families since the weekend you moved here .
i wanted to talk to you , and i had this whole thing planned out that i was going to say , but then i saw you and ... and i ' m just sorry .
` ` yeah , same thing .
` ` no , i ' m pretty sure i heard the entire damn thing . ''
words escaped me for a few seconds and my head quickly shook back and forth as i floundered for the right thing to say .
every damn thing you told us .
that was the funniest thing i ' ve heard in a while . ''
` ` that is the most pathetic , disgusting thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
you do n't know the first thing about me and cass , and you and she did n't know that tyler and i were talking daily while she was there .
that should have been the last thing she needed to say to you .
` ` then i just need to know one more thing , darlin ' . ''
dean 's gaze moved to my face , and i knew that he was realizing the same thing i was .
dean seemed to realize the same thing , slowly .
i talked to everyone and they all told me the same thing - they thought i 'd been sleeping with you to get your vote , and they were shocked when i told them i thought what we had was the real thing . ''
and i kept thinking about how i 'd misinterpreted the whole blarney stone thing , and how i 'd been a bit disappointed when i realized that we would n't be kissing after all .
and really , how could i refute such a sweet thing ?
` ` did you promise the same thing back ? ''
i 'd kinda been thinking the same thing .
judging from the smug expression on derron 's face , he thought the same thing .
` ` or maybe the whole ' gee , katy , do n't forget what we talked about ' thing ? ''
but let 's get one thing straight .
well , if there was one thing i was learning about ty , it was that he was loyal ... and constantly full of surprises .
` ` you 're really taking this ' kinder , gentler ty randall ' thing to heart , are n't you ? ''
wanting to taste me could only mean one thing .
so the only thing i can think is that you 're embarrassed by the fact that you let a guy like me into your pants . ''
marla said the same thing .
` ` which is not the worst thing anyone 's thought about me , '' brodie said with a grin .
that had been the right thing to say .
heck , i 'd probably think the same thing about myself .
i wanted to know if he 'd still say the same thing once we were outside of the house and there was no prize money to be had .
i 'd thought the same thing .
that was ... the perfect thing to say .
mac was obviously thinking the same thing .
` ` i only want to say one thing .
` ` that 's probably the smartest thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
that was the last thing i remembered because it felt like only a minute later i was blinking sore , gritty eyes open in a strange bed in another hotel room .
` ` if one more person says thing , i ' m going to throw my bowl at their head . ''
i could feel his pain because i was wondering the same thing .
with her flirty , outgoing nature she made it look easy , always managing to say just the right thing to incite their enthusiasm .
the only thing the police had on file was the assault that had sent me to hospital .
i had to provide exactly the right amount of flirt , say just the right thing to lead them to believe they had a chance in this life and their next to bang me .
of all the things i imagined could be contained in that envelope - blackmail , photos , a microchip - the last thing i 'd expected was a couple of tickets to nice , france , complete with a note scratched down on the back of a business card .
that was the first true thing i 'd heard him say .
not that he 'd remember a single thing i 'd said in the morning ... ` ` yeah , here 's what i heard . ''
i know because i went through the same thing after i watched my mother die .
i feel the same thing in her eyes that i always felt when i came here , when i slept with her .
because it 's the only thing that makes sense .
i did n't mean to say that out loud , but i felt it was the only thing i had left with which to throw at him .
` ` can you promise one thing ? ''
i listen to him , noticing that he says the same thing to everyone that he said to us and that everyone here is introduced as ' guests of mr . hamburg ' .
my heart is breaking ... . ` ` promise me one thing , '' i say and he turns only his head to look at me .
i have the closest thing to a mother i ' ve ever known .
` ` next thing you 'll be saying is that it was n't me , it was you .
because i am sure of only one thing : sarai can never go home .
i had been thinking about this very thing since i found out that she was in los angeles and after what she had done .
truthfully , that was the last thing i expected her to say .
` ` sure thing , '' she says with a pleased smile .
` ` but that 's hardly the same thing . ''
` ` look , i do need to say one thing to you .
` ` there 's just one more thing i want to say to you . ''
my parents love me , but it 's not the same thing .
i usually say the right thing .
connor told me the same thing this morning . ''
although if i said such a thing to my mother , she 'd have a coronary .
` ` when i told her i wanted to do a reality show to help fizzle and calloway couture , the first thing she said was , it 'd better work , and if it does n't , then i have two daughters that have ruined the calloway name . ''
i say one thing about your mother and you throw a tantrum . ''
i say only one thing with my gaze .
she 's crazy to believe such a horrible f**king thing .
last time i questioned about the cake , rose almost went manic , spouting off things that her mother told her in a discordant mess .
so i prepare to admit the one thing that could cause her to storm out , pack her bags , sleep in daisy 's room and maybe even sling my clothes out the window .
ryke and daisy stare at each other for a long moment that 's filled with words i ca n't hear and things i ca n't read .
no one says a thing , we have our brows raised , standing still like what the hell ?
i picture the same thing .
the first thing that comes out of my mouth is impudent and juvenile .
i said the same thing to her once .
it was the most civil thing i could manage to say to her .
and when i would finally catch on , picking up whatever thing i got into my head that week for him to teach me , he would pat me on the head , give me that smile that i craved , and say softly , ` ` good job , lana .
what crazy thing did she say to you ? ''
i wanted to giggle at the ridiculous thing i 'd gotten him to say , but my breath caught in my throat .
` ` you can thank me later , since i ' m feeling generous , '' was the first thing she said as she rejoined us .
instead , my eyes locked on the porcelain cat cookie jar i 'd inherited from my great grandmother , and my brain created a ridiculous excuse out of the first thing that came to my mind .
kelsey hugged me , and it felt like one of those moments where we were supposed to be bonding or connecting or thinking about the same thing , but since everything on my side was a lie , i just hugged her back , and tried to pretend she was comforting me about my awkwardness .
where kelsey was the friend who dragged me out to bars and encouraged stupid behavior , cade was the friend who always knew the right thing to say .
dom pulled me to my feet against my will , and said , ` ` sure thing , garrick . ''
not a thing showed on his face .
clearly , i needed to learn to stop saying the first thing that popped into my mind .
um ... she 's gray and adorable and her name is ... ` ` i said the first thing that popped into my head , ` ` hamlet . ''
i should have said something , but the only thing on the tip of my tongue was a sob , and it took all of my energy , all of my concentration to hold that inside .
sometimes , saying the first thing that came to mind went well .
we 'd implied it , sure , with the whole ' one month ' thing , but we had n't really had that conversation for real .
whether i ' m inside you or lying beside you or touching your hair or listening to you laugh , it all means the same thing .
no need to translate every bleeding thing i say .
for the life of me though , i could n't think of a single thing to say .
i smoothed a hand over her hair and said the only thing i could .
and the last thing .
` ` you said almost the same thing to me on the first night we met , on the night we kissed .
but there was one thing that would always be true about me .
i 'd not been there yet , as it was kind of a long trek from my apartment up by the temple campus and because i did n't drink coffee , but i 'd heard good things .
max gave a nearly inaudible ` ` thank you , '' and it was the only thing she said for the rest of dinner .
dad asked , ` ` what horrible thing ? ''
i 'd almost told him a dozen times , but those three words are the kind of thing you ca n't take back .
` ` listen , i get the whole protective thing .
my arm brushed his , and the sensation went straight to my head , electric and fuzzy , so i said the first thing i thought of .
i did n't try again for fear of what offensive thing i might say by accident .
i had learned one thing the night before ... jenny and i were really alike .
i think it was the most honest thing you ' ve said to me .
i passed through , waiting for the pull , the tug to turn around and say one more thing or see him one more time .
the first thing that pops into your head , and do it . ''
it was n't quite the effortless happiness of college , but it was certainly the closest thing i 'd felt in a long time .
` ` the only people for me are the mad ones , the ones who are mad to live , mad to talk , mad to be saved , desirous of everything at the same time , the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing , but burn , burn , burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars . ''
that was the thing i could n't change .
not the most romantic thing to say , but it was honest .
he pressed his forehead against mine , and that thing that tore inside of me was so loud that it had to be real .
the only thing i could think of was that this was the price of trying to be whole again .
` ` if you 'll tell me one thing . ''
` ` sticking with the whole personal attire thing ... '' he said , glancing at me .
i could n't slip a single thing past jesse .
i appreciated the whole gentleman thing he was keeping with , but the clothing was really starting to get in the way of things .
man , it was a cheesy thing to think , but jesse was the only one i saw out there .
i knew how pathetic that sounded - an eighteen - year - old girl who 'd ` ` dated '' dozens of guys was n't used to hearing nice things or getting an occasional rose or something - but it was the truth .
if there was a god , i knew one thing : he 'd been on vacation the day someone invented country music .
` ` that is the coolest thing anyone 's ever said to me .
jesse studied my face , like he was trying to remain objective about the whole thing but he failed .
the next thing that overwhelmed me ?
` ` the whole you - can't - run - away - when - things - get - serious thing . ''
she gave me the closest thing to a smirk lily could make .
` ` because i swear to god , you say the exact perfect thing at the right time . ''
the next thing that worked its way to the front of my mind had me lifting my legs up to my chest and curling into an upright ball .
i ' m sorry seems like the worst possible thing i could say .
one other thing i 'd learned the trial - and - error way ?
that whole ` ` running out of luck '' thing i worried about did n't only apply to jesse driving across two state lines late at night .
i 'd been growing accustomed to that sensation , and it could only mean one thing .
` ` wrong thing to say , big guy . ''
` ` way wrong thing to say . ''
i waited a minute for him to expound on that ` ` one exception '' thing , but my patience ran out .
i heard the damn thing in his voice .
what was done was done , it was behind all of us , and the only thing that would come of them finding out about garth and josie was disappointment and maybe a bit of grudge holding .
there 's no such thing as expiration - free love . ''
of course , the pessimistic critic inside of me picked that one thing to run with .
for the love of god , i hoped she 'd changed her mind about the whole ` ` not letting garth win '' thing .
` ` shit , garth '' -i sat up and dusted myself off- '' i take back that whole ' i want you on my side ' thing . ''
` ` jess , that 's the first responsible thing i ' ve heard you say in weeks . ''
the only thing that slipped free , the only thing i could n't hold back , was , ` ` i ' m sorry . ''
the only thing that slipped free , the only thing i could n't hold back , was , ` ` i ' m sorry . ''
` ` while i ' m working that out in my head , tell me one thing , black .
it was an inexplicable feeling , and the only thing i was more sure of than i broke was my desire to never experience it again .
maybe it had been my way of protecting them from the storm i felt coming , or maybe it was something totally out of my control , but despite being conflicted about it , i knew one thing : i was relieved it had happened .
` ` now it looks like i ' m the one calling you out on the same thing .
that was just the first thing to come out of my mouth .
` ` jesse , there 's one more thing i wanted to tell you , '' i said , needing to get everything off of my chest before we could properly celebrate .
the only thing i was more sure of was that i spelled even more doom for her .
i was n't made to give and accept that kind of thing .
give me enough credit that i ' m too self - centered to do something like that because really , i ca n't take another person treating me like i ' m going to implode if they say the wrong thing . ''
` ` the only thing clay ever said to me that was n't insulting , derogatory , or slurred in a drunken haze , was that men like him and me - men without land or cattle or a lot of money - could only find glory one way . ''
the next thing josie hissed was n't a shoot .
` ` yeah , but there have been plenty of times when you ' ve said one thing and done the other .
you ca n't give me - me - the same thing ? ''
i only heard one thing in what she 'd just said - wonderful - and it made me smile .
one thing i needed to say .
that 's just the saddest thing i ' ve ever heard , especially since you ' ve loved her for so long . ''
the thing they did n't know , or what they 'd never be able to fully understand , was how i felt about her .
` ` do n't worry ; i wo n't tell her a thing . ''
i thought that was an odd thing to say , and i wondered what she meant by it .
` ` i hate to say this , lily , and i know your therapist is going to tell you the same thing , but you need to talk to brynn to let go and get closure .
i told you the same thing about your mom , and look how that turned out .
it was killer to have a friend in the same field ; i had a plethora of ink on my skin that ranged from great to not so great that chronicled nash getting better and better at his craft and he could state the exact same thing .
rowdy was the one who asked the question but nash and jet both looked like they wanted to ask the same thing .
i could care less what he looks like because he is n't anybody 's puppet and the same thing can not be said about you .
it stung because on the last trip to brookside rule had said pretty much the same thing .
of all the things i had ever thought about shaw , the fact that she would go off like a bottle rocket when touched just right would have never been one of them .
oh man was that the hottest thing i had ever heard , ever .
i think that was the nicest thing anyone had ever said to me .
` ` that 's a really nice thing to say . ''
it was the most thoughtful thing anyone has ever said to me and i was about to go all weepy female on him and blubber out how wonderful everything he said was and how much he meant to me , well either that or i was going to yank his clothes off and have at him right there in the kitchen .
the hood had the word ' whore ' in huge letters and along each side of the car from front to trunk were variations on the same thing .
they were all variations on the same thing , where are you , what are you doing , why are n't you answering , should i come by , are you going to come by ?
i shrieked because apparently bringing up rule was the wrong thing to say .
` ` the only thing i think he wants . ''
it made my blood thunder in my ears and i was n't sure i was going to make it to the bed when her sharp little teeth clamped down on my ear and she started whispering every dirty thing i ever wanted to hear into my ear .
i just think it 's so cute how you hang out with all those superhot , superyummy boys and yet you do n't know the first thing about wrapping one around your finger .
i thought we were family , that the shop was home , but everyone knew and no one ever said a thing .
it was pretty much the same thing nash had told me yesterday , but understanding that they were right , and being able to just put it down and walk away , were two different things entirely .
so i told her the same thing i told nash , ` ` she 's my mom . ''
i asked for one thing .
there is no such thing , girl .
the last thing you want to do is be five years down the road and look back and wonder what could have happened .
i was so used to being called a whore , a slut , white trash , and all the things that just went along with the life i was living , that it did n't even occur to me until it was almost too late , that leaving the place where i was that girl would mean leaving all of that behind .
one thing was clear to me now , this man had never helped me out of the pure goodness of his heart .
the only thing i wanted , the only thing that mattered , did n't think we were right for each other and that 's where i seemed to be stuck .
the only thing i wanted , the only thing that mattered , did n't think we were right for each other and that 's where i seemed to be stuck .
that way , if she does n't want me there she can just tell me , and it does n't have to be some long , drawn - out thing . ''
i looked down at ayden and i could tell she was more than likely thinking the same thing .
the worst thing i did to him was flip him off .
maggie : this is exactly why i never whine to you about it , because it always comes back to this same thing .
something i keep on wondering why i ca n't say ' bye to you and the only thing i can think of is the truth it 's hard to start over , keep checkin ' that rearview , too but something 's coming something right for you just wait a bit longer you 'll find something you wanted something you needed something you want to have repeated oh , that feeling 's all right you 'll find that if you listen between all the kissing what made it work wound up messing that seems about right i guess i thought that we would always stay the same and i can tell that you find somebody to blame and i know in my heart , in my mind , it 's all a game our hopes and wishes wo n't relight the flame just wait a bit longer you 'll find something you wanted something you needed something you want to have repeated oh , that feeling 's all right .
me : just promise me one thing .
trying to ignore the things you say you turn to me i turn away hurts to see you every day smell your perfume on my bed thoughts of you invade my head truths are written , never said ridge picks up the pen and marks through the last line , then tilts his head to face me .
ridge : can we not do the thing where we brush it under the rug and act like it never happened , because i do n't think that 's going to work with us .
if there 's one thing i 'd like to hear from him , it 's an apology .
i glance up at her without being too obvious about it and write the first thing that comes to mind .
i give her the address , because it 's the only thing i know , and she begins firing more questions i do n't know how to communicate to him .
i wanted her to give me a reason to be angry , because right now , my heart is breaking for her , and i know there is n't a damn thing i could say to make her better .
it 's the very last thing i messaged her .
every single thing she 's saying is not only breaking my heart , but it feels as if it 's also breaking the heart within my heart .
mostly because his words are so innocent and sweet compared to the things he 's written on me in the past .
the last thing he said in his letter to me was just say when .
` ` tell me one thing : why do you have a baseball bat ? ''
although the things the group had said about her were amusing as hell , i got the impression that once she knew my brother was jax stone , that would be the only thing she 'd care about .
one thing i swore , he 'd never own my instincts - never own something so powerful .
oh , my god , what made me say such a thing ?
franco would never betray q. i had to know one thing , though .
my thoughts shrivelled up , my breathing went shallow , and the last thing i heard sent my hopes directly to hell .
` ` she did n't tame me , she- '' i stopped mid - sentence , swallowing back the pansy thing i was about to say .
every single trafficker , every single man i 'd ever accepted a bribe from and not one of them knew a f**king thing .
i 'll pretend this never happened and i wo n't tell the wolverine a thing . ''
what a f**king stupid thing to say .
q captured my chin , holding me still and every single abhorrent thing i 'd done smothered me , sending me into a free - fall .
i licked my lips , searching her eyes for the one thing i needed to see .
what a f**king blasphemous thing to say .
i could n't say a f**king thing , only gasp like a dying fish .
each time she hit me , her voice rose and cracked until finally , the one thing i 'd been waiting for , begging for , started to fall .
that was the only thing that came to mind .
that was without a doubt the hardest thing i had ever listened to , and to make it worse mace blamed himself to the fullest extent .
after exhausting all avenues , i sat on her back porch waiting for her to come home or call , text me back any damn thing .
scar looked at me cautiously but did n't say a thing .
the only thing i managed to get out was your name before i passed out again .
i could never have taken the whole thing , but i did the best i could with my hand and the seal of my lips .
` ` okay , '' hannah said , ` ` so the next thing .
another thing i was learning about matt : this guarded , dark look in his eyes meant only one thing .
` ` lexi , that 's a stupid thing to say , though , because you 're going to be fine . ''
it 's the last thing i say to her , and i wish it was the last thing i ever say .
it 's the last thing i say to her , and i wish it was the last thing i ever say .
it 's not a friend thing to say .
it 's a flirty , i'm - going - to - try - and - fuck - you - later thing to say .
` ` that thing about being the driver ? ''
i want to say something comforting , but i ca n't think of anything , so i say the first random thing that pops into my head .
` ` i know , '' i say , letting out a loud exhale and say the only thing i can think of .
he gives me a big , goofy grin that looks so out of place on his face it can probably only mean one thing .
` ` i think that- '' his lips collide with mine and it 's the final thing we say to each other .
i ' m not sure if he hears me , but it 's the realest thing i ' ve ever said .
` ` and take care of yourself , '' i tell him , which seems like a really silly , cliche thing to say , but it 's all i can say right now .
` ` you always know the exact right thing to say . ''
we 'd bonded over a third thing : the big c. while i lost mom to it , nate lost his childhood sweetheart to lymphoma .
nate did n't say a thing .
hoarse with arousal , i said the first thing that came into my head : ' you inside me . '
to my chagrin , the first thing ellie said was , ' so ?
i had actually thought the same thing myself , but hearing him say it - the suggestion that i was no more special than a random woman he 'd meet at a bar - was a lash across the wound he 'd opened in my chest .
' you know i was just thinking that exact same thing . '
` ` how many times do i have to tell you the same thing ?
she pressed her lips together before blurting out , ` ` it 's all wrapped up in the same thing .
but i need to tell her one thing and then she 'll give you back the phone , okay ? ''
it was an unspoken thing we all reached for , that tenth season , which equaled full pension benefits .
` ` it 's always the same thing .
` ` i do n't know how the hell i got here and you expect me to remember the last thing i ate ? ''
it felt like the least romantic thing i could have blurted out but dude , when a dude 's got ta go , a dude 's got ta go .
oh , god is the right thing to say , trevor . ''
trevor was leaving , this madness was done , and my life ... well , the cliched thing to say would be my life would never be the same but that was a big load of shit and i knew it .
instinct made me want to reach out and say the right thing , to comfort her , but what are you supposed to say ?
that was the right thing to say , because he relaxed and turned on his side again .
i did n't have any siblings - josie was seven years older and the closest thing i had to a sister - so i could n't imagine what trevor 's life had been like , having a brother with autism and having that brother up and disappear when he was little .
what i wanted to say was , stay , please stay and the next thing i wanted to say was take me with you but if i could get a song , an acoustic performance of my favorite song from random acts of crazy - if he could give me that , i could give myself permission to ask for it .
` ` just remember one thing , darla , '' she said before i hung up .
a smoky , dusky look in his eyes obscured whatever he was feeling and at the same time transmitted enough for me to know that we were definitely thinking the same thing .
which brings me to the next thing that you really need to know about bookish girls , and it 's this - librarians are hot .
` ` there 's no such thing as unconditional love . ''
witty , i was , first thing in the morning .
` ` and the last thing i ' m gon na say on this , because it 's really your problem , if morals do n't interest you , how about hooking up with a chick who 's at least nice to you for a change ?
` ` i ' m not telling you another goddamned thing . ''
a moment passed , and jax knew they were both wondering the same thing : the true identity of the other .
` ` well , that 's a pretty ridiculous thing to say , considering ... '' a place deep in jax 's belly softened .
that him leaving her was the best thing that had ever happened in her life .
but i ca n't , because it 's crazy to think such a thing , let alone say it .
it 's the wrong thing to say .
i need to either believe him or not , but i ca n't keep asking him the same thing over and over again .
i reach for the envelope , pull out the last thing inside of it .
i wait him out as long as i can , but eventually the silence gets to be too much for me and i blurt out the first thing that comes to mind .
i laugh then , a dark , tortured kind of thing .
i purr the closest thing to a yes that i can manage .
i can tell from his face that that 's the last thing he expected me to say .
there are names of organizations to boycott , names of public figures who said the wrong thing , including one name that matters very much to me .
i ca n't say a damn thing .
it 's the kind of thing kids ask , the kind of insecurity high school girls have . ''
i think the same thing about you .
they stand on the front lawn and in the street holding signs that say wonderful things like : ` ` ressurect morality '' ` ` pornogrphers will perish '' ` ` lust is a drug ` ` and my personal favorite : ` ` abby gray : the hampton whore '' i ' m sitting with gus and jack in the conference room .
then she starts laughing like that was the funniest thing she 's ever heard .
with his hands draped over his knees , he said , ` ` miss tyndale , there is one thing i know beyond a shadow of a doubt - you did what was right .
` ` think about it , abby , '' was the last thing he said before taking me by the hand and walking up toward the studio .
i asked , shocked he 'd say such a thing .
the last thing i wanted to say was no .
he smiled , ` ` promise me one thing , though .
` ` i swear to god , abby , if you say another thing i 'll tease you for the next two days and not let you come once . ''
kate started to groan , obviously stuck on the first thing i said .
` ` there 's one thing i 'd like to add , '' he purred .
the last thing he said was , ` ` get abby 's name out of this and make it so it never happened . ''
it was the first thing i 'd said since our conversation yesterday .
not the kind of thing a jackass would say .
they say one thing , then do another . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , slade , that was a rotten thing for me to say .
like he 'd never wrung an orgasm from her body , or whispered naughty things in her ear , or kissed her like he was starving and she was the only thing standing behind survival and death .
` ` i denied the whole thing !
listen , kate , i know this whole thing is confusing , but i ' m going to tell you one thing : i ' ve never seen you look so happy before . ''
` ` at least i thought there was no such thing .
i was telling trystan the same thing . ''
it 's the same thing it 's been with every girl .
the way she was looking at him , the way her mouth was so close to his , made him think that she might be thinking the same thing , but he could n't believe that any more .
_ _ _ _ _ i replayed the whole thing over again in my mind as i walked to class in a daze .
` ` an actor- '' ` ` same thing , '' katie said .
if there was ever a wrong thing to say , that was it .
trystan managed to finish saying the snarky sea brine thing before retaliating .
` ` well , same thing for me .
` ` that 's the only thing you ' ve got to say ?
she 's speaking , but the only thing that he can think is that he wo n't have to buy semi - perished food from sam ever again .
sophia tilts her head , like that is the most ridiculous thing she 's ever heard .
his words say one thing , but his tone says something else .
it 's the most brazen thing i ' ve ever said to someone 's face .
i feel bad saying such a thing .
` ` it 's not the same thing , '' i say coolly .
that feels like the stupidest thing to have said .
and i ' m not telling you a thing , '' i snap and walk away .
his face lights up like i said the funniest thing ever , ` ` what are you talking about , lamore ?
i say the first thing that flies into my head , ` ` to your appreciation for women , but not women 's clothes .
part of me wants to ignore the whole thing and not deal with the drama , because since i met cole i ' ve noticed that is the one thing he promises - lots of drama .
he nods once and says , ` ` sure thing .
do n't make me think one thing and then do another .
some jackass has been stalking me , and you do n't believe a damn thing i ' m saying .
` ` there 's one other thing she forgot to add to that list : be nice to jesse , who is the best friend i never had . ''
that was like the worst thing she could have said .
` ` edward said the same thing .
they poke me , ask me things that i know - like my name , when i was born , and that kind of thing .
` ` i 'd say the same thing about you .
it gets old fast but the one thing i ' ve learned is to take advantage of anything you can while you can because you may not have the opportunity to do it for awhile which means i recommend we shower , then take any dirty clothes we have to the laundromat close by . ''
` ` i think that is just about the sexiest thing i think has ever come out of a man 's mouth , '' i blurted .
` ` oh , baby , one thing you got ta ' learn about me is i do n't shake hands . ''
it was the furthest thing from my mind but it was the most wonderful thing i could have possibly gotten .
we were always telling each other that but i ' m not sure it meant quite the same thing coming from her as it did when i said it .
and that 's the most painful thing to admit to myself .
` ` funny , i was just thinking the same thing about finding you . ''
tom 's treating me with such distance was one thing , something i could forgive .
` ` what a dickish thing to say . ''
` ` what a prude thing to say . ''
` ` what 's with the no sex thing ?
` ` and you think that 's the best thing to say to get me to open the door ? ''
it 's the only thing he says about her , about cassie .
that was the last thing i expected him to say , and apparently beth thinks so too .
my head spins and i blink it away , trying not to jump to conclusions , but it can only mean one thing .
there 's one thing i never told him , one thing i could n't manage to confess , and since it 's clear that i ' m never going to see him again , i say it .
there 's one thing i never told him , one thing i could n't manage to confess , and since it 's clear that i ' m never going to see him again , i say it .
you do n't understand the first thing about me .
one thing timothy is adamant about is no photographers and no journalists , ever .
it 's the worst possible thing he can say to me .
it 's the only true thing i know right now .
` ` i ' m not trying to be difficult , i just- '' ` ` tell me one true thing . ''
i know only one thing for sure : i want more .
` ` then you tell me one true thing about you . ''
but i 'll show you what i mean when i say ' one true thing . '
he 's asked me several times to tell him one true thing , and so now i do .
i tell him one true thing , not with words , but with something more tangible , something that comes from deeper within me .
she introduces herself as violet , which is just the most apropos thing i can imagine .
if there was one thing i could say about sylvie , it was that her taste in men sucked almost as much as mine .
i realized i had just said the most stupid thing ever and probably managed to inflate his ego even more .
` ` one thing 's for sure , brooke .
i could say the same thing about him .
` ` the spreadsheet 's the only thing you found so far ? ''
` ` that 's the most stupid thing i ' ve heard .
he kissed both cheeks and my lips , then leaned away to look in my eyes again , ` ` can you tell me one thing though ?
he 'd left me ten voicemails and dozens of texts last night apologizing , and i had n't said one thing back to him .
` ` harper , can you tell me one thing ? ''
when i walked into the kitchen mom and bree were thrilled at my outfit because they knew this could only mean one thing and mom came up to pat my baby bump .
brandon would n't even say hi to me when he called afterward , first thing out of his mouth was always , ` ` i love you .
` ` one day , we 're sitting down and you 're telling me the whole damn thing . ''
i mean like literally , it was the first thing she said .
sir whispered , his tear - filled eyes never leaving mine , ` ` it was the exact same thing janet 's parents told her when we found out she was pregnant with you .
` ` then get this , cutest damn thing i ' ve ever heard , she more or less tells me that if i touch her , she is going to chop my dick off . ''
and other than wanting her to be with me , i did n't have a legitimate thing to say against brandon .
i wanted to ask her the same thing .
i was trying so hard to hold back , my whole body was shaking with silent laughter , but then he said the one thing that should never be said in front of brandon , or me , and i went rigid .
god ... sweetest fuckin ' thing you ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` i know you can , it 's not the same thing . ''
if it 's on the list , we have to do it and we have to cross off one thing at least once a week .
` ` i just have to say one more thing . ''
` ` you left your shit in the garage , '' is the first thing he says to me .
` ` she 's drunk enough that she wo n't remember a thing , which makes any touching on your part wrong . ''
seth says , ` ` should n't i be saying the same thing to you ? ''
` ` what 's that thing he used to say all the time ? ''
even when he was still my father , he would nitpick every little thing i did and tell me i was wrong a lot .
she made the whole thing up .
` ` dude , i ca n't pronounce a single thing on this menu . ''
i ' m considering telling him the same thing about lila and him .
i 'd said the right thing and she was relaxed and happy , which had been my goal .
the house is freezing and the sound of music flows through the air : ` ` one thing '' by finger eleven .
` ` you know that 's the most honest thing you ' ve said to me . ''
` ` i want it more than anything , just as long as you promise me one thing . ''
` ` okay , so my family has this tradition where we all go around and say one thing that we 're thankful for . ''
with the next thing i try to add , she quickly tries to stop me .
i do n't want to endure one more dinner where i ' m told every single thing i ' ve done wrong .
is that why she said that thing about love ?
for one thing we live in two separate worlds : i like nice things and ethan is very unmaterialistic .
she wants the same thing she wanted from me seven or eight months ago .
she 's been saying the same thing to me ever since i announced my sudden decision to move to vegas and attend unlv over a year and a half ago .
i ca n't feel a single thing , do n't want to .
` ` you know i get the whole substance - abuse thing . ''
` ` so , '' i start , realizing it 's probably the stupidest thing to say at the moment , but honestly anything that comes out of my mouth is going to annoy her .
he nods again and then backs away and the simplicity that i 'd been feeling just moments ago evaporates and i ' m left with a massive void in my chest and only one thing will fill it .
she rolls her eyes like she 's saying the most ridiculous thing that 's ever existed , but really , it 's the truth .
i want one thing right now and only one thing and when the door swings open , that 's what i say .
i want one thing right now and only one thing and when the door swings open , that 's what i say .
i hated that every guy in that damn place she works at is going to be thinking the same things as me .
` ` you know , if i ' ve learned one thing through this whole ordeal it 's that sometimes you ca n't make things happen , even if you want them to .
i ' m thinking the exact same thing .
i wait for her to speak first , because i do n't know enough about what 's going on in her head to know what the right thing to say is .
` ` but i could n't talk to you until i thought of the right thing to say . ''
he mutters an ` ` i love you '' over the lyrics of ` ` the river , '' by manchester orchestra , and i utter the same thing back as he devours me with his hands and mouth .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' i tell him because it 's the only thing i can think of to say .
it 's not the first time this sort of thing has happened , but ella is always the first thing to come to mind , which makes it more important for me to regain control .
being stupid is one thing .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , my sexual life is none of your goddamn business and if you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you wo n't mention that video to me ever again . ''
i know she 's just saying it to be nice , but we 're both thinking the same thing .
` ` tell me what happened , and do n't leave a thing out . ''
i do n't expect him to follow me or say a damn thing .
it 's not the same thing , but it 'll be better than nothing .
you go into a situation thinking one thing , but then everything changes , and nothing goes the way you planned . ''
marty blinks , like that 's the craziest thing he 's ever heard .
` ` that 's the saddest thing i ' ve ever heard .
he makes a super g*y gesture and winks at me , like it 's the most preposterous thing he 's ever heard .
` ` first thing he says is , ' what do you want to eat ? '
he seems stunned , like i shocked him by saying such a thing .
they keep coming back to one thing .
i laugh , like that 's most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard .
i must have said the right thing , because he slips his fingers out of me and shifts his hips .
things just were n't meant to be , which seems like a pansy - ass thing to say , until it happens to you .
holy f**k did i say the wrong thing .
it does n't matter of i ' m bored out of my mind , or if i understand a thing he 's said .
the things he 's said that do n't make sense start to snap into place .
this is the closest thing i 'll ever have to the comfort of hearing my mom 's voice and feeling her arms around me again .
i hiss in her ear , ` ` that was like the worst thing you could have called mel .
the only thing i can think to say is the thought that keeps popping up in my mind .
it 's the closest thing to a hug that i can offer without him taking my head off .
` ` listen , trystan impersonator , i do n't have to tell you a damn thing .
i say what i know , the thing that no one else realizes and the one thing that sean is desperate to forget .
i say what i know , the thing that no one else realizes and the one thing that sean is desperate to forget .
his friends started laughing with him , slapping him on the back like he 'd just said the most clever thing in the world .
i kept reading the same thing over and over again while my thoughts wanted to think about me being ` ` another new woman . ''
but most days , i only knew one thing : i was a horrible con artist .
and as if i was n't damaged enough at that point , a year later my parents sort of forgot about the whole ` ` starting over '' thing and pulled a fast one on a local .
that 's not a very nice thing to insinuate of your niece . ''
` ` you should expect to hear the same thing from me in about five minutes , '' he murmured .
it 's not that i was n't often thinking the exact same thing .
basically , i told him the same thing i told camden ; i was going to san diego for the night to see my friend cindy .
every nice thing he said about me , about my scars , was just a pile of bullshit used as bait .
` ` i do n't have to do a single thing you say , '' i shot back .
she must have stood there for minutes , hearing the whole thing , trying to comprehend how the hell this could happen .
another thing my uncle really did n't need to know .
she had let me be so true and free ( as free as a teenager can be ) but that was the one thing i could never let on - how much i wanted her , needed her .
i glanced over at gus and his furrowed brow told me he was thinking the exact same thing .
instead i nodded , wanting to forget the whole thing .
i did n't know and it was the kind of thing i could never ask for , because the two of us together were as much about deceit as we were about love .
gus looked at me like he was thinking the same thing .
i pasted a smile on my lips and the next thing i said was n't a lie , ` ` yes , it 's the nicest house i ' ve ever seen . ''
i turned and looked at camden who was leaning over my seat , hearing the whole thing .
` ` well , that 's pretty much the same thing , is n't it ? ''
my eyes widened and judging from the way that camden narrowed his eyes into a steely gaze , he was realizing the same thing .
tell me every f**king thing you know or i will kill you . ''
he 's as good as dead , a good riddance , and you 're not going to get a single thing out of me because you 're not built for it .
it sounded totally scripted and deadpan , but then i guess i probably would sound like that too , having to say the same thing to passengers every single day .
i wonder if he 's thinking the same thing , wondering about me and wanting to ask , just as i ' m curious about so much when it comes to him .
the first thing he said to me after we met and had our first real conversation was : ' i wonder if the ocean smells different on the other side of the world . '
i laughed at first because i thought it was a weird thing say , but then i realized that simple sentence set him apart from everyone i knew .
my heart is telling me to say one thing .
i know where he 's going , but it was the only thing i could think to say to delay him from leaving my room .
` ` i ' m glad you ca n't sleep to music , '' he says , apparently recalling the first thing i ever said to him and then he leans in and kisses me .
i know this because i ' m feeling the same thing .
one more thing : do n't feel bad for not telling me that you loved me .
so i said the next best thing .
i pressed the palms of my hands against my eyes , shocked that i had actually said those things out loud to him .
i know the ' t is better to have loved and lost ' thing is cliche , but it 's still true .
daniel saunders was the closest thing to a father i ever had .
everyone but her seemed to be thinking the same thing , that they wished this summer could go on forever .
` ` how many times do we have to go over this whole ' kitten ' thing ? ''
` ` how many times do we have to go over the eye roll thing ?
if everyone is telling you the same thing , '' my breath hitched , ` ` we ca n't all be wrong . ''
` ` i told her the same thing . ''
` ` he has no idea i made the whole thing up .
` ` sure thing , jack . ''
` ` she did n't tell me a thing ! ''
i laughed because i 'd thought the exact same thing when he picked me up earlier .
cass , just remember one thing ... when life gives you lemons , cut 'em open and squeeze the juice in life 's face ! ! ! ! !
i could n't fight the fact that i 'd been thinking the exact same thing .
i flashed back to meeting gran and gramps for the first time when he 'd said the same thing .
she 'd told me the same thing back in college , but it seemed to carry more weight now .
he says sweet things as his hands rove over my body and he covers me in kisses , before settling between my legs .
` ` i ' m not saying a thing and do n't worry .
instead you wrote a horribly filthy thing and never said a word .
tell me the truth - you had to be thinking the same thing ?
if that does n't put you at ease , record the whole thing so if he tries to throw it back in your face , you can nail him for blackmail .
you can go on telling your lies and i wo n't say a damn thing . ''
there 's one thing i ' m already sure of and it 's that this chick means no when she says no .
that 's probably the wrong thing to say .
i open my mouth , but ca n't think of the right thing to say .
but i ' m not ready for the same thing he is .
this time , i make sure he can see my lips ; although that 's the last thing i want him to see me say .
it 's probably the wrong thing to tell him .
that 's the only thing he needs to know .
` ` i love that little girl more than anything , and i do n't regret one thing about the way she got here , but the pill is about ninety - four percent effective , dumbass . ''
` ` that was the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
there 's one thing i am very certain about : my life is not complete without logan .
my head swims , but there 's one thing i need to know .
` ` the second thing , '' he says .
that 's the hardest thing for him .
i bite my tongue because i do n't want to say the wrong thing .
` ` and do n't you say a thing to her about it . ''
that 's the best f**king thing i ' ve ever heard in my life .
there is one thing , though , that i can certainly admit is a plus about being outdoors - and it 's the fourth thing i ' ve learned during this trip and the one thing that i 'll miss when we head back to vegas tomorrow - the beauty of the night sky .
okay , so maybe i ' ve learned five things and have one more thing that i 'll miss : ( 5 ) being with ethan all the time - as long as ethan 's with me , i ' m fine with being cold , getting covered in pine needles , and eating beans straight from a can .
the only thing i am sure about is that i never , ever want to lose lila .
that i want to be with her forever , because i know i do , but images of my mom and dad screaming at each other surface and then i picture lila and me in the same place , yelling at each other because i want one thing and she wants something else .
she kisses me until i become breathless , which is the f**king pussiest thing to say , yet it 's f**king happening .
i pull her in for a quick kiss and then rest my forehead against hers , shutting my eyes , preparing myself for the next thing i ' m going to say .
and if i have to decide one thing right now about my future , it 's that i want to be with her .
maybe i only need to be sure about one thing .
and that was the last thing dingane said to me almost the entire journey .
i could n't blame him because i was thinking the same thing .
` ` promise me one thing , '' she requested .
` ` ... her , '' was the only thing i caught of whatever jonah was saying .
i think that 's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me . ''
i had n't expected her to be receptive at all , so i just went with the first thing i could think of .
` ` what a thing to say . ''
i wanted the full thing .
this was a hard thing for him to say , he so hated doing anything that might cause me pain .
he had just said the oddest thing in the kitchen too .
maybe there was no such thing as innocent flirting .
it was the closest thing to a love song i 'd ever heard from the band .
i forced myself to focus on something else , and blurted out the first thing that popped into my head .
unknowingly , he was asking me the same thing denny just had .
that was the most beautiful , heartbreaking thing i 'd ever heard ; more intense and emotional than anything i 'd ever heard him sing .
i sighed again , knowing i 'd thought the exact same thing earlier .
i was wrong before , this was the most comforting thing ever .
` ` i was going to say the exact same thing . ''
the only thing i was certain of , was that rain knew my boyfriend in ways that most women around here seemed to know my boyfriend .
` ` i was sitting here , sort of thinking the same thing anyway . ''
adding that to the one that joyfully pronounced pregnant and it could only mean one thing .
i thought about kellan and the thing he was hiding from me .
bringing his face right into mine , he seethed , ` ` if you 're still going to try denying that you slept with denny , then go ahead , kiera ... tell me the only thing you can .
but there was one thing i could do ... one thing that i could help to give him .
they all stared at me , shocked , and i felt a flutter in my stomach that i 'd confessed such a personal thing to complete strangers .
leaning down , his breath hot against my skin , he murmured in my ear , ` ` that is the hottest thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
that was one thing i was absolutely certain of .
i suppose that should be an easier thing to tell him than confessing about kellan 's sex tape , but somehow , it felt harder .
surprisingly , they both said the exact same thing , only in completely different ways .
when i felt more composed , i looked up at him and said the first thing that popped into my head .
he was really getting sick and tired of answering the same thing city after city .
anna must have been thinking the same thing .
` ` sure thing , love . ''
` ` i was going to say the same thing .
i was starting to think the same thing , but a couple of the girls saw us and alerted the rest .
it was bad enough when i accidentally heard the real thing ; anna and griffin were not quiet lovers .
` ` the friends with benefits thing never works . ''
that was an a**hole thing to say . ''
i did n't do the girlfriend thing , and the fuck - buddy thing was full of land mines .
i could n't keep a thing from either of them for long .
something compelling brought him here , and you and jared showing up together is the only thing that comes to mind . ''
chapter twenty - one ` ` you need longer hair , '' was the first brilliant thing i managed to gasp , long moments after i 'd finished .
i was thankful that dreadful thing was n't for me , but it still made me shiver to hear it .
my next boyfriend was a slight variation of pretty much the same damn thing . ''
` ` probably not the sort of thing you want to hear about someone you ' ve slept with .
he moved back into position , easing into me , whispering rough , dirty , sweet things to me all the while .
` ` mmmm , '' was the closest thing i had to an answer .
it was basically a variation of the same thing ; i love you , i miss you , come see me .
we 'd both gotten to the saying sweet things to each other ' phase of our drunk .
` ` you do n't have to change a thing .
even drunk , i could see that his eyes were glassy like they got when he was high , but i still thought it was the sweetest thing i 'd ever heard .
the complete hypocritical nerve of him , saying a thing like that , embarrassing me without a qualm .
i do n't have a thing to say about him that is n't filled with affection .
just as i could read a different meaning into every one of tristan 's smiles , dean 's only ever meant one thing .
` ` if you make it through today , if i decide to let you f**king breathe after this , i want you to remember one thing : you touch that girl again , you 're dead .
i like to pretend there was never a nat , so i get it , but you ca n't turn into a caveman every time i say the wrong thing . ''
i shut my eyes tight , hating that i could never keep any stupid thing to myself .
i could n't come up with one thing .
he was suffering , but i 'd said the right thing .
i ' m just going to tell you one thing , and then i 'll leave you to it .
she had no reason to make a thing like that up , and she was not a woman that dealt in misinformation .
the thing i had yearned for had been mine without me ever having to ask .
it 's a stupid thing to say because that 's all he ever does , and it 's not about to change because i say the words .
of all the things i could say to him at this moment in time , that is the one thing i want to ask most .
of all the things i could say to him at this moment in time , that is the one thing i want to ask most .
why do all women say that exact same thing when you 're blowing them off ?
` ` there 's no such thing as too pretty . ''
okay , i ' m guessing that was the wrong thing to say .
i wonder if i ' ve said the wrong thing .
it 's a crap thing to say , but really what else is there to say .
` ` only things that i know are a sure thing .
` ` that 's the last thing i 'd ever refer to you as . ''
so i say the only thing i can , ` ` i ' m so sorry , jordan . ''
i ca n't think of a single thing to say to him , so i cover it up by continuously sipping on my drink and pretending to be fascinated by all the people in the club .
something i ' m doing , or just the whole being on a date with me thing ? ''
and i know this is only our first date , and i do n't have a lot of experience in the dating field ... well , when it comes to men in general , but i do know one thing ... when i ' m with someone , i ' m with just them .
that is such a jordan thing to say .
up until exactly thirty seconds ago , i 'd believed that was the most painful thing i would ever feel .
` ` just tell me one thing - is it because i kept it from you , or because of belle ? ''
you know when you ' ve been waiting to hear the one thing from the one person who matters most , and then they say it and it freezes you to the spot with fear .
` ` i was wondering the same thing . ''
` ` same exact thing , but about you . ''
` ` you know the worst thing ? ''
here is the hardest thing i am going to say .
and i told him the whole thing .
` ` is n't that the first f**king thing you should ' ve asked ?
some looked old and some looked new but they all said the same thing .
the only thing asher said was , ` ` she 's safe with me , mike , '' then he handed me back my phone .
i ' m so humiliated that i blurt out the first thing that pops into my head when i turn back to look at the woman .
the same thing she was to me .
he yelled and i knew that was the wrong thing to say .
my mom and my ex told me the same thing .
his eyes narrow and i know that is the wrong thing to say .
the only thing i could think was that he called my mom and asked her for my number .
even though he said i would waddle , and no woman wants to ever hear that they waddle or are going to waddle , it was still the most beautiful thing anyone had ever said to me .
but every time i counted , i came up with the same thing .
now all the tests have been taken and they all say the same thing .
we have been through this a few times already , and every time , it comes back to the same thing .
when i see her car parked outside the gate , all the things i did n't understand , the things she has been keeping bottled up , slide into place .
when i see her car parked outside the gate , all the things i did n't understand , the things she has been keeping bottled up , slide into place .
i had one big thing to explain , but i was either too cowardly or too confused to do any talking or explaining tonight .
it was a sweet thing to say , but it made my stomach squirm .
it was so confusing and made no sense , but while i could n't explain so many things when it came to cole and me , i knew one thing for sure .
chapter seven sometime after we 'd both managed to catch our breaths , cole folded me tight into his arms , whispered a few more sweet things - and a few more dirty ones , too - before he fell into quite possibly the deepest sleep known to a freshly satiated man .
although the attention it had gotten from him made me want to take the whole thing back .
maybe i had , but one thing i was certain of was that , after tonight , i would never cry another tear for cole carson .
from cole 's expression , he was experiencing the same thing .
that was the first thing i thought as i woke up the next morning .
that menacing sound , combined with the stifling heat in the middle of a dry summer , could only mean one thing .
` ` actually , there is one thing , '' cole said , setting his fork down .
he had said the same thing for the last three weeks , but i just agreed .
that was such a sweet thing to say that i had to snort .
` ` she 's been through an ordeal , poor thing , with those men saying those awful things about her , '' melissa said , her voice dripping with false sympathy .
it was impossible for me to forget such a thing .
i sincerely hoped that he did n't expect the same thing from me .
what a beautiful thing for you to say to me .
it had simply been the closest thing i could find to the things i pictured james doing to me , the things i had imagined he craved to do to me .
it both broke me , and touched me , that he would share such a thing with me .
instead , i said the first thing that popped into my head .
` ` that 's a silly thing to say , when i ' m about to make you come over and over again .
i blinked , mortified that he would think such a thing .
it was the first thing he 'd said in an hour .
he was saying sweet little things , an apology in his soft tone .
they were acting that way for a reaction , and it was the last thing i would give them .
really , what a ridiculous thing to say .
it 's an awful thing to say , but i do n't even like her . ''
the tags on all of the clothing had the same thing .
i told myself firmly that it would n't be a constructive thing to say .
this was the last thing i 'd expected when i heard i had a half - brother .
if he did n't lie , i did n't have to question every little thing he did and said .
i hoped my eyes communicated the same thing , because my heart felt it .
but that wo n't cancel out the other thing i mentioned .
i thought that was a sweet thing for him to share and i gave him a sweet smile .
i thought that was the sweetest thing in the world .
i knew that james had done something so extreme to prove something to me , the same thing that he seemed to need me to prove to him .
and because it did n't only make me want to panic anymore to hear him say a thing like that .
some things you could n't take back , and watching james have sex with another woman , a woman i 'd met , one who i openly disliked , could n't be a healthy thing for our relationship .
i ca n't say the same thing for your sister - in - law . ''
he would only say a thing like that if there was nothing to be done , and clearly bianca was not in the house .
but he had never made me choose , never made me question or compromise one thing about my relationship with stephan .
the last thing i thought before i picked up my econ textbook and hurled it at him : how can he use such a piece - of - shit cliche in a moment like this ?
my mind went to one thing i could n't say : what if what happened the night we met made me appear as pathetic and foolish as i felt , and he could n't get past it ?
but then i remembered the last thing he 'd said that night : it was n't your fault .
` ` a very foolish thing for me to say , i think . ''
we 'd been sitting at a tiny table , sipping our coffees and enduring a decidedly uncomfortable silence , so i 'd blurted the first viable thing that entered my brain .
i ' ve never known anyone who tried ... that , and i ' m afraid to say the wrong thing .
that was the first thing i thought when i felt myself propelled across the bench seat .
` ` the last thing my father said to me , before he left , was , ' you 're the man of the house while i ' m gone .
this look says one thing only : come f**k me .
i would n't even know the first thing about picking someone up .
one thing i ' ve learned over the years is that genna likes to talk .
the only thing i can say in response is my favorite quote by madeleine l'engle .
laughing , i say the first thing that comes to mind .
if i can just take a little of that away - even a tiny bit - make at least one thing simpler for you , then maybe it will take an ounce of your pain away .
at least there i can pretend none of this is happening and that the one thing i tried to keep away from the person that matters the most is not about to come out .
he speaks hesitantly as if he 's afraid he 's saying the wrong thing .
yeah , it was a dick move , but it was the only thing that would calm me down right now .
chapter seven knox after a trying week with my brothers , the last thing i wanted to do was go to my sex addicts anonymous meeting - but the promise of seeing mckenna there forced my hand .
` ` sorry , that was probably a weird thing to say . ''
i was the closest thing they had to a mom or a dad and i often did a shitty job of it .
i knew one thing for sure - i was n't good enough for her .
` ` yeah , '' he interrupts , ` ` that was the last thing i heard . ''
so he said the first thing that popped in his head .
each one said the same thing .
her insistent kisses told her she was thinking the same thing .
kind of a creeper thing to say .
i shake my head , and the american sobs , collapses , saying the same thing over and over again .
the only thing i have ever wanted is to not have to sell my body anymore .
` ` i ' m pretty sure , '' logan began , ` ` that there 's no such thing as ' just ' family issues .
this man did n't know the first thing about subtlety , did he ?
he looked over at her to see if she was thinking the same thing , but he noticed that her gaze was averted , and she had so much makeup on her cheeks it was impossible to tell if she was blushing or not .
and i never say the right thing . ''
how long had she waited for him to admit such a thing ?
that was an odd thing to say , maylee thought as she held griffin 's hand and headed to the back seats on the plane .
he would n't know the first thing about dealing with a heart as sensitive and delicate as maylee 's .
this is the sort of thing you 'll need to write if you want to work for your father !
` ` odd thing to hear from a man who seems to love mountain climbing and chasing down lost cities . ''
count on cade to say the right thing to distract the man .
` ` sometimes you know just the right thing to say to make a girl 's knees weak . ''
why did that feel like such a meaningful thing ?
it 's first thing in the morning and i wake up to dylan handing me a lovely decaf latte .
it 's one thing to work with some ninety - year - old woman who forgets things once in a while but is otherwise sharp and has a body that 's failing her .
say the most heinous thing possible that would make him walk away , turn from her , and not want to be with her ?
josie was with her - right with her , in fact , because she could n't think of a single thing that she wanted to say right now , or could say , that would match the majesty of the moment .
and then laura said the one thing that made the tears come for every single person in the room , even sherri .
maybe she had n't misread a damn thing .
alex had n't meant to hit so many nerves , but apparently he 'd said the wrong thing .
it seemed to be unable to decide whether to rub up against him or to run away and hide , and as his eyes lifted to look at its owner , he realized that josie had an expression on her face that said just about the same thing .
her face clouded and he realized that she was taking it wrong ; the words so noncommittal , the kind of thing ass**les say ... can we just take this step by step ?
the words were the most earnest thing that had come out of her mouth in the week that he had known her , and it gave him hope .
` ` i may not be a doctor , and i may not have prescription powers , or have suffered through all the years of med school , internship , residency , and all the other shit that you guys go through , but i can tell you one thing .
josie struggled to say the exact right thing , the one statement that would ricochet in darla 's mind and help her to make the perfect decision - which was , of course , to move to boston .
there was one thing that her mom had told her over the years .
leave it to laura to say the one thing that could crack her f**king wall .
as the last sentence came out of his mouth dylan realized it was the worst thing he could have said in that moment , because apparently that was the life joe did live .
` ` funny , you 're not the first person to ask that , amanda asked the same thing .
chapter six i do n't think i comprehended one thing that was covered in all of my classes the next day because all i could think about was my 4:00 meeting with jonathan and what he had said to me the night before .
maybe i had completely misunderstood the whole barbi thing , i mean he did kiss me again and he said he could n't stay away from me .
` ` i could ask you the same thing , honey .
i was beginning to believe that i might have made a mistake about him and the whole barbi thing , and to be honest i was happy that she was going to meet him at the park .
i had tried to be nice to barbi , even after what she did with the whole being in jonathan 's bed thing , and abby did n't even know me and was n't giving me any kind of chance at all .
they keep threatening to cut her off if she does n't break up with him because , i will tell you one thing about my dad , he will not give away his money to anyone .
she said the first thing that came to her head : ` ` halt right there . ''
julia almost smiled , remembering that her father had said close to the same thing about every boy she 'd pined for since grade school .
in desperation , she said the first repeatable thing that came into her head .
i thought the same thing when i first met you , but when you went sliding down the stairs together - i saw gio laugh .
all this time i told myself that i hated them , even as i hung on to the one thing they gave me .
that was the other thing i wanted to ask you .
i wo n't say a thing .
they 'd both been late to cogent that day , but no one had said a thing .
i ' m sorry , that is the funniest thing i ' ve ever heard .
all of the pictures ever taken of this man and all the posters with his likeness on them could never do the real thing justice .
that 's the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard .
the last thing i remember saying was ` ` i love you more . ''
` ` the only thing he said was that mel 's real sick , '' i said to marie .
` ` i ' m sorry about the thomas thing .
` ` he said that he 'd always regretted giving me up but he was young and did n't know the first thing about raising a baby and ...
i remember running out in the back yard first thing in the morning to pick the grapes that were covered in morning dew .
` ` i swear the only thing i said was that you came in for a beer one afternoon .
` ` do you know that my mom said the same exact thing to me ?
pete was the closest thing i had to a brother in this world , and he knew me well enough to know something was wrong .
by the way he rubbed into me , i was sure he was thinking the same thing .
i was thinking the same exact thing about you . ''
i was sure that ryan was going to tell him the same thing .
i tried to buy the whole thing . ''
let 's be clear about one thing : i ' ve been on set with some hot women .
he does n't speak and neither do i , although i have a million questions and a billion doubts and i know what he 's going to expect from me and i ca n't let that happen , because i 'll get attached and he 'll go back to shooting a movie and it wo n't mean a goddamned thing .
` ` jesus ... adam- '' ` ` same thing , '' i say , grinning at her , and then close my lips around the erect nub and suckle .
` ` you really wo n't tell me one single thing about yourself , will you ? ''
one fucking thing . ''
` ` same thing , '' i say , using his own joke on him .
and the first thing she did was hug me , and tell me she would make sure he never hurt me again .
that 's the only other thing i tend to keep to myself .
drew obviously thinks the same thing , because i see his arm tighten around her waist .
` ` that was probably the worst thing you could say to her , because , and this may be tmi , but they 're actually real .
and the only reason it 's not the whole thing is because i bought the other half .
` ` not the best thing to say to convince a brand - new , first time mother , josie , '' alex hissed , taking the phone away from her unceremoniously .
all of her on him , his whole being in her , the rasp of his cheek against her neck , the scent of pussy and her soap filling the air between them - and the soft slushy sound of car tires wheeling by , mingled with horns and trains and carefree calls of owners to dogs said one , singular thing whispered through the lips of this gorgeous woman stretched over him , jellied limbs around his neck , spent nerves twitching in little residual movements : ` ` i love you , too , you pervert . ''
that whole ` ` assigned days '' thing had been a general guideline - not the equivalent of tax policy , right ?
the first thing that ran through my mind was that i had just walked into a door - like an idiot .
the only thing i could think that would have triggered this one was the fact that i had told kane about that night just a few hours ago .
i will take you back to the dorms first thing in the morning if that 's what you want but i just want to hold you tonight .
then she found out she was pregnant with you , '' he spat the word you like it was the most disgusting thing in the world to him .
i mean every single thing i say to gage , and i know he feels the same way .
i feel terrible admitting such a thing , but it 's true .
` ` i never said any such thing , '' i tell marina , sending a surprised glance in ivy 's direction .
that was sort of a sarcastic and shitty thing to say .
i told matt the same thing , scout 's honor , when he was telling me something last week . ''
` ` i thought the same thing ! ''
chapter eight bryn my mouth is completely dry as i gape at matt 's father , shocked that he would say such a crude and horrible thing .
the very last thing i want him to believe is that matt and i are having some sort of illicit affair .
i brought the phone to my ear and said the only thing i could think of .
i said as if it were the most scandalous thing in the world .
maybe that 's why i said the next thing .
` ` generally speaking , i ' m good with all cartoon cats , '' i said , then paused , taking a beat before i said the next thing .
` ` is n't that the most ridiculous thing you ' ve ever heard ?
he 'd expected one thing from me , but i gave him another .
it was the last thing i expected , but it was the thing i wanted most in the world , and i gave in to the kiss , to the way his lips knew mine , to the way he tasted sweet and salty at the same time .
it was the last thing i expected , but it was the thing i wanted most in the world , and i gave in to the kiss , to the way his lips knew mine , to the way he tasted sweet and salty at the same time .
i knew at this moment that a thing could be more perfect .
it was the thing an actor wanted most to hear after an audition , but hell if callback was n't the big tease .
reeve popped up from the couch in his cardboard box - sized apartment , dropped his phone on the scratched and beaten - up wooden coffee table , and changed into one of his favorite tee - shirts , reviewing all the things he knew about sutton brenner as he brushed his teeth .
` ` well , i ' m not buying the protecting - the - virtue thing .
because this was the thing she 'd most wanted to avoid .
i could say the wrong thing , do the wrong thing , mess up the secret handshake that experienced daters know , a sure cue i ' m a newbie .
because i would n't know the first thing about saying grace .
that is the funniest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
it 's been ten hours since my lunch with chris and i know one thing for certain : i want to see him again .
and there 's one more thing i want to say , and i hope you do n't mind me saying this on your show . ''
because the cookie thing sounded really lame .
and boy , did he know how to manipulate me by telling me i was the one he really wanted for ava , and then saying the same thing to alexis .
` ` he 's doing that whole let's - be - friends - first thing ? ''
` ` i said the same thing to don .
i squeeze my eyes shut , as if i can hold in the one thing that 's still gnawing away at my heart .
because it 's yet another thing i 'd never expect from him .
` ` let 's just get one thing straight , '' he said , his tone back to its deep hum .
whatever she was , one thing was clear .
the closest thing i ' m ever going to be to a parent is standing up as mason 's godparent .
` ` are n't you just the man with the plan , '' she replied , and then giggled like it was the funniest thing she had ever said .
` ` that 's such a man thing to say .
` ` i want to make one thing clear .
when she stiffened slightly , he knew he had said the wrong thing .
how could you even ask such a thing ? ''
` ` sure thing , emmie lou , '' connor replied , stepping forward to thump aidan 's back .
you never say the wrong thing .
that was a real ass**le thing for me to say to you .
mandy , being practical , would probably tell her the same thing .
the moment the words slipped out , esther knew immediately that she had said the wrong thing .
she stilled , gazing at him unblinkingly , but she did not say a thing .
damen knew exactly what the man was thinking simply because in that kind of dress , he , too , could n't help thinking the same thing .
damen 's gaze was asking the same thing .
the moment he said the words , damen knew they were completely the wrong thing to say .
he did n't know and understand why manolis was looking at mairi like that , but if there was one thing he knew , it was that manolis appeared to be his rival as well .
* * * * mairi could not think of a single thing that was more painful than seeing the man she loved receive the kiss of the woman who owned him and would one day have his name and bear him children .
i can say a thousand more words , but they all boil down to the same thing .
` ` tell me everything , what she has been doing , who she was with - every f**king thing you know . ''
the whole world thought of her as damen leventis ' gold - digging lover , and soon they would know that damen believed the same thing , so much so that he had thrown her out in the cold of the night .
why did this man want him to repeat every damn thing he had said ?
` ` then it only means one thing , '' damen answered stoically .
upon watching her interview , alina 's father had not hesitated in disinheriting her but even so , she had not regretted a single thing .
it had been clear in their expressions they all thought the same thing .
damen did n't understand a f**king thing about what mairi and the other man were talking about .
had she said the wrong thing ?
even if he had alina say the same thing , even if he threatened to kill himself if she did n't believe him , she would still think he was lying .
` ` i do n't understand why she would lie about such a thing , but i never ever touched her .
` ` father , how can you say such a thing ?
it was exactly the thing he 'd been hoping to hear , and that suicide threat allowed him to check her into a mental health facility , for her own protection .
he cut out the part about brynn pulling a gun on him and chucking it at the back of the head , because who would believe such a thing ?
instead of telling him all these things , i kept them to myself and said , ` ` do n't mind me , i ' m a grumpy bear before i get my coffee . ''
here 's a tip : if you have to put a smiley face after something to soften it , maybe you just should n't say the thing that requires the smiley face .
i just had the worst thing come out of me in the bathroom .
she used to tell me the same thing .
spanking was just the first thing that popped into my head , and i wanted to change the mood , change the channel , get him to stop looking at me like that .
i think one thing and my fingers type something else .
` ` that 's the most depressing thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` sorry i did n't tell you about the pill thing earlier . ''
i surprised myself with the next thing i said , which was , ` ` i miss my mother . ''
i was n't upset about the condom thing , as it had n't broken , and goodness knows i was n't worried about getting pregnant from what we 'd done , but it was a good cover for what i was really upset about .
kelly knew one thing for certain , and that was that nick would n't be pushed , he would n't be bullied , and he sure as hell would n't turn that page faster if kelly tried to do it for him .
` ` just sex is one thing .
there was every possibility it might be the last thing he heard from ty , and though he tried not to think that way , he was only human .
what if this was the last thing they managed to say to each other ?
and i 'll tell you one more thing .
he did n't know the first thing about investigating or the law .
he knew nick was thinking the same thing .
they mean the same thing ! ''
` ` that 's the only thing that makes sense .
it was the first thing he 'd said since the elevator .
` ` one thing i do know ... '' kelly nodded .
and the only thing i could think to tell you was do n't let go .
he held me and rocked me in the soundproof studio for what seemed like hours , saying sweet things in my ear .
she did n't seem impatient or put out at all when i rejected the last thing and said , ` ` i think i decided something . ''
` ` come on , he made that thing from his perspective .
i did n't tell the whole thing .
i keep my promises , and to be honest , i wish i never wrote that thing .
if i 'd used three words to say the same thing , i might not have faced the same silence , but those three words would have been inadequate .
` ` i 'll tell them the same thing i told the cops . ''
i texted him and deleted the whole thing .
` ` that 's the one thing i wo n't apologize for . ''
the thoroughbred had just gotten annoyed , and fiona , who never listened to a damn thing anyone said , had been sitting in the wrong spot .
i went out when called to sing with them , each breath , each note , each word , no matter the song , about one thing only .
` ` the first thing that comes to mind , '' the doctor said .
` ` can you tell me the last thing you remember ? ''
` ` it would help if you told me the last thing you remember . ''
i knew the worst thing a woman could know about her man .
that was the last thing i had to give him , i was going to give it .
` ` same thing , '' he stated and i looked back to him .
it was the wrong thing to say seeing as the smile died .
not to mention the sweet things he said to me .
i had to admit , that would be a nice thing to give .
and this was because i got nothing from him , not one thing for a month !
` ` of course not , i ' m the mother of his children , '' she said and i was surprised she did that without gasping in shock that i 'd suggest such a thing out loud .
the only thing i can tell you now is that i had him , the real him , and you , manuel , and the kids did too .
she looked to me and i knew it was the wrong thing to say .
it was such a bizarre thing to say , i leaned back in his arms .
i had no resources , no experience , no money , not that first f**kin ' thing to go on , and i was a minor .
as for what my crew and i do , we do one thing .
` ` baby- '' ` ` i crawled across a floor for you and i said one thing out of kindness and concern and you walked out on me , came back , called me a bitch and kicked me out . ''
seein ' as at least i 'd prefer not to waste time , i ' m not gon na jack around with a year lease which is the only thing she gives .
i sat in the swing wanting to touch him , move to him , say exactly the right thing , develop a magic touch that would erase this for him .
i looked back to creed and when i did it hit me that this f**king ass**le had accepted all i had to give him , everything that was me , he took it then took off and left me to the wolves and pretty much the first thing he said to me was i had a pretty cat .
it was the truth but it was the wrong thing to say .
she walked in on me having one , that was one thing .
you got the same thing every year for ten years but you acted every time like i did n't hand you some shit necklace but the moon .
` ` i know no such thing , '' i bit out .
this was true , so i gave him the info he needed to make his decision , ` ` i know one thing , i ' m not changing sheets tonight . ''
this was a strange thing to say and i looked into the hall at the doors of the apartments on the first floor .
so the only thing i could assume was that although he was scary , he still was a man who saw that something needed to be done and he did it .
this was the wrong thing to say and i knew by the hard look that settled on his face .
but i got one thing more to say . ''
then my smile faded and i whispered , ` ` one other thing you got ta know , honey , and i ' m sorry , but nick set that up with drake nair .
it was deep , it was rich , it was warm , it was engaging and it was the kind of thing you wanted to hear every day , a hundred times a day for the rest of your life .
` ` i told you i 'd be back , '' i whispered as that thing tore through the lining of my stomach , infiltrated my system , rushed to my brain .
i said it in a conciliatory manner , clearly backing down but , again , it was the wrong thing to say and i knew it instantly when gray 's eyes narrowed and the room filled with his pissed off vibe .
` ` that was a shit thing to say , gray , and i should n't have said it , '' i said quietly .
give me one f**kin ' thing in the miserable time i ' ve known you and explain to me what the f**k i did to you . ''
his hand told me one thing but his face was smiling huge and in a way that did crazy things to my system , crazy things that felt really good at the same time they scared the shit out of me .
` ` the thing i did n't get before is that you not only have no clue , you also have no clue you 're full of shit . ''
this was an odd thing to say considering you were in a foreign place to experience that place and not be home .
in fact , he almost said the same thing to me when he thought i was playing a game .
and i 'd read the book about sam and it said not one thing about rangers .
the only thing i have to hang onto is i got control of this situation and my woman can giggle with her friend and gossip with her mother .
it was a mean thing to say but , in my defense , i was freaking out .
it was the only thing we shared that made me believe .
i 'll also tell you , closest thing to it was how sam was with you that night at the shack , '' skip replied .
and i know one thing for definite about sam cooper .
but every time i see her , every time i speak to her , the last thing she says to me is , ' you know , he 's not ben . '
she did not share what chaos mc standards were but apparently they did n't include knowing that first thing about cars and bikes .
then they shot to my face and i knew that neither of them missed a single thing tack was communicating .
wrong , wrong , wrong thing to say .
` ` that a good thing to share when you 're gettin ' to know a sweet , feisty woman who you know 's gon na mean something to you ? ''
i looked to detective mitch lawson and said the only thing i could say .
this was a weird thing to say .
it was n't a nice thing to say but it was true .
` ` i ' m chilly , '' i lied which was the wrong thing to say for it caused mitch 's eyes to drop to my chest likely in order to check the veracity of this statement .
to accomplish that , i blurted the first thing that came to mind , ` ` you have good taste . ''
i turned to him in surprise to see his words were n't the only thing that was firm .
then i tipped my head back to see he 'd pressed his lips together like he was fighting against a smile and my eyes narrowed on his mouth , not finding one thing funny .
i watched him laugh thinking that was proof he was insane at the same time thinking the same thing i always thought when he laughed .
then , because i was insane , i whispered , ` ` we do if you promise me one thing . ''
the last thing my mother likely would say to me .
and , mitch figured , that was the best thing bill winchell had to give to his kids .
as i walked through the front living room off which were two bedrooms and a bath to the double doorway that led to the kitchen , i thought the same thing .
apparently , grady had a mind like a sponge though he got one thing wrong .
` ` that 's the loopiest thing i ever heard , sweetheart , '' he replied and i shrugged then he went on , ` ` but , i 'll be damned if it is n't true . ''
i was , uh ... '' her eyes shifted to levi then back to me , ` ` thinking the same thing about yours .
i stared at her wondering if it was actually true that people did that kind of thing .
` ` that poisonous thing in my belly . ''
you gave me the two minutes tess gave me , i woulda told you the same thing i told tess . ''
not that it was n't true or that there were any right things to say but that was the wrong thing to say .
not that it was n't true or that there were any right things to say but that was the wrong thing to say .
after today 's scene , i was thinking the same thing .
they say larimer square but you ' ve nixed that because of the rent so the next best thing is writer square .
then he leaned back and held my eyes so i said the only thing i could say , ` ` free cake for life . ''
please , god , give me one thing in our miserable history and get that through your f**kin ' head . ''
` ` the one thing i can say about mm is that he gave you good advice .
it was an unbelievably arrogant thing to say but he would win that bet .
` ` one positive thing you learned today .
` ` well , kind of the same thing . ''
i sucked in breath to control the pain and stared at the door knowing one thing was for certain , it was n't hawk .
the only thing i had to hold onto , seein ' as another woman of mine had been caught in a drive - by , was that no blood was at the scene and my boys saw tack drag you out .
` ` one thing , '' he stated when i started to pull away .
same exact thing .
fuck , seeing her at all after what went down , how things ended and the last thing she did the last time he saw her .
` ` but one thing i did learn from elsbeth that you 're gon na get the benefit of , honey , and that 's that a man looks after his girl .
` ` and last thing i ' m gon na say about this is , i also knew then and even more now that shit made you live remote , behind a veil , givin ' but holdin ' back .
deck prompted when he did n't give deck that one more thing .
he knew that was the wrong thing to say when she closed her eyes , looked away , then turned back and opened her eyes again .
the only thing i can tell you is i ' ve shared my concerns with the right people , including emmanuelle , and she 's got a lot of eyes on her , including mine .
at hearing that , it was not lost on deck that he could hear that same thing every night , monday through friday , heralding emme was home .
she put the bottle down and looked at me , ` ` but can i say one thing ? ''
then again , coming from his emme , it meant the same thing .
made matters worse he convinced a pack of high school kids the same thing . ''
` ` sure thing , babe , '' the awake one muttered .
having these memories , i wondered if jason wondered if there was some piece of me i was burying that would eventually surface and , without jason living , breathing , walking , talking , putting his hands and mouth on me , making it all good , i was wondering the same thing too .
after that kiss i knew one thing for certain , i could n't take off and be that far away from shy for six months or even for another day .
i knew , and i was sure if the kick - ass country singer jana kramer was there she 'd confirm , that was the wrong thing to say .
shy did n't find one f**king thing amusing so he clipped , ` ` well , brother , finally . ''
it 's the only thing you know .
this was another thing he did frequently that was something i was trying not to process .
` ` one more thing i want from you , lanie , '' he said into the dark and i closed my eyes tighter .
give me one more thing before this is over and promise me you 'll try to find it in you to remember that . ''
` ` well , you got one thing right , '' he fired back .
first thing in the morning sex led to cuddling , ordering room service , having a shower , watching tv , having more sex , ordering more room service , dozing , watching more tv , ordering more room service , having more sex and then falling asleep .
` ` nicest thing you ' ve said to me , '' he answered , a smile in his voice i felt in the region of my heart .
` ` but you 're being sweet again , saying nice things again and getting to me , and i need a break and i want to finish my sandwich . ''
` ` that beats out you telling me i ' m distracting for the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' he replied .
to cut her off at the pass , this guy told his wife the whole f**kin ' thing .
pretty much any good girlfriend at that time , before he exposed the man he really is , would say the same thing because they care about their girl , not the guy .
her eyes slid to me , she smiled and shouted , ` ` sure thing . ''
men did n't remember things like you saying you missed grape jelly .
my eyes filled with tears , my body melted into max 's and the only thing i could think to say was , ` ` shut up , max , you 're going to make me cry . ''
i turned my back to the entrance of the room and looked out the window , my eyes not seeing , my heart tripping over itself , that thing still lodged in my throat .
` ` i like that , the ' baby ' thing .
` ` sure thing , max , '' steve said amiably , i heard mom sniff and looked at her but she had her head ducked .
` ` sure thing , neenee bean , '' mom replied before scurrying off .
` ` you have a strong tongue , '' i blurted the first thing that entered my blank mind then my eyes popped open and i saw him looking down at me , his brows raised and his mouth twitching .
` ` nina , '' steve called , my eyes went to his and his were warm but the only thing he said , and he said it softly , was , ` ` doll , '' and that one word made me feel even better because i knew he 'd make everything okay , even with mom .
but looking at him then i noticed he did n't seem to think one thing was funny .
i typed the damn thing myself when curt gave me the change . ''
` ` this kind of thing happens to you , one thing i learned is that you have to give away some of the pain .
` ` the other thing , nina , '' linda said to me , flipping the pancakes , ` ` is all kids think a parent has a favorite .
i just hoped mick was wondering the same thing .
i did n't tell him that , instead , i said , ` ` that was just a nice thing to say . ''
i ignored these things , stared at max then asked the first thing that had come to my mind .
i ignored these things , stared at max then asked the first thing that had come to my mind .
then i looked at mindy and saw her gazing up at him with an expression on her face that said she thought much the same thing .
when i was asleep i heard a lot of things that tate had said to me ( though , lately , it was n't the first comment about me being old and fat , it was the stuff he 'd said since , about brad throwing away a good thing , about tate giving me sweet dreams , about him calling me his , and the like ) .
` ` same thing , honey . ''
` ` sure thing , precious . ''
` ` too bad for you there 's no one helpful around like wood to tell you a few things about wood . ''
the last thing she told me was to watch my back .
that focus was on the fact that i could not take one more thing and i was absolutely not going to allow tate to take anymore .
` ` you are not going to deal with one more thing from that woman ! ''
i asked , thinking the whole thing was funny .
* * * * * that night , on the phone with tate ( even though it was after three in the morning , i was still on orders to call him the minute i hit his bed ) , i told him the whole thing .
` ` honey - '' ` ` please give me one thing , just one thing .
` ` honey - '' ` ` please give me one thing , just one thing .
` ` baby , '' i breathed the only thing my brain could think to say .
he again studied me and i was thinking that he was thinking much what i thought the night he asked me to marry him ( or , more accurately , gave me a ring and told me we were getting married next april which i decided to think was the same thing ) .
i thought this mainly because that was the only thing i could think .
when he lifted his head , i said , ` ` one thing .
` ` the thing you do n't understand is , i ' m used up , ty .
i 'll give you one last thing , ty , my signature but that 's the last thing you , or anyone , gets out of me . ''
and during that time , i 'd convince myself , after i watched my husband die , the husband i let go , the husband who tracked me down in order to try to win me back , the husband i told to go away , the husband who , the last thing he heard from me was me calling us a nightmare , after i watched that husband die , while i was taking a bathroom break before that happened , i 'd convince myself i would n't f**king kill julius .
` ` the la ... la ... last thing i told you wa ... was that we were a nightmare . ''
` ` but first , '' he went on quietly , ` ` you give me one more thing . ''
the only thing i can give you is , that shit comes outta my mouth and cuts you , you got ta understand that shit was planted in me and i got ta get it out .
my husband does not owe you shit , he does not owe giving you what he 's worked hard to earn , he does not owe you his time , he does not owe you one f**king thing .
i know one thing though , mom does n't show .
and i know newcomb slipped that video to walker and lexie so it stands to reason that my father would find out that same thing .
` ` yes , '' she whispered back , proving , after his caveman speech the baby thing worked f**king great .
i do n't know ... intense and growly and manly and saying nice thing after nice thing all , well ... intense , growly and manly which made him sound like he really , really meant them .
i do n't know ... intense and growly and manly and saying nice thing after nice thing all , well ... intense , growly and manly which made him sound like he really , really meant them .
the first thing she said to me before she poured me a glass neat was , ' you done good , keaton . '
` ` yeah , he is and every breathing female thinks the same thing . ''
same freakin ' thing .
one thing could be said of the two of them , if they vowed , which they did , they 'd keep it .
nervous , fearing i 'd pass out , i said the first idiotic thing that came to mind and luckily it was just idiotic and not mortifying .
i kept snapping but the only thing i could get out was , ` ` chace ! ''
chace explained the circumstances including the fact that it was jacked , but faye was the closest thing the kid had to family and the only person who they knew who had spoken directly to him in weeks .
this was the way , way , way wrong thing to say and i knew it when the air went from smothering to stifling and chace moved .
the last thing i had to give , i 'd give it .
best thing he 's got to give because it symbolizes all that .
what i do n't get is her tellin ' me one thing and doin ' another .
that meant a lot to him and it meaning a lot meant a lot to me , seeing as i clearly said the right thing and that was what i hoped i 'd do .
` ` aunt wilona is a nasty bitch only one step down on the nasty level from aunt dahlia and you know that because she 's had not one nice thing to say about you in nearly forty years , '' i reminded her .
` ` i ' m gon na take pictures but only after i say one more thing . ''
` ` february is not standin ' in my kitchen with me , '' he pointed out and it was the wrong thing to say .
` ` when that conversation went down , i 'll never forget it , the last thing she said was , ' you find another , do n't watch her walk away . '
the thing you got ta take from all this is , feb is not you .
every time , she said the same thing back .
` ` all the time , people say one thing , but they do another .
` ` she said much the same thing when i stole her number from your cell and we had our chat , '' he informed me .
at least i could thank him for one thing .
shit , i said the wrong thing .
and you 're going to tell me every single thing you ' ve been keeping secret . ''
` ` listen to me - never thought i 'd say such a domesticated thing . ''
taking a step , closing the distance between us , he breathed , ` ` but you do know one thing .
my mouth said one thing , my eyes another .
it was yet another thing i knew just by what jethro was n't saying .
waving my hand in his face , i snapped , ` ` it 's the same thing .
i may not know why you 're doing this but i do know one thing .
the closest thing i had to a friend was my younger brother , kestrel .
` ` your mother said the same thing , but by the end , she willingly paid the last debt .
breathing hard through my nose , i locked my jaw and recited the same thing i did every day , ten times a day , twenty even - all to remind myself of who i was meant to be and hide who i truly was .
one thing i had n't been able to figure out .
hate and love ... they were the same thing .
that 's the second nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
kite007 : tell me one thing you ' ve lied about .
another thing i had n't meant to say .
that was another thing i could n't tell kes .
` ` i could say the same thing about you the other night . ''
i said , ` ` there is such a thing as too much knowledge .
i did n't want to change a thing , but one thing was a must - an airstrip - so i never had to step foot in a boat again .
no matter what q did to make me whole again , i had to remember one thing .
running triggered one thing in my brain : prey .
she had to say one more thing to be completely saved .
franco laughed ; not giving away a thing that only twenty - four hours ago he 'd caught her running from said sadistic master .
how can they say such a thing ? ''
roux laughed , slapping his thigh as if it was the funniest f**king thing he 'd ever heard .
what a ridiculous thing to say after the man i was in love with admitted to a commitment bigger than marriage , more life - changing than even nine billion dollars .
i 'd been reported as missing after all - but no one came to question , no one asked a thing .
the one thing that would be immortalized onto pages and told forever .
fuck , she did n't know the first thing about looking after a baby .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , judi .
glancing at curse , he knew it was the wrong thing to say .
he 'd have raped you and probably killed you so you did n't say a thing . ''
she was n't some thing to be read and to know all the answers to .
` ` baby , the one thing you can f**king guarantee , i will never hurt you .
` ` i only ask one thing , '' she said .
` ` could you tell me one thing about yourself ? ''
he always said the wrong thing .
over the past three years he 'd read the whole thing and realised it had n't been many women 's thoughts .
he was scared of saying the wrong thing and sending her off to another man 's arms .
it was the nicest thing one of the townfolk had ever said .
that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever said about me . ''
you have to be sure of only one thing . ''
none of them said a thing .
` ` sorry , did i say the wrong thing ? ''
` ` i know the relationship between heather and me is n't the best , but i want to make one thing clear .
not a very romantic breakfast , but at least it was the one thing he knew how to cook .
every time she thought the same thing she kept coming back with the same answer .
she wanted to close her ears and not listen to a single thing anyone else had to say .
she knew she 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` it 's not the same thing , '' richard said again .
so many women in her situation would think and ask the same thing .
in the office before she 'd signed the contract had n't he said the exact same thing ?
` ` because before i got you to sign that damn paper i said the same thing , or as near as , damn it . ''
she 'd asked one thing of him , and he 'd f**ked up .
lily laughed , the sound instant , as if his statement had been the most hilarious thing she 'd heard .
` ` i ' m hoping the same thing .
staring at him on the bed , lucas could n't think of a single thing to say to his one true friend .
trevor died in my arms , and he asked one thing from me , to keep his sister safe , and i failed . ''
` ` there is a woman lying in the hospital who means the exact same thing to you .
tiny stared at him for several seconds without saying a thing .
` ` do n't you dare call me such a thing ? ''
if anyone had tried to say a similar thing to him , he 'd have tried to take them out .
cutting her wrists was the worst thing she 'd ever done in her life and one thing she 'd never repeat again .
she kept saying the same thing over and over again .
her words were the last thing he 'd expected her to say .
it was the wrong thing to say , and in the back of his mind , nash could n't believe what he 'd just done .
kate always had a mean thing to say about her .
the logic was messed up , but it was the only thing she could think of to excuse kate 's actions .
edward was sure of one thing , and that was his love for sophia .
the growl that left his lips was the cutest , yet strangest , thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` that is one thing i can guarantee you is never going to change . ''
` ` promise me one thing , '' she said .
` ` sure thing , leo .
he asked this one thing of me , and i messed it up . ''
` ` you know the only thing i want . ''
at times , mary was sure she and jessica both smelled the same way , but no one said a thing about the young girl , at least that she heard .
he could n't remember a single thing he said , but by the time he hung up his father and the doctor for the packs was on their way .
he 's more comfortable in shorts or anything that leaves him exposed , '' helen said , explaining things to her .
` ` i will smack that ass if you say such a thing .
she remained silent , terrified of saying the wrong thing .
` ` then you can go into the bedroom next door , but i wo n't tell you a single thing . ''
night after night she went to sleep dreaming the same thing , remembering the same pain .
disgust was the last thing she thought when she opened her mouth , swiping her tongue over the digits that held his cum .
i do n't know the first thing about running a club .
* * * * he always knew how to say the right thing to bring tears to her eyes .
whizz was thinking the exact same thing .
how can you not be demanding the same thing from me ?
` ` after talking with my dad i thought the same thing about you for a second . ''
she could n't think of a single decent thing to add to it .
i thought it was the best thing i 'd heard all day .
but none of that could keep her from blurting the first silly thing that popped into her head .
it was the most wonderful thing anyone had ever said to her .
the only thing she could think of to say was , ` ` i wonder if the meat is ready : ' fortunately , tyson was n't turned off by her mundane musings .
that was the important thing to remember here .
mummy said the same thing . ''
after so many years of frustration , she only wished for one thing : why could n't they get to the part where he actually slid into her before she woke up ?
he wanted her to beg a little , to wonder if he would walk if she did n't say the right thing .
and then he said the most unexpected , wonderful thing .
just one thing i 'd like to make clear first . ''
emma 's smile returned.i 'll call you tonight was exactly the kind of thing a boyfriend would say , rather than a part - time lover who could n't wait to get her out of his hair .
i may not have any other answers , but the one thing i know for sure is that i want to be with you .
it was the nicest , most encouraging thing anyone had ever said to her .
now the most important thing she could do was not chicken out .
if she were brave , if she had any faith in herself at all - or in their relationship , for that matter - she 'd say that very thing to him .
jane pinched her lips together and glared at walter as if she were daring him to say the wrong thing .
` ` promise to remember one thing while you 're gone , okay ? ''
emma 's blue eyes were the first thing that came to mind .
that it would be the one true thing she would ever know .
but the one thing i know for sure is that you make me happy . ''
why , oh why , did the first thing to come out of her mouth when she was stark naked in front of travis be about food ?
feeling weak , so horribly weak , he said , ` ` but please , let me say one thing first . ''
the only thing that was clear was that he was no longer needed .
her declaration was one thing too many for him to process and even as his body took in more stimuli than it ever had before , he could feel his brain - and heart - starting to shut down .
but the thing was , even though janica knew all those things , she had to talk to someone about what had happened .
she said the easiest thing first- '' lily is worried about you .
despite the ache of her heart , despite the fact that he had n't said one nice , one kind , one gentle thing to her so far , despite the fact that he had n't apologized for leaving her apartment the night before without a goodbye , her body instantly reacted to his command .
the most amazing thing of all was that she could say those things to him when he was n't being fair to her .
and the one thing he knew for sure was that he did n't want to ever lie to her .
she looked him straight in the eye and said , as if it was the most obvious thing in the world , ` ` because you needed me . ''
` ` although in the name of full disclosure , there is one thing , though , that i do n't think i ' m going to be able to promise you . ''
` ` only one thing is better . ''
she 'd said the same thing to him that first night .
one of the first things he 'd learned as a doctor had been that emotions had a time and place , but not in the operating room .
she vividly remembered him saying nearly the exact thing when they were in bed together , when she was desperate to take all of him inside of her as fast as she could .
her love for him had been the last thing she 'd thought of before everything went black after the crash .
` ` one thing i ' ve learned over the years is that rich people are n't really that much different than normal folks .
rolling his eyes , sam replied , ` ` you did n't have to say a damn thing .
both of his hands were restrained , but he opened one of his fists , revealing one of the heart - wishes she gave him every holiday , a tiny paper heart , good for one wish , one thing that he wanted from her .
` ` there 's only one thing that would taste better exploding into my mouth right now .
the only thing on the front was her name .
he was flashing that smile at me again and i went completely brain dead , unable to find even one intelligent thing to say to him .
i did n't have a f**king thing to offer , maddie .
same damn thing , '' sam answered , his voice irritable .
` ` there is no such thing as a little car accident .
it should have been an odd thing for her to say , but it was n't .
` ` i ' m glad you said that , because i was thinking the same thing , '' she answered cheekily .
she had never asked , and the only thing he 'd said about marriage was his joking comment about marrying a woman who liked his shirts .
` ` i teach them the good things about my country , but they 're ultimately very progressive americans .
her soul was completely shattered , and walking away from kade was going to be the hardest thing she 'd ever had to do - probably the hardest thing she would ever have to do - but she knew she had to do it .
his brother 's comment was the closest thing he 'd ever heard to a confession that he wanted to be closer to kade , see him more often .
` ` i can only think of one thing that felt more incredible . ''
the last thing travis wanted was to see was kade injured again .
he shot a sideways glance at her , scowled and proceeded into his office without saying one damn thing to her .
she opened her mouth to speak , but the only thing that came out was , ` ` no .
she wanted to tell someone , but she could barely comprehend the whole thing herself .
thinking back on all the meaningless relationships he 'd had over the last eight years , since the moment he 'd seen her again at her high school graduation , he now knew one thing for certain : i ' ve always been biding my time , waiting for hope .
the only thing she said when i talked to her was that they were working their problems out and that they were getting married .
the two - week thing was complete bullshit , and he knew it .
` ` i told you the same thing about chasing extreme weather . ''
her words said one thing , but the curve of her lips , and the look in her eyes - something else entirely .
always pivoting , adjusting , calculating just the right thing to say at the right time .
` ` aw , i think that 's the nicest thing a woman 's ever said to me . ''
` ` or you mean the thing about big pharma ?
it was the only thing i could think to say .
it was n't the craziest thing i 'd ever heard .
looking at ben , there was one thing i just could n't deny .
the one thing i was quickly learning was that it meant different things to different people .
if i said the wrong thing , i could screw this whole thing up .
if he liked me - i mean , really liked me , would n't he have side - stepped the whole ` ` i have to marry you '' thing and made an effort to actually woo me , first ?
well , one thing was clear .
most people assume the same thing .
but that would probably fly in the face of the whole ` ` decent human being '' thing .
that was the first thing that popped into my head as i surveyed the cream - colored , knee - length cocktail dress , decorated with a criss - ross of black ribbon .
` ` do n't start with ' it 's a mental disorder ' thing .
i wondered if i said the right thing , would he take me into one of those back rooms and teach me exactly how much fun this could be .
he laughed like that was the funniest thing he 'd heard all week .
mostly it 's meant to take the place of ' no ' or ' stop , ' in case it feels right to say those things as a part of the scene . ''
he told me the same thing .
do n't tell me you have n't wondered the same thing . ''
i ' m already fucked , the next thing out of mr . risinger 's mouth is almost certainly going to include the phrase baby got back , but i have to at least try controlling the damage .
` ` you know the boomers think the same thing about us . ''
` ` and the greatest generation thought the same thing about the baby boomers .
` ` i mean , seriously , i ' m so sick of hearing that thing about how ' women can just get sex whenever they want . ' ''
fuck if that is n't the sexiest thing i ' ve ever heard .
i do n't think for a moment that he really meant it , but it 's the hottest thing anybody 's ever said to me , so right now , i really do n't care .
i dare you to tell me one weird - as - fuck thing about yourself that will make me do this face . ''
i zero in on the comment and read the whole thing again .
the only thing i 'd say is that you could use a proofreader .
they would tear anyone limb from limb if they said one bad thing about .
he sighs , and through the storm of emotions in my chest , one thing pounds loud and clear to the rhythm of my heartbeat .
that 's the worst possible thing to say , at this moment , but i ca n't let it go .
but there 's one more thing i need to hear .
sara was trying to mouth something across the room to johanna , but she could n't make out a damn thing .
` ` say sweet things that 'll make me miss you even more . ''
that was the last thing i ever expected him to say , and when i look up , his jaw grinds down .
the only thing we 'd agreed on was that we did n't want it held in a church .
what devastatingly sexy thing would he leave unsaid to discipline me ?
if i was at a premiere , that was one thing , but in general , their questions were along the lines of rude things like how jacob was in bed and my thoughts on the subset of pr fans who had a theory that the reason i was never on the show was because i was only there to answer phones and look pretty because my fiance was the ceo of the company .
` ` but that does n't mean -- '' ` ` the last thing i said to her was ' no amount of mothering now will change the fact that you did a shit job of it for 28 years . ' ''
` ` that ca n't be the last thing i say to her , lay .
i cradled his cheek in my hand and said the only thing i could think of .
the only thing i wanted to believe because the alternative would destroy him .
` ` but rachel said ... '' mia did n't finish , cherubic face scrunched as she went through the whole thing again .
or maybe rewind ... back to before my fiance said the jackassiest thing i 'd heard in a while .
i moaned , a long , lusty thing that poured out of my mouth .
and it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever heard .
i 'd recoiled like he 'd just said the most ludicrous thing ever before he laughed .
` ` you would n't do that , '' she scoffed , flinging her bejeweled hand like his threat was the most ridiculous thing she 'd ever heard .
the thing that would devastate us .
sure , jacob had said the exact same thing for months now ; that i deserved to do more than arrange his calendars and be the woman behind the man .
it had never been my favorite ; just some offhand thing my mother called me until it stuck .
and then i came home to that fancy dinner and the first thing that came to mind was cheating spouses overcompensating .
but i ' m certain of one thing -- you make me want to be better . ''
` ` the whole , ' you are beautiful in your own way ' thing . ''
i had no idea what was in store , but i knew one thing without a shadow of a doubt .
her seething dislike of me shone a light on the part of me that worried the world would take one look at me and ask the same thing .
my stomach knotted , making me rethink this whole breakfast in bed thing .
` ` your career is one thing , but since when do you give an audience to the things those people say when it comes to your personal life ? ''
no one would believe the billionaire had a sense of humor developed enough to smile , let alone laugh , like whatever allegra was saying was the funniest thing he had ever heard .
the whole not feeling well thing was kind of weak .
i wished i could say it was the balmy weather , but it was the heat of shock and surprise that i 'd uttered such a thing and the world did n't end .
but there was one thing that was clear .
he gave me a look like he was a man staring down the barrel of a .45 and said the last thing i ever would have expected .
` ` i wondered the same thing , but i made peace with those demons long ago . ''
there was nowhere to run or hide , but my pride was the only thing i had to my name , so i started with a sliver of the truth .
truth be told , it was the same thing that was in my heart , but how could i say those words , change my entire world , after delilah dropped the bomb that i was going to be a father ?
no one had ever said such a thing to me .
the first thing that came to mind when i saw him was elementary school .
her gaze shot upward , like i 'd just uttered the most ridiculous thing she 'd ever heard .
logan was the best thing that had ever happened to me .
and that was the thing that haunted me .
he had only asked one thing of me .
nothing you say comes out right because you ca n't utter the one thing that everyone can see : you like him .
i knew jacob , knew that this was the last thing he expected .
we all were just trying to make sense of this thing i forced on us .
` ` there 's no such thing , '' i scoffed at her then .
` ` he 's no doubt thinking the same thing .
he told tatiana the exact same thing , and you can see how that went .
` ` funny , i was thinking the same thing too . ''
he claimed i made the whole thing up .
that is an odd thing to say , sam thinks .
` ` you ca n't forgive such a thing easily , doc .
had the police raided ms . faulkner 's apartment , they would have found the exact same thing . ''
he knew how to woo a woman , to bend her to his will so he could do all manner of filthy things to her , but he did n't know the first thing about being a good father to a little girl .
he wanted better for his daughter but he did n't know the first thing about providing a good example for her .
` ` i did catch gonorrhea once , '' he admitted as if it were no big deal to admit such a thing when emma would ' ve been horrified and taken that information to her grave if it were her .
dillon handed the baby to penny and shuttled them all from the room in spite of vince 's sputtered protests , saying , ` ` if there 's one thing i ' ve learned throughout this pregnancy , penny will not be denied when she puts her mind to something .
she stopped a minute to stare lovingly at the baby , then added softly , ` ` but one thing they do say and it 's true ... all the pain is worth it . ''
she shuddered at the words flowing from her mouth , shocked at how it made her feel to admit such a thing .
in nolan 's own words , he loved eating pussy , which had been a shocking thing to hear seeing as penny had never even said the word ` ` pussy '' let alone had anyone desire to lick and suck hers .
` ` i guess that 's not the worst thing i ' ve ever been called . ''
` ` makes me feel as if i ' m not truly a part of their lives , which seems an odd thing to say given our unique arrangement . ''
you ' ve never been poor ; you do n't know the first thing about being on your own .
the anguished noise she made was the sexiest thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` one thing you should know about me - i do n't make idle threats . ''
` ` that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me , baby . ''
` ` my friends told me today that there 's no such thing as just sex . ''
that was the last thing skyler expected to hear when she answered her phone .
as every single woman ordered the exact same dish as last time , the dark - haired man laughed in delight , then wandered away without writing a single thing down .
especially since the first thing he said to her was , ` ` i really should n't have come . ''
` ` that was the last thing i said ! ''
` ` aww , i think that 's the sweetest thing you ' ve ever said to me , reedford . ''
the last thing a woman wanted to hear was that the man she had the hots for did n't think she was wild enough for him .
okay , so maybe that was the last thing a woman wanted to hear .
` ` i guess i stand corrected on the freckles thing . ''
he 'd been thinking the same thing , and hearing his best friend and teammate say it confirmed his own suspicions .
` ` i ... '' she tried to find the right thing to say , if there even was one .
dan had said the same thing , and look what happened with him .
he instantly knew he 'd said the wrong thing because jane 's blue eyes flickered with terror .
he did n't know how to do the friend thing , sharing your feelings and all that crap .
` ` you may have said what you needed to , but i have one more thing to say . ''
` ` i 'll tell you what , if you stay , i 'll tell you every last thing about myself . ''
he was wondering the same damn thing .
` ` four days ago , i told you the same thing and you dumped me . ''
sure , maybe he did n't always know the right thing to say , maybe he did n't understand all those mind games females liked to play , but that did n't make him a shitty person , did it ?
` ` first thing that popped into my head . ''
usually i screw up by saying the wrong thing , or not saying anything at all .
` ` sure thing , sweetie . ''
i told you , i do n't know the first thing about talking to women- '' ` ` do n't apologize .
` ` becker insisted the same thing when we first got together .
jenny said the same thing , but idiot that i am , i ' m going around thinking everything will fix itself , or that having a baby might make things better .
` ` the one thing my mom hates to be called is a hypocrite .
` ` jeez , next thing you 'll be telling me is that ali was n't the greatest boxer of all time . ''
` ` funny , i was just wondering the same thing . ''
` ` my friend natasha said the same thing .
it was the last thing she 'd thought of before falling asleep last night , and the first thing she 'd thought of when she 'd opened her eyes this morning .
that 's the saddest thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` there might be such a thing as too much passion . ''
` ` sure thing , let me just carry our glass angel to safety first . ''
` ` the same thing he told you the day at the wedding , how he and i were n't a good match , we were making a mistake , yada yada . ''
dylan had told her jen was in the loop , though , and from the secretive smile the blue - eyed blonde shot her , claire knew jen was thinking the same thing she was .
he claimed that her presence was good for aidan , and now savannah was saying the same thing , which only cemented claire 's decision to stay .
and he was confident that if she spent just a little more time with him , she 'd change her mind about her no - dating thing and go out with him .
if her mother had taught her one thing , it was that all love ever got you was broken promises and a broken heart , and another set of divorce papers to sign .
jackson had n't told her to , had n't demanded a single thing of her when they 'd kissed goodbye in the parking lot , but she knew he would appreciate her taking the initiative .
i know that 's a shitty thing to say , but i ' m honest to a fault , you know that . ''
she blurted out the first thing that came to her head . ''
she could n't argue a single thing he 'd said because he was absolutely right .
i remember when sara told me that very same thing .
rick does n't say another thing to me and enters my house like it is still his own .
what a young thing to say .
i ask , because in my haze , it 's the only thing i can think of to say .
it 's a stupid thing to say , but i ' m holding back tears .
i smile a little , figuring suri must be thinking the same thing , but instead of complimenting me she frowns a little and shakes her head .
` ` i ' m not saying a thing . ''
i stare at his smiling face , and the only thing i can say is , ` ` uh ... you know my name ? ''
does marchant mean the sarabelle thing ?
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' he says .
the first thing that comes to mind is cross , so my heart is in my throat when she says , ` ` he 's awake ! ''
but tell me one thing first .
the other libby asked me the same thing , and the answer to that question is what 's tormented me all these years .
that 's the last thing i think before the door to our room opens , and priscilla steps in , a smile splitting her face .
that 's the last thing he says before his eyes roll back into his head .
i wonder briefly where renault is , but once i ' m close enough to take in the full context of my mother , the only thing i can think is why .
she left a note on the door and texted me the same thing : cross , quit hiding from me .
i only know one thing for sure : i was n't chosen .
that 's the last thing that i pray before the door swings open , and sister mary carolina tells me that i have a visitor .
and then he said that thing about being lucky , and i have to admit , it kind of ripped my heart in half .
and maybe it 's just sad , because all the sweet , intimate things he said to me when he was half out of it ... they made me feel good .
one thing they 're screaming makes it through my head : ` ` christina ... '' ` ` christina , christina ! ''
i guess in honor of the whole hearts thing .
i hate to be one of those people who excuse themselves by saying things like , ` ` i just was n't in a good place , '' but that 's what it comes down to , i guess .
and i do n't intend to tell her one damn thing .
it takes me a moment to adjust , and when i do , i ca n't think of a single thing to say .
i say the only thing i can think of : ` ` it was nice meeting you .
` ` there 's only one thing you need to keep in mind , and that is : this is just sex .
i ' ve alerted the security guards to watch for a blonde woman , and i plan to tell the police the same thing .
` ` i can say the same thing to you my favorite brother . ''
i decided to let her off the hook but joshua wanted to add one more thing to no one in particular .
he inconspicuously leaned in to whisper one last thing .
` ` i could ask you the same thing ! ''
i was going to have the same thing but better .
` ` that was them admitting their solar technology was n't as good as they claimed and this is us admitting the same thing but for different reasons . ''
not the first thing you thought when you saw him .
that was just about the sexiest thing anyone had ever said to her , and the way he was gazing at her now with undisguised carnality was just about the sexiest way anyone had ever looked at her , too .
he had a way of saying the last thing sophie expected , of mixing up the tender with the filthy that rendered her speechless .
she was already sure of one thing .
` ` that no touching thing . ''
` ` and as for that no kissing thing . ''
his mouth said one thing , but his body said another .
you do n't know the first thing about dylan . ''
kara 's reaction to dylan day was unreasonable , and that could only mean one thing .
kara said , as usual , the first thing that came to mind when dylan reappeared .
dylan did n't know it , but he 'd managed to say the one thing that reassured lucien most .
` ` that 's just about the best thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
kara , who 'd given him so much of herself and asked only one thing of him in return .
it was the hardest thing anyone had ever said to him .
it 's the first nice , honest thing you ' ve said to me since i met you . ''
` ` i have to admit one thing . ''
if he said the wrong thing kyle would wind up with a pinched face all the way to georgia .
he also seemed to be trying hard to understand that kyle was gay , and he worked just as hard not to say the wrong thing .
he simply smiled and said , ` ` you 're wrong about one thing .
elroy took a step back and said , ` ` kyle is the one thing i am sure of , jeremy .
` ` is n't that a romantic thing to say ?
` ` i want to know one thing right now .
if kenny was serious about being a writer , he would learn these things in time and he would improve with each thing he wrote .
one thing he and jeffery had agreed upon was never to talk down about each other in front of kenny .
` ` i asked him and he told me basically the same thing you just said . ''
the only thing i can say is that i wish things had been different for you . ''
carson looked into his eyes and said , ` ` i think that might be the nicest thing anyone has said to me in a long time . ''
evan had been around long enough to learn one thing : money did n't buy happiness .
so evan sighed and said , ` ` you 'd better promise me one thing .
he did n't want to say the wrong thing because he really liked carson .
the one thing he 'd learned as jeffery 's husband was that the only thing that gave him power was the truth .
it was the last thing he 'd expected to hear .
as he climbed out of bed , harlan laughed and said , ` ` i have to admit one thing .
` ` you just have to promise me one thing , '' the ranger said .
` ` it 's just this thing i say sometimes .
that fucking thing should be in the guinness book of world records . ''
another thing he 'd learned over the years as a stripper at an all - male strip club : do n't always use those cliched costumes that pull off at the seams too fast .
` ` but you 're wrong about the last thing .
` ` that 's the most romantic thing you ' ve ever said to me , sweetie - pie , '' dare said .
but i can promise you one thing for certain : i ' ve never screamed things like that in bed with anyone .
but i can promise you one thing for certain : i ' ve never screamed things like that in bed with anyone .
the one thing he 'd never heard was a man asking him to be the top .
this was the last thing treston had expected him to say .
he laughed and said , ` ` that 's about the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me .
now , more than ever , the only thing he wanted to do was get out of las vegas and never look back again .
i know how you feel about guys like me and i figured the last thing you 'd want to do was sleep in my bed tonight after what you ' ve been through . ''
david had said this same thing to many of the other models that had worked with christian .
this was the last thing he 'd expected to hear .
the only thing i ask is that you let me know ahead of time when you 'll be using the apartment so i ' m not around .
` ` i 'd just like to make one thing very clear , '' richie said .
that was it , the thing i could not put my finger on , the thing that was different now .
and the whole thing about sean knowing me long before i actually met him felt like a part of the mystery that i would never be able to solve .
what a funny thing to say .
but the only thing that escaped me , besides blood , was a hissing , gurgling sound that had come from , not my lips , but the gaping hole in my neck .
so here 's the second most important thing i have to say to you .
ill admit no such thing , you pompous rakehell .
i knew that he probably said the exact same thing to every girl he kissed , and there had probably been a lot of them .
the one thing you do nt understand , i said to scarlet , who was looking at me with sympathy in her eyes , is that i feel different when i m with stone than i do when i m with chance .
i would tell you the same thing , but then i think , no , i d better not .
we had a mimeographed daily paper called the daily thing and i wrote quite a bit for that , plus the regular student newspaper .
chapter 2 the only thing i was sure about was that i loved kim jordan .
i thought that was the greatest thing that i d ever heard .
and then she told me the most amazing thing .
i just said its cool because i could nt deal with it and it was the first thing that popped into my head .
she was exaggerating , of course , but it is ironically the only thing that i remember that she said .
i m 7 years old i m 7 years old my heart is stone cold got my hands in the music and my feet on the floor my daddy yells come right here son then he says lets have a rap battle one on one i won then he yells at me well i m a green mean rapping machine he s not 7 years old his hearts stone cold he do nt got his hands in the music but his feets on the floor and my son justin has written other things too , but i will let the kid write his own book .
the one thing i can say about myself in all honesty , is that i am loyal .
cause i love you and ill be true wishing you had cared only if you cared talkin on the telephone ( 1973 ) talkin on the telephone to myself talking of my riches and my wealth yes , my wealth but i am just a poor boy and i think that you should know that i just been talking to myself on the telephone whenever you feel angry do nt throw sticks and stones instead try talking to yourself on the telephone sleep sweet ( 1979 ) close your pretty eyes relax your weary mind lay down on the bed and ill sooth your aching muscles sleep sweet sleep sweet listen to this lullaby and ill love you in the morning ill love your till i die nothing valid ( 1979 ) smoke hung in the air down in the basement i pitter ponder whoops and wandered wondering what tomorrow would bring settling in a chair less in appearance but quite aware i coaxed myself opened myself another beer the little things you said and done come rushing back into my head i break into a grin and try your phone again but ca nt catch up to you its been such a long time i find myself and try myself to write damn near anything valid nothing valid at all the trouble with love ( 1981 ) notes on the door babes in the bookstore moments of silence for ladies in waiting dressing to choice for casual dating give it all up romantic scenes designer jeans moments of violence for gentlemen drinking moments of quiet he sits contemplating notes on the door the trouble with love call me back ( 1981 ) if your whole world lets you down and you want my love around call me back ill be back ill come back to you if your love turns bittersweet you could run away with me call me back ill be back ill come back to you sometimes love finds lifetime listless blowing kisses to the air anytime that you find love life lonely call me only ill be there someday it may all come back i could have a heart attack call me back i wo nt be back then no one would bring me back to you i know a song ( 1981 ) i know a song wo nt make you mine but i just ca nt write a letter so play along and you may find that it really could be better i knew a song as a child that got right to my head but as a man i write no songs to make you change your mind instead i know a song wo nt make you mine but i never did expect it so play along and you may find that you may not regret it i know a song , oh !
i can tell you one thing , he would nt have asked me to join him for dinner if he knew .
although i do nt have any experience in how to have a relationship , i do know one thing , i am all about monogamy .
that is the sweetest thing i have ever heard .
i just need to trust him with my heart because after tonight i am sure of one thing , sebastian price is slowly getting ahold of my heart and soon he will have the power to destroy it .
just when i think there could nt be anymore he says one last thing .
she 's right about one thing ; i would have gone home with her .
the only thing she could think was that there were some residual feelings and urges left over from her teen years .
one last thing before we go .
i ' m sure you d say the same thing to your own daughter .
do you believe that i did nt remember such a thing ?
marina insisted again , you should have studied the matter several times already and it must become annoying to always hear the same thing , right ?
she lowered her head in lucas direction and prepared to ask the first thing that came to her mind .
it was the only thing that occurred to her to ask to try to defuse the electrifying atmosphere between them .
she had no idea that one little thing could have so many different meanings .
they did nt dare say a thing for a while , until lucas asked , you had another encounter out of the ordinary today , did nt you ?
do what you have to do , but be certain of one thing : i do not forget who stands up to me , which means that i 'll never leave you in peace .
would there be a dumber thing to say ?
the only thing that came out of her mouth was , are you okay , lucas ?
the way he s looking back at me , i think he might be remembering the same thing .
the thing i could nt really explain to myself or anyone else .
its the only thing i can think to say to him .
that is the best thing i ve heardever !
well that is nt a very nice thing to say .
all of which , to him , totaled one thing : mare .
that s not a very nice thing to ask of a man .
one more thing you should know , that you should expect , is that they ve been very successful .
jewel had nt suspected a thing .
wish i could say the same thing about the freeway .
well its actually more of a , ill truss you up in a straitjacket and shove a feeding tube down your throat through your nose if you do nt start eating better immediately , kind of thing .
nolan said basically the same thing .
it was the same thing with the sundae .
she kept telling herself the same thing while she changed clothestwice .
laura had seen traces of a sense of humor , but this was , by far , the funniest thing shed ever heard him say , and she started giggling .
i was thinking the same thing , he mumbled , closing the door .
it was the only thing we could think of that would explain the lack of funerals .
will you promise me the same thing for you and brendan .
where s laura , was the first thing he asked , as the guard reached a hand down to pull him out .
in fact , they could nt seem to spit the words out fast enoughand all of them were saying the same thing .
he thought that it was odd she would say such a thing , but decided it would nt be appropriate to question it .
i do nt want to upset you , but i could nt understand a blinking thing you were saying .
poor fellow ... just said the wrong thing , and now he ai nt ever talking again .
there was one thing she could nt convince them of , and that was that she wanted to be a mother .
that is such a nice thing to say , cait , helen replied , smiling modestly .
there s one thing i have to tell you , though .
franz thought the mans story was the most outrageous thing he ever heard .
she was a very lovely girl , was the only thing anyone said about her .
ill do that , but you have to promise me one thing .
all i remember is that he had a very hard time walking , he could barely talk , and he could nt remember a thing to save his life .
the only thing that came out of his throat was a pathetic yelp .
i was told the same thing last year , franz said .
but i can reveal one thing , love .
no , the nurse will remove it and the last thing he d said registered .
my mother told me the same thing .
i ca nt believe all of these things she turned me behind and kissed me on my check how did you that i like flowers ?
after just a few minutes he realised that he was the only one doing the talking , so in order that he could keep talking , he just said the first thing that came into his head .
the same , exact thing i told you before they got here .
michaels expression had turned quizzical again , and i tried to remember the last thing he had said aloud .
same thing i just told you .
what a trite , stupid thing to say , talking about the weather of all things !
i guess that s the biggest thing i want you to believe .
that might be the most wonderful thing anyone has ever said to me , i told him softly .
you could ask anyone else who sits with us at lunch , and i bet they d tell you the same thing .
the first thing i have to say is thank you .
can i ask just one more thing ?
that s the one thing that seems completely right , without question .
i ca nt look away , but i ca nt think of a single thing to say .
my heart drops as i realize the truth : he does nt have a thing to say to me .
its the truest thing i ve ever known .
please , you do nt have to say a thing , its written all over your face .
i blush at the reminder , and i can tell from his wolfish grin that emersons thinking the same thing .
its simple , and sure , maybe even nave , but its the truest thing i ve ever known .
i have to say it , its the only thing i have left .
i m not saying it is nt or anything , but its just that one thing , and davies has a bunch more .
candace nearly fainted , apparently thinking the same thing .
that was nt a nice thing to say .
you surely got him riled up with your dancin , and the one thing you must always remember , when it does nt count , mind , is that boys will be boys .
i m sorry , he said , i always seem to say the wrong thing .
` ` sure thing , jon .
but when janet looked back at dean , she saw him smile back , letting her know that it was completely all right not to have to say a thing .
she was the one who had started the conversation , but until she got to know dean better , she was not going to say a thing more .
if there 's one thing i learned through this experience is that moral flexibility is paramount .
there is one other thing i need you to understand , mandy said seriously .
then when we went to bear lake resort , the same thing came between us .
another thing i have nt told anyone for the same reason is that i have arranged to completely pay off all of buddys medical and hospital bills .
i was just wondering the same thing sylvia , he said .
barbara knew instantly that she had said the wrong thing .
i will tell you one thing he said to me : , he s very much in love with this woman .
i can hear them now , your ex - wife smug in her delight that you left our house to her children , your mother , whose memory sharpens suddenly when my name is mentioned , sylvia , who says one thing and means another and poor , sweet tom who s never been allowed to choose for himself .
of course , but i bet shell just say the same thing , linda needs special help .
she asked just one other thing mrs wilkinson , i wondered if you had a copy of your husbands death certificate with you ?
ill tell you one thing honey , love is not a situation .
if i had learned one thing , it was that your girl friends were the people you could count on time and again .
this was the last thing he wanted to hear and besides he was nursing a bad headache come hang over , the result of a night that had him tossing and turning and wondering what ever was going to happen next .
there was suddenly a dead hush within the room nobody moved or said a thing , you could hear a pin drop .
the first thing she did tell him was that although she was eileens best friend and had been for several years .
it seemed the obvious thing to say , the only just answer , but marten looked at her like shed just sprouted a tail .
he feigned surprise , shock that shed even question such a thing .
at this point , the only thing i knew is that i wanted to protect annabelle .
he said , as if it was the most obvious thing .
i experienced the same thing you re going through right now when i first checked into this hotel from hell .
the menu is limited to boiled vegetables in a watered - down broth , crusts of bread , that kind of thing .
my dad said the same thing to me not too long ago .
out of everything paul had said , this was the one thing that made the most sense .
you cast doubt on the one thing that the six of us were absolutely certain of : that we we are the last messengers of god .
paul was the closest thing she had in this world to a friend , even if she barely knew him .
and soon you will come to discover that a lack of boundaries can mean only one thing : pain , pain , and unending pain . ''
' imaginings are one thing , acts are another ' that 's the only thing he said to me when the soldiers came to arrest me .
before we go any further , let 's get one thing straight : i do n't know how the rumors started that i was the creator of the boundaries of behavior , but it 's not true .
the only thing that 's clear around here is that you 're an arrogant asswipe !
that 's not the same thing at all .
i ve caught glimpses of his own pain and frustration , and every time he holds me close like this and whispers sweet things in my ear , i find myself wishing i knew more of him .
you have nt seen me in weeks , and that s the first thing you say ?
i never asked you properly , and i have nt gotten one thing right yet , so i want to do this proper .
just know one thing .
i began to think of the next thing i wanted to tell him .
we sat quietly until alex thought of another thing to argue about .
alex took a few bites of a pie thing and then he decided to continue on our little subject .
my family , they did nt want me telling you anything but you need to know some stuff so ill tell you one thing .
john asked , this was the first thing he had said the whole time we had been back .
whenever i talk , i just say the wrong thing .
i though the same thing at first .
that or they say thing they know will hurt others .
that , jesse began , was the third creepiest thing anyone has ever said to me only for the fact that it came from you .
he was the best thing that had ever happened to me and i would nt trade him for the world .
there s one thing i m already sure of , and its that this chick means no when she says no .
that s probably the wrong thing to say , but i need to tell him .
i open my mouth but ca nt think of the right thing to say so i close it again .
this time , i make sure he can see my lips ; although that s the last thing i want him to see me say .
its probably the wrong thing to tell him .
my parents love me , but its not the same thing .
how could she think such a thing with mona 's little girl walking next to her , as quiet and drab as one of those little field mice ruth saw scampering across the lawn in the morning .
# the only thing noah was sure of was that they were making a mistake but in the end he gave in because he loved gracie and he respected her grandmother .
his father was dying right in front of his eyes and there was n't a damn thing noah could do to help him .
the only thing he was sure of was that she needed love in great measure and security .
that was the first thing gracie thought when her ankle went one way and the rest of her body went the other .
` ` doctor jim said the strangest thing to me today , '' she said to ben , who was putting together a window seat for pyewacket .
and yes , i ve heard the guys only want one thing speech before , and i know how things work , but he truly does seem genuine .
as i sit here , now on the spot and nervous , i just blurt out the first thing that comes to mind .
she knows my mom as well as i do -- she was even around for one of the honeymoon stories -- and i can tell she s thinking the exact same thing when she looks at me and nervously widens her eyes .
this was the last thing i expected .
the very same thing crossed my mind yesterday , but i did nt want to believe it .
as i watch them all laughing and talking and joking around , the only thing i can think about is becca , and how she s not standing next to me right now , laughing along with everyone .
he s saying such a sweet thing ( in my case , the sweetest thing he could have said ) and she pushed back her puppy shyness to greet me with a lick on my hand .
he s saying such a sweet thing ( in my case , the sweetest thing he could have said ) and she pushed back her puppy shyness to greet me with a lick on my hand .
and i m asking the same thing of you , gray told her , his own voice betraying him with an emotion he would not have ever existed .
silly thing for me to say .
because you re the closest thing he has to his mom .
one thing that has to be said about a family with all that latin blood running through their veins : you mess with one of us , you mess with all of us .
i ' m not going to lie , this might be the best thing that i ' ve ever tasted .
marianne harrumphed loudly as if that were the most ridiculous thing that she had ever heard .
it took every last shred of the tenuous willpower she possessed to push him away and put to words the one thing she knew would put an end to it all , would make him hate her .
what on earth had possessed her to say such a thing ?
he was thinking the same thing grierson of interpol knew him already .
* * * watching him go , i was thinking that jay had said the same thing ... where was he and was he ok ?
he had said the same thing before ... and so had terry at the mall .
i m tired of hearing the same thing .
you do nt know one thing or another at this point , only what other people said .
the greece thing was surely true , as evidenced by his glowing tan and the natural - looking blond streaks in his hair .
ugh , i said , despite secretly thinking the same thing myself .
and even if i did think so , there was no way in hell he was thinking the same thing about me .
that s one thing i m 100 percent sure of .
i bet when someone tells you they majored in art history , the first thing you think is : what a waste .
it seems like the kind of thing i d always regret .
despite how fragile his father looked when i met him , this was the last thing i expected luke to say .
my eyes widened and i said the first thing that popped into my eight - year - old head : so how do you know when you need to go to the bathroom ?
hendrix looked down at me dumbfounded , like i 'd just said the most insane thing .
she wondered how many others thought the same thing .
there was only one thing he hid from her , one thing he could nt even admit in the confines of his brain .
one thing shed learned over the years : no matter how many letters she had after her name , as soon as people saw her , they judged her on her appearanceyoung , blonde , and female .
i think the same thing applies here .
well , the thing isactually , can i come back with that ?
but the one thing i ' m really sure of is that later , when eddie clasps my hand and kisses me in the dark movie hall ?
oye , that still does nt tell us a blimey thing .
then he opens his mouth and tells me the most epic thing any guy has ever told any girl .
of course instead of saying any of those sensible snarky things , i smile goofily and say the stupidest , most inappropriate thing that has ever come out of my mouth , just a little hot .
of course instead of saying any of those sensible snarky things , i smile goofily and say the stupidest , most inappropriate thing that has ever come out of my mouth , just a little hot .
i frown , trying to recollect any such thing .
then i ask him the only thing that 's really bothering me .
is nt that the stupidest thing you ve ever heard ? !
and the only thing i can say is , thank god for hardwood floors !
i dream about the dress i ' m going to wear , the places we 'll go , the ways in which he 'll touch me , the things i 'll say in his ear .
i m certain of only one thing .
can i say one thing and then i wo nt push it .
his eyes widen , is he considering the same thing ?
i can hear them arguing this very thing and force myself to listen .
if she was with me , i would have thought the same thing , given my history , but andrew i am trying to change .
i would have wondered what she was thinking about but i knew it was probably the same thing i was thinking about .
her polite smile was one that i was sure she reserved for just the occasion ; two strangers knocking on her door first thing in the morning , selling magazine subscriptions or the latest greatest vacuum cleaner .
the only thing we knew for certain was that azriel wanted the mothers destroyed , would it make a difference to him if he had to kill a few hundred humans and fae to do it ?
how could she say such a thing ?
that s the sweetest thing i ve ever heard .
if you ever go to the angels and suggest such a thing , summer spit in her sisters face , her hands engulfed in flames .
it still said the same thing , also , that triena was welcome to ring jeff immediately if she cared to discuss the matter .
that was just about the only thing i knew about my father .
why do nt you tell me the last thing you can remember ?
you always know the appropriate thing to say in social situations .
worse still , my fuzzy mind worried my own eyes reflected the same thing .
with one hand , i grabbed the demons wrist , distracting her attention as i managed to wheeze out one thing .
lets get the hell out of here , i muttered , mentally chiding myself for letting such a stupid thing out of my mouth .
they all said the same thing : they felt compelled to walk to new jersey , to where we were , but they could nt explain why .
you know exactly what i m thinking right now , because you re thinking the same thing , even if you do nt want to admit it to yourself .
when i knelt before him , he only asked me one thing .
but i had never in my life thought that the thing hanging between michael and me would receive acknowledgment from on high .
raphael offered the same thing , but i turned him down .
i wondered the same thing , as the only car i could see was not mine .
i was surprised i 'd thought he was younger but he probably thought the same thing of me .
please take your pants off so i can stroke you , i wanted to ask him , but it seemed such a strange thing to say .
` ` i do n't know where you heard such a strange thing , but down here in australia , it 's stroking a lady that 'll bring you luck in the bedroom , if you do it well enough .
her eyes sprung open , had i said the wrong thing .
your mouth might be saying one thing , but that blush on your cheeks is saying something completely differentand its spelling s - e - x .
kim had said nearly the same thing when they split up the year before .
but i will say one thing - justins gaze met his .
one more thing , justin said , and she paused in the doorway , waiting .
he said , one more thing .
the last thing he heard was , it seems we have a case of mistaken identity .
do nt ever mention such a thing again .
maybe shed lied about the whole accountability thing too .
she has nt told me a damn thing .
one thing had been clear over the last year and especially now in the face of danger .
he smiled ; he was thinking the same thing .
she was surprised the thought came from jason , since shed just been thinking the same thing .
looking across the table at him , she saw him smile at her and she could tell he was thinking almost the same thing as she was .
obviously anna thought the same thing , judging by the way she 'd thrown her head back and slid to a sprawl on her seat .
it was the wrong thing to say for anna immediately stiffened and jerked herself out of his arms .
now that she was finally face to face with stevens mother , she could nt think of a single thing to say .
there is one thing i do nt understand .
i giggled , that is both the most old - fashioned , and sweetest thing i have heard all week .
one thing i am sure of , if she gives into the bloodlust she will change .
was the last thing i said before he tackled me to the bed .
i have no problem forgetting the entire thing and blaming pms .
i m going to go back to greys house to make sure he does nt think the same thing you did .
i could ask you the same thing , grey said without answering .
no one said a thing as the conference room door opened .
lynna knew one thing for certain .
i will be returning you to your parents home first thing in the morning .
unfortunately , it seems my mind has turned to mush , for i can not remember a single thing we were talking about just prior to our lovemaking .
well , i understand that is the sort of thing some guys like julio would say to the innocent young things when i was nt around .
` ` the first thing i thought , '' matt said , ` ` was that you probably reminded me of someone else .
` ` i guess , '' she said , then added , ` ` that 's the nicest thing i ' ve heard in a long time . ''
the first thing she said to emilia was , ` ` let me see that poem again . ''
if we are going to have a relationship , let 's get one thing straight .
not that any self respecting church goer would say such a thing .
sometimes love and hope were the same thing .
i wondered the same thing , myself , emil said in his head .
abbys expression said one thing , but her heart said something entirely different .
maria threw her hands up in the air as if declaring the most obvious thing in the world .
i wanted to apologize for the whole tiffany thing , too .
for every horrible thing you ve ever done and said to me .
madison must ve woken up because the next thing caleb heard was , daddy , you said ass .
table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 1 ` ` the first and most important thing : forget everything you ' ve heard or read .
its all the same thing , you make a human do whatever you want them to do .
i do nt know why you would say such a thing , he says softly , the hesitation deep in his voice .
there s no such thing as witchcraft !
so that could only mean one thing .
but at the very leastit means one thing .
i can say one thing , even though we ve both never been with anyone our entire lives , i m pretty sure he knew what he was doing .
and another thing izzy yeah , what ?
elizabeth walked over to josh , placed her hands on his chest , and said , i ve been thinking about that very thing .
three years , and i ca nt think of a blasted thing to say .
let me make one thing clear .
the second thing i need to tell you is .
but whether you ever love me or not , i know one thing for certain .
so , i m just going to say one more thing and give you some time to think about it .
that s one thing i came to tell you .
it was the last thing in the world he had expected to hear .
well , forgive my lack of sensitivity , he said with a trace of sarcasm , but that is the most pathetic thing i have ever heard .
there was so much he wanted to say , so much he wanted to ask her , but only one thing mattered for now , and he said it with all of the desperation and conviction that he had felt through his eternity of searching for her .
kyrah laughed through her tears as the memory of his saying that very thing somehow gave her the hope and strength she needed .
talk to me , he insisted , trying to recall the last thing he d said .
same thing you as you i guess .
that was the worst thing he could have said , immediately rascal wanted to know all of the details .
hope i do nt meet up with one of those things , would nt have a clue what to do , was the first thing to go through his head .
` ` ah a limey eh '' , ` ` no , i m an aussie '' , ` ` same thing is nt it '' , ` ` no not really '' said brad as he took a seat at the table with the driver .
it was thursday , so the first thing he asked was , ` ` what are you planning to do this weekend '' .
maximilian was wondering the same thing .
president auguste pouchets phone began to ring before he awoke , and all the callers said the same thing .
afterwards they found an outdoor table at a corner cafe , fed each other strawberries and champagne , and chattered away ; all the things that they had both been too angry or shy to say before .
all of you taught this old textbook salesman a thing or two about the future of education , i must say .
its about the only thing i can teach you anymore .
but not before travis added one more thing .
she was embarrassed she had said such a common thing .
what a stupid silly thing to say .
how can you ask such a thing ?
the only thing that did nt get passed was lewis .
the drug thing came up , which was manna from heaven , but after that there was an unusual void .
do you remember ... when you came over to talk to me that night ... the first thing that i asked you ?
there was a devout family to consider who would be shocked and appalled if ever such a thing were to reach their righteous ears .
used to know the whole thing off by heart , although i doubt if i could manage it now .
that s the problem : too good , he replied , surprising himself with the confidence to admit to such a thing - that he trusted the friendship element of this relationship to the degree of such honesty .
funny , i was just thinking the same thing i kissed the tiny crease and smoothed my fingers over his face until he sighed .
she drew in her breath , but could nt think of a thing to say .
but then i whipped around to add one last thing .
i knew they did n't get the whole god thing , but i was going to try my best to change that .
you 're required to say sweet things like that , right ?
but i do want to say one thing .
if there 's one thing i can tell you of all the years of being mates with hunter it 's that when he loves someone he gives them his whole heart .
i 'll tell you one thing , he 's a lucky guy .
i remember wanting to wear the right clothes , say the right thing , date the right guys .
no , its not the same thing at all .
its in the genes or some such thing .
one thing i ve learned in my life is that we can teach and hope and pray , but in the end , each person controls their own actions .
that s hardly the same thing .
danica had heard the same thing before from her clients .
because if you had been that boy , i d have hoped forno , i d have expectedthe same thing of him .
maybe i should forget the whole thing .
each of you is my daily lifeblood : hilde alter , i could not have written a damn thing without having been your daughter .
connie glared at her sister , knowing shed said no such thing .
connie gave a little giggle like that was the most ridiculous thing shed heard .
no , dad , junior said quickly before wendell could accidently spout that whole thing about the girl popping out of juniors pre - wedding - night cake .
she could nt get a damn thing right .
in fact , that s got to be the saddest thing i ve ever heard .
lying in the bed , i thought about the same thing again .
whatever the things may be yet i could substantiate one thing to myself , i.e. , had she not come into my path after my tenth standard , i am sure that i would not have been in love with her now .
they gave us the instructions to be followed in that school , and while hearing those we all felt one thing in common that we should nt have left our old school . ''
my entire mind whispered one thing often that , she is playing hide and seek with you , she will come as soon as the game ends it has been so long since i have seen her i have even forgotten her face , the words she spoke with me , but i feel every day as same like the days that i have spent with her , because when i think of those days in which she was near me , it feels like i am living the same day once again though she went far i never miss her because even when i close my eyes before the sleep i could feel her in myself .
now i have nt got her this causes the yearning and saddest thing to me .
especially if he looked like he 'd just drop her if she said the wrong thing .
it was probably the most insensitive thing he 'd ever said to her , but emille could n't say anything about it when he did n't seem to notice she felt bad .
` ` the only thing i ' ve got to tell you is that the mark is a steakhouse .
peter was already braced for what he 'd see , but he worried that ryce would blurt out the thing that came first to his mind .
so , he said the next best thing .
` ` the only thing i ' m asking from you is that you be my sexy lover , cause you already are my loving friend . ''
that was an unforgivable thing to say .
if she said the wrong thing , he would just clam up and then kyle would be on his own .
they looked at each other , and it was clear to him that they were both thinking the same thing .
so , mary - reagan hartford from texas , i have one thing to say to you , get back on that bus and go home .
she looked in his eyes and she knew they were thinking the exact same thing .
wade smiled at rae as if he did nt care to hear a thing dody had to say , then he said , if you want a man who knows how to treat a lady , forget about the cop and these local boys .
from an act of love , something shed never truly felt for a man , and the most certain thing shed ever known in her life was that she was undeniably in love with him .
rae said , and she could see from her mothers dilated pupils that they were both feeling the same thing .
paulspears : give my regards to dan and b mindy_larsen : i willnight , paul paulspears : night , mindy * * * oh my god , that is just the coolest thing ever !
she smiled at me but there were tears in her eyes , i saw him and the very first thing i told him was that he needed to go away .
they remained motionless , both of them thinking the same thing .
everyone i talked to said the same thing one minute human , the next wolf .
oh god , um she scanned words quickly , then just picked the first thing that looked half - way decent .
yes , i m not great in a lasting thing .
sure thing , stud , i chuckle .
the cards all read the same thing ; i do n't give up - dom .
charlie is her father , i breathe the one thing only i know .
so heres the thing i did nt tell anyone .
why ca n't i just write one real thing , one real emotion , to let you know how i miss you , want you , and care about you ?
nobody on our side said a thing in response to that .
the one thing i could say about gary was that i did nt think he d kidnapped these women or forced them into whatever kind of half - lives they were living .
gary laughed out loud , long and boisterous , as if that were the funniest thing he d ever heard .
i think that is the most courageous thing i ve ever heard , i whispered so only he would hear .
i am saying the same thing , i smiled darkly .
one thing we had heard over and over again was that mexico and everywhere south of america had a stronger breed of zombies .
not exactly the most profound thing between people who might potentially , one day in the future .
even i knew that was the wrong thing to say , harrison exclaimed .
and she left tess thinking exactly the same thing about her .
she clung to the rail , uncertain in her balance now , certain , only , of one thing : that she was completely and solely responsible for her sister 's care .
i ve never done anything to her , and i m sure she would tell you the same thing .
he already knew the one thing he could give her was to never ask her to give up what she wanted for him .
well go find a burger joint , eat all the stuff we should nt and not say a thing .
lydia turned , following the direction of eds look , said one last thing , then waved at donna and hurried down the alleyway to catch up with the others .
but oh well , that s life , forget one thing , you forget everything , and i did nt wan na forget him , i just wanted to start over after that .
scars she must be so brave going through all these , serena told tryke later that afternoon while they were having coffee , i know it has been six years butbut there are some things that will always hurt , right ?
that was the most terrible thing you could have possibly said , she blurted out , slapping a hand over her mouth in horror .
they re the same thing , brennan snorted .
but brennan being brennan , had gotten more and more wound up with one continuous rant , that really was the same thing , only the wording was slightly different .
i would say the last thing you were expecting , was me .
if you did , that can mean only one thing .
now remember , we ca nt give in when mum and aunt brianne start doing their famous , you re going to shut and listen to me thing .
kevan shrugged , okay , heres the thing .
to have one person spouting off about seeing demons or vampires , or any one of the other races on the earth , and you 're right , nobody would take one person seriously , but you start to get more , thousands all around the world saying the same thing , and then you know what could happen .
oh , my dear , disappointed that is the last thing i am in who has finally come to find me .
ill tell you one thing , dexter samhain was an amazing researcher , kaitlyn stated , staring out the window at the vine covered , old , and run down house .
he was beyond frustrated with her , and hated how she jumped from one thing to the next , without finishing what she was telling in the first place .
first off , lets get one thing straight right now .
they all stared at kaitlyn , who had just rattled off the entire thing .
start at the end and work ... not the whole thing , the part that you believe applies to eve , wren clarified .
one thing will always remain true , i hoped , and hoping still that one day i will gaze at the glow of my sunnyside lu chapter 5 my first love in all the list of loves i can recite , among the several that mortified my heart and the few others that filled it with nothing less than sheer delight one was different .
i need you to promise me that you will not fall in love with me this was a strange thing to ask but i could not show my vulnerability thus agreeing to this misunderstood statement .
with each word i wrote ; each word she read , a thing one can never take ; a thing i can not explain ; was everlastingly present between us the whole time .
with each word i wrote ; each word she read , a thing one can never take ; a thing i can not explain ; was everlastingly present between us the whole time .
she realized she needed to say something comforting at that moment so she said the first safe thing she could think of ; we 're friends are n't we ?
she had been looking forward to it all week so when he walked in it was the first thing out of her mouth .
of course , the first thing i got was a voice mail menu .
i could nt believe i d said the same thing to all my ex - boyfriends .
a play - by - play of her five - day , four - night trip to branson was the last thing i wanted to hear right now .
same thing exactly .
had i said the wrong thing ?
watching , wondering , trying to figure out the perfect opening , the thing that i might say that would show me to be witty and wise and friend - worthy .
i did n't know the first thing about handling jerks , but having someone to sit with at lunch would be amazing .
but i 'll forgive you , since my own boyfriend thought the same thing .
tall , athletic , perfect jordan who always says the right thing and does the right thing .
yeah , maybe i should be singing praises to her eyes or something , but the first thing i thought when i saw her was that she was smokin ' hot .
except the one thing i 'd wanted more and more to tell her , and could n't find the courage for .
in the end , it was the easiest thing he 'd ever said .
well , you know , the whole being gorgeous thing did nt hurt .
it felt like the first totally true thing i had said all day .
dave always used to say the same thing .
the thing that made him see me as driven and put together .
i smiled a little and looked up at dave , who had clearly heard the same thing and was blushing ever so slightly .
as to take it in concern both of them are apart from each other , sherry is a boy whodoesn'tlook good as he look good in his facebook profile picture so most of the girl keep a distance look from him but still he does carry agratitudewith lot of honesty , respect and a jolly nature which makes him to entertain himself and the other , what he has in life is an ambition to be a an renowned academic most of the time he thinks that he is similar to apj abdul kalam but what can we say to him he will just reply as do i care what do you all think does thinking cost ? sometimes he feels that he is chankyamaybe winning a simulation game has done this to him and thus he thought he is a good teacher , businessman , and always ready to give suggestions but even i know that people sometime say that he can make anyone understand any thing one of guy has told him that people have differentblood group and sherry has thedifferentone which is some subjective positive .
darshana : hahahahahahahahaha , who is that girl sherry : i do nt know why she talks like that , did she like me as a friend as an elder brother or she has some other approach darshana : hahahaaah sherry : i clearly told her that how am i and what kind of guy i am darshana : hehe no girl will say my sweet boy to her elder brother or friend then what she said sherry : she said that i want to tell you something but as i am elder than her she would nt be saying any thing , then she said that i want a guy like you who loved me so much , why do nt you let me introduce to any of your cousin , i replied that i am the only option so she sad she do nt want any my kind of guy darshana : but you are still one women guy a good one who do nt cheat girls but directly asked them to do so .
rinisha my sister will be visiting my home and she will try to convince my father , it may be possible that he should say yes so i want to ask one thing will you tell me the truth ?
and the feeling of revenge when is mixed with love is the strongest it change people it change their reality and what they really are sherry is full of hatred now and the things are still going with the feelings not sure rinisha is getting married to a boy who is still searching girls on matrimonial websites and that is too cheap .some how rinishas brother in law is able to read the book and realize that her wife is not happy with him its just what she did for sake of her parents and is happy with his new born baby words are very easy to speak and things are easy to write but when they hurt they seed a feeling of revenge .
except for gods , if shed let herself believe such a thing .
eight months ago micah had pulled up beside her on a side street in neustadt and said the same thing .
one thing , zima .
he does nt tell me a damn thing .
it was the closest thing to the truth and more than i could ve imagined sharing with a guy i d met a week ago .
because what sprang to mind when reid said that kind of thing ?
before i could tell him i did n't know the first thing about guns and hunting , jakob scooped me up in his arms .
there 's still one more thing i want to share with you . ''
there was no escaping , and one more thing became clear .
i could nt give my life to god if it was nt mine anymore , so i gave her the only thing i had left to give .
does this mean you ve changed your mind about the age thing ?
i needed to find a way to calm myself , or to pretend better , so i pulled out my notebook which was already half full , full of the same thing and always included one specific fact .
she says you ve got the whole thing memorized .
remember the one hundred and ten percent thing ? ''
his commitment to her the most tender thing she 'd ever seen .
i now know that it 's an insult to us , probably the worst thing i have ever heard .
she wanted to know only one thing , last time she 's asked it was very clear tammy was still a virgin .
tammy 's eyes followed her friend that was a weird thing to say .
it was the first thing that popped into my head .
i was still shocked nikolas had said such a thing to me and i turned my attention to him again .
i know that sounds like an awful thing to say , but i never claimed to be a saint .
maybe his gut was whispering the same thing as mine .
who would dare tell her such a thing ?
could nt do one damn thing right .
i could have kept quiet , but i say the one thing that she does nt expect me to say .
the guy said one nice thing and she went teary - eyed ?
it was the last thing he remembered until he felt cory 's hands pulling him up out of the waves breaking onto the sandy beach .
` ` there is one thing you should know before you invite me anywhere again . ''
` ` the third thing , alex . ''
but there was one thing he could n't let slide , one she knew he would n't be able to let go .
either way , of one thing i am certain : last night was the best night of my life .
of one thing i am certain .
of one thing i am certain : after the dust from the blast has settled , i hear not a sound from the other guys in the truck .
however , remember one thing a life lived without love is no life at all .
he can not possibly believe such a thing .
it was the last thing shed expected and the most welcome .
i always seem to say the wrong thing to you .
you do not always say the wrong thing .
do not say such a thing to a man or you might be taken at your word .
that might ve been the worst thing to say because nolan jerked to his feet .
the worst thing about what greg said was that it might be true .
was grace thinking the same thing ?
i was just telling riley the same thing yesterday .
that s a nice thing to say .
i did nt even read the whole thing grace began .
grandpa moore did always say there s no such thing as coincidences .
it sounded ridiculousthe whole thing .
for that thing you and grace and i were looking up .
i thought the same thing when they first explained it to me .
the same thing he always used to sayhow horrible i was , how bad all things from the past .
before he could say another thing , she let herself into the house and did n't stop moving until she 'd slipped between cool sheets .
` ` okay , wrong thing to say . ''
she steepled her fingers , calmly , with such exquisite control , in fact , that he could be sure of only one thing .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' she whispered .
jessica knew one thing about him for sure .
if only they could stay like this and never promise a thing .
likely no one had ever told her a thing like that before .
` ` sure thing , sweetie .
` ` why ever would you say such a thing ? ''
he chuckled , delighted she 'd called it the same thing as before .
that was the last thing he should have said .
was he thinking about the last thing she 'd told him at the train station ?
he shook his head as he pulled out his wallet , and then said the strangest thing , have faith , if there is a way well find it .
that was the last thing she let herself hear , then again , she submerged herself into the water .
billy did nt have to say a thing .
he knew one thing about her by just looking .
kevin thinks i made the whole thing up .
it was the last thing jc had expected to hear .
the only thing they were told was that they were now at the national center for research and investigation .
it was all she had left , even if it was the stupidest thing to say .
he clung to her neck and kept saying the same thing over and over again .
i practically wrote the damn thing .
god what a stupid thing to say .
her best friend , camille , had been telling her the same thing for ages .
the only thing he d said was that she was to dress casual and carry a sweater , just in case .
one thing was true .
i m sure he meant it to be a soothing touch , but maybe there just was nt any such thing , when it came to a mans touch and me .
soupy can probably teach us both a thing or two .
the only thing he could say that would ease the constant ache in my gut was that he loved me , not like a kid sister , but like a woman .
too many had told me one thing and done another .
well , then ill tell you the same thing i always tell you .
his tone indicated umbrage , another thing dorian did nt understand .
i always thought the same thing .
pointing to her handheld computeller , helen asked , are you sure there s nothing on that thing about krueger ?
she knew believers experienced the same thing , but she accepted none of this .
too bad the test results would be the only thing she could base her opinion on .
i wonder if she would ve told whitney the same thing if shed known my side of the situation .
you heard the same thing that i did , so what else can i tell you ?
she did nt know what she was thinking or feeling about the gorgeous man shed met earlier , but she was sure of one thing : his confidence had a presence of its own .
the best thing i can tell you is that the choices you do have are how you take care of yourself and your children .
i ca nt prove a damn thing as it stands now .
when becca met zach at his apartment that afternoon , the first thing she said was , can i keep a change of clothes here , a toothbrush , some shampoo ?
it is the only thing i know for sure .
i could nt seem to feel one thing around her ; instead a torrent of inconsistent emotions flashed like strobe lights in my body , making my head spin until i felt dizzy and off - balance .
there were many things i could say to her , excuses i could make , but this was the very worst place to try to have that conversation with her .
anyway , i can tell you one thing , coming home is a breath of fresh air .
` ` sure thing , miz abby . ''
he also liked the way she 'd handled luke ; not overwhelming him , and saying just the right thing .
if only he could get luke to realize the same thing .
` ` sure thing , pa . '' ` ` you got something in the barn for us ! ''
author 's note when i started this story , i had no intention of it becoming a series ( i think i said the same thing about the last two series ) .
the second thing sounds a bit more woo - woo .
if there s one thing i know , being around jonathan makes you feel like scotts near .
one thing scott taught me is that life is too short to drive a clunker .
harvey suddenly yelled , and i felt like saying the same thing .
if i could , i would follow matt to hell and back , or just plain old judgment and back , the closest thing to hell i know .
the persistent little girl followed me , asking the same thing over and over again .
it was the only thing i could think to say after that .
that was the only thing i could think to say .
well , there s another thing i need to tell you , but i do nt necessarily want to .
i told her shed be fine , and when i found her that was the only thing i could think .
dad , i ve got another thing to tell you .
dan said , hoping that was the right thing to say at this moment in time .
i would have said the same thing about you , bethany , i replied , wishing mrs paige would leave quickly .
dude , i m sorry about the whole alice thing , harvey eventually said as i struggled , trying to reach the rucksack that seemed just out of my reach .
stu tried to convince me of its awesomeness once , but after trying to explain the specifics , the only thing i remembered was that the t - top glass had glittery specs in it ; not very manly , if you ask me .
the object in my hand could mean only one thing .
i try to do that myself ... .i see they are my family and my brain knows i can not win by attempting to change 100 years of proud church history ( my grand dad 's grand dad was a proud elder of the church ) so for the most part i try n keep quiet and let people be , then once in awhile something comes up that is so wacky to my brain i say / email / call/ things i ( should ) know will be taken the wrong way , and be twisted into something i never meant ... ... .like the gay teletubby thing .
she used to make fun of me -- -about my school lust but the last real talk we had she said she was proud of me , which was the last thing i thought i would hear from her .
but the only thing i could think to say was , ` ` please do n't spit in my food ` ` and walked out of line with as much dignity i could with the whole crowd staring .
which was nt the smartest thing i coulda said , but it certainly was propriate .
she had her hands propped up on her hips , real confident like , and below her was the words bout how she was a free woman , and she had the freedom to speak out and say anything she wanted to , and to live the way she wanted , and play the kind of music she wanted , and write the poetry she wanted , and dress the way she wanted , and color her hair the way she wanted , and color it the way she wanted , do whatever it was she wanted with her body tattoo it if she wanted , pierce her navel if she wanted , pull a hair , squeeze a zit , or end a pregnancy it was all the same thing to her .
one nurse , when she caught me following her with my eyes , snapped at me , even though i had nt said a thing , ` ` calm down , everything will be fine .
here i was , half - pregnant ( which is a fool thing to say !
andrew said , if i m going to work with you , we ve got to get one thing straight .
the latter seemed worse somehow , even though he knew the bible said the same thing about both .
the only thing that she could think was that she should have never let mike find the pills .
when the time came to close in prayer , andrew took alyssa hand , and he knew they were both praying the same thing , that god would direct their relationship and that they would follow his will for purity .
right now , i ca nt tell a damn thing other than the fact that this guy is going to die unless we do something .
i tell mikey the same thing i tell myself each morning before i even step foot inside the hospital .
its the most delicious thing i ve ever heard .
you can ask any of his old girlfriends and they ll tell you the same thing as soon as a girl starts thinking he might be the one , he starts sabotaging the relationship .
i ve only got one thing to say before you hit that homer you re waiting for .
mackenzie said , he wo nt listen to a thing i say .
you know at least one thing about me , ethan .
tell me one thing , mackenzie , and ill leave you alone .
sure thing , aunt mabry .
she did nt know if jacks aunt mabry was responsible for this or not , but she knew one thing .
she and eustacia had already had several run - ins , and clen had thought the same thing about the irascible nun .
well , for one thing i d ditch the black serge .
grannie , what a thing to say .
essentially the same thing the jeffers had told him .
the course hooked clen on drawingthe only thing in her life no longer tinged with darkness .
ah , i thought the same thing when i saw it .
you know , i was just now saying that exact thing to gerrum .
you could say the exact same thing about elmer cantrell .
how dare the old biddy insinuate such a thing about gerrum .
the first thing grammie did was hug us and pat us and murmur sounds that were nt even words , but they were so much better than any of the words we d heard since mom died .
she said the most amazing thing .
he was dumbfounded , as though he could nt even believe i would say such a ridiculous thing .
that s the most preposterous thing i ve ever heard .
that s not funny , and if you knew what he had planned for you , you would nt say such a thing .
i m not admitting any such thing .
he said if i did nt , he d offer the same thing to devlin .
if there were such a thing .
everybody says the same thing .
you want to leave because everybody says the same thing ? ? ! !
then , running his fingers through his dark hair that had just a little bit of gray in it ( most likely a result of the outcome of the widow 's contract ) , he paused , and as if to himself , he said , ` ` i do nt know what i m going to do with all of the materials , but ill say one thing for your husband , he has good taste .
was somehow the first thing that came out of his mouth .
i was just thinking the same thing about you !
i quickly realized that was the wrong thing to say .
` ` i think no such thing , '' he replied .
twenty minutes earlier , raven would have said the same thing .
i have one thing to be thankful for .
this is probably the worst thing he could have requested .
he says such sweet things , and its starting to get under my skin more than a little .
okay , wrong thing to say .
ever since he had walked out of her hotel room , he d repeated the same thing over and over .
his gaze locked with mias and her eyes told him she was thinking the exact same thing as him .
he knew susan was thinking the same thing as she climbed from the cab .
it was a foolish thing to say .
so , maybe one other thing was for sure .
because she is jealous of your affections for sarah , renny mumbled , almost afraid to admit such a thing , but knowing she must regardless of the consequences .
to cover up the sudden fear that awoke in her because he was boldly flirtingand for gods sake , why could nt he don a t - shirt already ? she asked him the next best thing that came to her mind .
she wanted to bite her tongue for saying such a stupid thing , for in truth she did nt think of her husband so much now when she looked at michael .
tell me one thing though : how on earth did he manage to get you interested and gain your trust , ready as it may be ?
do nt believe a single thing he s saying .
hey , candice , do you remember what the first thing you said to me was ?
one thing you had to say about heronce she had her mind set on something , she never gave up .
i mean , i ' ve heard people talking at the diner and they all say the same thing about you and grant .
actually , travis was the farthest thing from it .
lauren had jumped the fence and was kneeling beside him , asking the same thing .
actually , i was thinking the same thing .
it is not my place to tell you such things , adela .
i was wondering the same thing about you .
he wondered if this whole thing with sara had caused a raging ulcer .
that s the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard , liam .
jeffs flat stare conveyed heartache , but the spark just beyond it showed the anger and devastation writhing underneaththe same thing liam had experienced .
that s not a very nice thing to say about your wife , liam !
i m just asking because they re not the same thing .
i might ask you the same thing , dr . allen i work down here occasionally when they re short - handed and then he saw her face .
always as soon as he was done with me , then dad called saying the same thing .
no sex is one thing .
tess had been right sarah smiled thinking of all the words of wisdom shed gotten from her that all boiled down to the same thing good sex is the greatest .
but my dad says the same thing .
that was a stupid , insensitive thing to say .
i mean , except for that whole kevin thing and the fact that everyone at school hates me now .
we both know what would happen if we fought again , the same thing that happened at the bonfire .
first , the most important thing for you to know is that i love you , okay .
as he strode down blackstone drive , gabriel was certain of one thing and one thing only : as long as his heart beat in his chest , he would return to melissa .
there was absolutely no reason for both of them to be unhappy , so katryn said the only thing a good friend could say .
dottie that s the nicest thing i ve ever heard .
just always remember one thing .
never heard another thing .
conrad blinked and then laughed uneasily , remembering no such thing .
sakura could nt believe that was the first thing he d say to her .
allow me to get one thing clear for you .
tell me one thing , darcy .
he was so strange that i took the whole thing as a joke and stuffed the box under my bed .
one thing jack learned from franz that would stay with him a long time was that if you took care of fine machinery and treated it right , it would serve you a long time .
sure thing jack replied , anxious to be a part of whatever these people were up to .
cal and roger and i were talking about that this morning , and they said about the same thing ; but , you know why ?
roger had been right about one thing for sure : there was a testosterone rush in ryan williams he had not felt in a long time , and he would have to pace himself through stern self control for fear he would rush things when he wanted so much to be gentle and caring , making love not just having sex .
but can i ask one more thing ?
she said she had three things to tell me , and they are these three things : first , i m six weeks pregnant , with fraternal twins , your twins , and she thinks there may be more after they re born ; secondly , the remote for the flat screen , the one you could nt find , she hid in the ficas plant so you would see the local channel , with me and the kids in the shelter ; and finally , she said there is a letter for you in a secret place .
she said she had three things to tell me , and they are these three things : first , i m six weeks pregnant , with fraternal twins , your twins , and she thinks there may be more after they re born ; secondly , the remote for the flat screen , the one you could nt find , she hid in the ficas plant so you would see the local channel , with me and the kids in the shelter ; and finally , she said there is a letter for you in a secret place .
he could nt honestly tell her he was nt thinking the same thing .
i shook my head , thinking the same thing .
` ` i was just thinking that same thing , only why would they ? ''
coming from him , it was the sweetest thing she 'd ever heard , and though it sounded like a pickup line , his tone rang with sincerity .
you do nt think i ve been thinking the same thing ?
you know , i asked the same thing .
i scrambled around for the right thing to say , desperate to recover quickly .
the only thing i could think of was that this guy , or this thing , had a partner who was going to join him in this whatever it was killing me .
desmond 's jaw clenched while his eyes glared into mine , daring me to say the wrong thing .
i understood the whole thing now .
des and ayla said the same thing . ''
the same thing tallis thought was going on between us .
it sounded so clich to say such a thing , but it was all i had handy .
sure thing , princess .
repeated the same thing .
oh , that s the wrong thing to say to your investor , is nt it ?
oh dear , had she said the wrong thing again ?
he d never expected her to bring a gift , but she had given the best thing she could .
at least i thought i was , which is basically the same thing .
but ric did nt know that and it would sound silly to say such a thing now .
but i remember the last thing i read in it .
what in hell had possessed him to say such a crude thing ?
the one thing i ' m sure about is that in both my lives , you are the best thing that ever happened to me . ''
that was the last thing we said until we pulled into the gas station an hour later .
try as i might , i could n't remember a thing jason told me .
` ` we do n't know one anotheri hope that changesbut one thing you should know about me , i do n't like to lose . ''
` ` umph , darndest thing . ''
` ` mrs . whitaker , there 's one more thing i want you to know . ''
she also enjoyed the back and forth banters between todd and beth , but as much as she liked seeing it , it was a reminder of one more thing that carrie and laura never shared .
tom laughed , that s the least sexy thing i ve ever heard .
` ` i 'll tell you just one thing , hon . ''
` ` bu ... '' ` ` caroline was saying the same thing .
` ` i have just one more thing to say to you , and listen up because ill only say this once . ''
say you believe this sort of thing goes on all the time , and that you have information about it happening at the poseidon centre , suggest that you could come with a tv crew and do a few interviews , ask the women as they go in , that sort of thing .
you know the sort of thing : ` ` hello kevikof4637 , my day was truly dreadful , how was yours ? ''
for one thing it rained constantly , and for another i did nt have a baby , i had twins .
judging by his hands , the only thing she 'd said that was true was about being a writer .
do you mind if i ask you one other thing ?
after all shed experienced on this trip , one thing she was sure of : god utilized people who believed in him to help other people on this earth .
then she asked the first thing that popped into her head , do you need my room ?
- i live about jehovahs witnesss tenet and our religion prohibits it she did nt dare to say that thing that it would be also too immoral for her if she had nt this religion .
- then i m going to come sometime at night jakab left the hotel , and heni packed her clobbers out , then used the internet on her fathers laptop to do nt think aobut that terrible thing what laurence did to her .
tooty speed read the damn thing , signed it , and then waited a few minutes before letting him know because he 'd think she had n't read it .
and yet i know that these feelings must be a two - way street where you want the same thing with me too .
just read this whole thing and that last sentence will be the only time i even mention him .
come to think of it , i should probably pray for the same thing sometime soon .
ultimately , when it comes to the subject of dating , love and family , one thing i know for sure : being open to the influence of a good woman even being open to the average woman ( especially if she s a mother ) will almost always make people better than they were before , but being open to the influence of the average man will almost always make people worse than they were before .
but maybe he stopped writing you as a secret admirer because he s a decent guy that does nt want this to be like those creepy guys on the internet that approach you online ( red flag # 1 ) and have all of these nice things to say to you , all of these romantic things ( red flag # 2 ) and then they convince you that meeting them face to face is a safe idea even though their main goal is to eventually get you totally alone with them leading you away from any public place so no one else sees what they are about to do to you ( red flag # 3 ) since they ultimately turn out to be violent criminals that kidnap you , rape or kill you .
but maybe he stopped writing you as a secret admirer because he s a decent guy that does nt want this to be like those creepy guys on the internet that approach you online ( red flag # 1 ) and have all of these nice things to say to you , all of these romantic things ( red flag # 2 ) and then they convince you that meeting them face to face is a safe idea even though their main goal is to eventually get you totally alone with them leading you away from any public place so no one else sees what they are about to do to you ( red flag # 3 ) since they ultimately turn out to be violent criminals that kidnap you , rape or kill you .
just that i do nt regret a thing .
there is one thing i never lied about .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about me '' ` ` chill . ''
i never dwelled on the right thing to say after sex with other girls .
no way am i telling you a thing ' til you spill what happened last night when you left the party . ''
slathering peach jelly on my toast , i said , ` ` i ' m not telling you another thing ' til i hear these rumors . ''
maybe i 'd grow some balls and reiterate how this friends thing was n't working for me .
i 'd wondered the same thing myself after my chat with dad .
and if there 's one thing i was sure of , it was my dad 's love .
no way in hell i 'd tell her a thing .
which can mean only one thing .
i just had them on the phone , and i could nt tell them one damn thing .
i looked back at evan who seemed to be slowly trying to figure out the same thing .
yeah , it was practically the same thing .
i hated that the only thing i could conjure up in my mind was the look on alec 's face when we talked .
it was the only thing i could say .
well , if you took out the whole i ' m going to kill you in order to love you thing , it was basically the same .
leave it to alec to say the one thing that melted all my defenses and made me want to throw my body at him like some lovesick teenager .
one thing i m fairly certain of , i do nt think sarah will be running away again .
he was staring at her , and by his expression , he was obviously thinking the same thing as she was the woman wore pearls .
yes , quite , i answered , thinking that quite a peculiar thing to hear from the leader of a peaceful mission .
she only had one thing to say to me .
i wanted to see a flash of his universe fill my head and tell me this was the one thing , the one thing about me , they had nt lied about .
i wanted to see a flash of his universe fill my head and tell me this was the one thing , the one thing about me , they had nt lied about .
her hands delicate presses on my arms , adjusting me a little , this way for the grappling cups , that way for the back brace , but mostly touching me , ever so gently , and looking at me , into me , her eyes saying the very thing i d heard her say before .
and , as it played with my eyes for a second , it reminded me of the thing , the dreaded problem - causing thing in the middle of the room .
and , the great thing is , we never hurt a soul .
you do nt have to prove a thing to me .
i now realise that everything , every cruel thing , you said about me was false .
i have one more thing to share with you , stanley , and you the ten , and then we must carry out our destiny .
it was nt really a viking thing to come out with .
she did nt know why that was the first thing to pop out .
` ` i apologize again for the whole bashing you over the head thing .
leave it to her to make a mountain out of a molehillanother thing her grandmother used to say .
the one thing that the letter very clearly stated was that she needed to be there for scout and to believe anything she told herno matter how nuts it sounded .
clearly , it meant one thing a present .
i could ask you the same thing , he said .
afraid shed hang up though if he did nt get his act together , he said the first thing that came to mind .
i wish they were nt , was the only thing that she said .
fun - allie always knows what to do , and she never says the wrong thing , and most important of all , she knows that no matter what happens , it ll all be okay , because everyone is having fun .
i have no idea what he ordered , but i said i d have the same thing , just to get rid of the waitress .
the whole abstinence thing .
noah stared down into my eyes for so long i started to worry that i d said the wrong thing .
i get the no sleeping around thing , but do you actually expect me to give up on a serious relationship with someone who really makes me happy ?
yet as i watched rage mount behind her eyes like the red line rising in a thermometer , i realized i d somehow managed to say exactly the wrong thing .
i have been trying to prepare for this moment but the right thing to say never came to me .
that is practically the first thing that crosses my mind every time i meet someone .
at first i ' m afraid to scream but it 's the only thing that seems to faze him .
the thing i ' ve been thinking about for a week is still unanswered .
an outburst is the first thing that leapt from my mouth .
sitting in a room explaining every detail of how i was groped by a monster is the last thing i want .
the first thing to escape my lips is a sudden laugh .
learning the father i never met was dead is one thing .
but every eye jumps to drake and i. i think we ve all been wondering the same thing , robin says .
i really do nt like this not living together thing , he says as his fingers work their way up my skirt , slipping over my thigh .
rosalie did nt really see the point of going to all that trouble , and it only seemed to prove one thing to her : beauty was an illusion .
so when blake saw her singing in the rain in her clinging , see - through wedding dress with her black hair loose about her shoulders in ringlets , he thought one thing , secretly to himself : she s beautiful .
sure thing , girl .
sure thing , babe .
that s an unbelievably romantic thing you just said , scott .
that was a helluva thing to say about linguini .
if a guy noticed the blue eyes before the other buxom physical attributes , well , that could possibly mean one thing : he was pretty interested .
i must be about to start my period , was the only thing i could think of to say .
ryan taylor , that is the rudest thing you can ever say .
and the best thing to think about is that she s no longer in pain , and she s watching you from heaven .
its the best thing i could ask for .
it could see the entire space but the closest thing it had to a shadowed zone would be its opposite southwest corner .
if he says the right thing and fits himself into the fantasy enough , then .
i have one thing that i want to ask you because were both getting agitated here and the rest of this conversation is about to derail into temper flaring , he told her .
none of that changed the fact that she kept finding herself thinking of things to say to bryce or of things she wanted to show to bryce or of places she wanted to go to with bryce .
she cleared her throat , searching for something to say , before latching onto the first thing that came to mind .
been asking myself the same thing all night .
but before i go , i need to know one thing .
then again , michele had thought the same thing .
not one damn thing he needed to hear .
i thought i heard what whole thing ?
there was one more thing that needed to be said .
but the only thing that i came up with was independence and that was just silly to me .
that s the worst thing anyones ever said to me .
you do nt have to tell me a thing , finn , i told him .
it was the best thing she could ve said to me .
my grandmother 's meatloaf was the closest thing i 'd had to a steak in years , and that was a far cry from anything any other person in the world would consider steak .
but every time our eyes met , i heard that music in my head , that tiny bit of precognition was obviously telling me something , the same thing ani told me as we watched the sun set in the white room : grab on to her , do n't let go .
but i went to her building to see if i could have that chance to look her in the eyes that i rejected earlier in the day and give her this one small thing that she liked .
i manage to say the wrong thing every time i open my mouth . ''
the only thing she came up with was the impossible , yet undeniable presence of something in her room .
she snickered at that very thought , knowing it was nowhere even close to the same thing .
` ` sweet caroline , i can promise you one thing .
she kept her eyes trained on an empty space in the corner and shook her head searching for the right thing to say , unable to respond completely before his shoulders fell .
` ` sure thing , beau .
` ` yeah , i thought the same thing at first .
there 's one more thing i forgot to tell you .
i could be asking you the same thing , demon .
that was a strange thing for a demon to say .
sure thing , alan .
he asked the last thing she expected .
joan could nt help but wonder the same thing .
dereks about the farthest thing from whipped i ve ever seen .
which is yet another thing i m ashamed of .
i do nt know at seventeen if i d have been able to say the same thing .
sage , the thing you need to remember is that nobodys perfect .
sage , the most important thing i can tell you is that almost anything can work if both people are honest with each other .
i ask her what happened she falls down a lot and she says she said the wrong thing , and that i have to be careful around ralph .
its exactly the right thing to say .
there s one thing i , um , forgot to tell you .
gavin turned bright redi had never thought to see gavin fairchild embarrassedand could not come up with a single thing to say .
they knew i was going away for the weekend , i told them ten times , but when i called home the first thing i heard was , where have you been !
that , she gasped , dabbing at the corners of her eyes with her fingertips , was the kindest thing you have ever said to me .
and what you just saidwell , that s the greatest thing that you could ever say .
angry and frustrated , and hurt by his rejection , i shouted out the one thing guaranteed to earn me a reaction .
there is no such thing as bad press .
but tell me one thing and i will leave you alone with your respectability .
all promised me the same thing , then failed to deliver .
he could very well imagine miss westin saying the same thing to him .
and then because he d been saying her name for ages and it did nt mean the same thing at all , said , love .
remembered flora saying the same thing about george .
what an unpleasant thing to say .
it was probably the last thing he d been expecting , and it knocked him backward a pace , but he rapidly rebalanced , swinging her off her feet and against his chest .
he had been mesmerizing or hypnotizing her , or some such thing .
in truth , my dear miss lambert , that is hardly surprising , since i have said one thing and then its opposite .
i can tell you one thing , joanna , that bit of truly gauche behavior guarantees embarrassment at our next meeting .
but i must tell you one more thing .
in short , sprite , you must admit , that while it may have been the most loverlike thing i have ever said to you , it was hardly worthy of the set - down you gave me then or the nerves you are feeling now .
it is only that , despite how you make it sound now , it was so sweet a thing to have said .
do come here , sprite , please , and help me write this confounded thing .
it was such an unusually generous thing for their mama to say that christiana could think of nothing less than a curtsy in thanks .
i told kathleen the same thing .
i close my eyes in defeat knowing that is the worst thing he could hear .
i am fine , and i m sure your friend will tell me the same thing tomorrow .
jonathan calls me that afternoon and says the same thing and even brings by a costume before my shift ends .
i hear reasoning to do it , but i do nt hear the most important thing , that you love him and are ready to commit to him .
` ` okay , cathy basically said the same thing . ''
` ` jason said the same thing . ''
true to her word , she showed those boys a thing or twoand let me tell you , this girl can run like the wind . ''
there was really only one thing i was thinking , but i said , ` ` about what ? ''
` ` well i guess the ' nothing good happens after midnight ' thing is n't just for our generation .
` ` jason has said much the same thing . ''
one thing though '' ' uh oh , here it comes , ' i thought .
it looked like he was feeling the same thing .
` ` yeah , we kind of heard the same thing through the rumor mill . ''
ms . moore said , then coach said the same thing .
i know how to handle a gun , said judas , always believing it though it was the furthest thing from the truth .
usually it only means one thing .
she was nt used to someone asking such a thing after she had bitten them .
she was nt sure why he would say such a thing to her .
as the night slides forth , the tones diminish and the blood allows my songs to pour over the audience in the way they were written , marin explained the same thing she had told him during the concert .
how many times do we have to repeat the same thing to this man ?
is nt that the most ridiculous thing you ve ever heard ?
that s a horrible thing to say !
she smiled radiantly at him , and he knew without a single seed of doubt that she was thinking the same thing .
step two : say sweet things to him in a seductive tone , dripping with honey , to turn him on .
max mentioned she said sweet things to him all the time , so that was nt a problem at all .
but to say sweet seductive things dripping with honey , shed never done that before .
` ` let 's just make one thing clear before the day is out .
ask whoever you want , they 'll all tell you the same thing .
` ` he called me a lot of things , manipulative being one of them , but not sweet . ''
what a stupid thing to argue about .
it was n't my idea to be there , it 's the only thing i can think of to counter with , and it 's hardly believable .
i turn toward the menu as well , though i know the whole thing by heart .
it 's the only thing that will come out of my mouth .
hearing a helicopter coming in late at night to a little place like this could mean several things , like moving drugs or people around , or whatever .
his name was randy and that was the last thing he said before he died .
i was thinking the same thing , but i do nt want to be seen , hunter said .
i mean , how did this journalist happen to find not one , or even two , but three people who each told him basically the same thing .
if she says the wrong thing to the wrong person ...
i was thinking the same thing , diane agreed .
everything thing he showed me ... all the documents , the paperwork ... everything looked legitimate .
its about the only thing that does make sense at the moment , john agreed .
that sort of thing from a man i did nt know generally made me uncomfortable .
he listened to everything i said like he truly believed it to be the most interesting thing he d ever heard and i found myself opening up to him more and more .
when aiden got home from work that night the first thing he said was , how did the appointment go ?
the same thing i told her every day .
i think that s where the whole getting drunk thing came from .
she pushed me off toward the bright lights of the stage , and the last thing i heard her say was : head out .
sure thing , man .
sure thing , and i m sure my roommate will be game .
the only thing he wrote was his signature at the bottom .
i ve heard a thing or two about him .
before you dare question me , tell me one thing that is nt true in what i have said !
i am not accustomed to working with people who call others unprofessional and liars , but are unable to point out even one thing that they ve said that was nt true .
i knew you were arrogant , untrustworthy and cynical , now i know one more thing about you .
this could mean only one thing .
but now dr . life said the same thing , and he actually needed another favor from her and daniel .
amaranthine could feel tension rise amongst the thousands of people gathered at the stadium , she could hear everyone think the same thing what was wrong ?
its not my place to tell you these things .
harleigh * * * spaghetti and meatballs was shauns and mikes favorite thing for dinner .
you know , i just read the oddest thing on the internet . ''
the abrupt suggestion to change direction gave abbey a feeling that she had said the wrong thing .
abbey felt like if she started talking mrs . young , or even worse , ruth would be able to hear the whole thing .
just when she 'd figured out that she said exactly the wrong thing , he surely must now think she 's a kook .
no one would ever make up such a ridiculous thing .
autumn met summers smile with her own , sure they were thinking the same thing .
for a moment they looked at each other both realizing that for jude it was almost the same thing .
okay , maybe the whole clearance thing was nt technically true , but i felt my occupation was better kept a secret from my globetrotting friend .
it seemed like we both spoke the same language , but he for some reason could nt understand a single thing i said .
i m not good at talking to people and i m always afraid ill say the wrong thing , so keeping to myself works well for me .
its the best thing i ve heard all week .
of course , right then he was probably saying things like , i ca nt believe the idiot i m forced to work with , and very likely trying to think of places to dispose of my body after he killed me .
and somewhere deep inside , i knew the same thing about me and robert .
well , its practically the same thing , she said after a pregnant pause .
she says its the same thing .
i thought it was a really odd thing for your boyfriend say .
mamma and i looked at each other , thinking the same thing .
it was very clear , -- the i love you thing .
it was a lame thing to say .
its not the same thing , i argued .
just one more thing , i said , and you can tell me to mind my own business if you want to .
ill tell you everything you want to know , but one thing at a time .
it was an inappropriate thing to say , but then , we had nt told him a man had been killed , the sled officer said .
some chemical thing that she had no control over .
it was a sappy , sentimental thing to say .
i remember she told me the same thing .
that s got to be the most ridiculous thing i ve ever heard in my life .
but before we begin , i do want to make one thing clear .
i got so wrought up i never finished reading the whole thing , he said .
the two did nt necessarily mean the same thing .
take your time , said the younger woman , as if she understood the silent worship thing .
it was the very fact that mom had never said a thing , not one single thing , and then had worded her question so quietly and gently today , like breaking the news to someone that they were fatally ill , when at heart they d known it all along , only no one would say it .
it was the very fact that mom had never said a thing , not one single thing , and then had worded her question so quietly and gently today , like breaking the news to someone that they were fatally ill , when at heart they d known it all along , only no one would say it .
she spoke the idea as soon as it formed in her head , and it was the only thing that seemed possible .
the stickers said things like , dark chocolate with lemon zest splinters , cornflake chili bombs , and mocha espresso cream .
laurent had growled at her one day that mary poppins was a fictional character in the same tone he might have said serial killer , and once more shed had to beg robert to cut out her tongue if she opened her mouth too much and said the wrong thing .
the last to get picked thing resonated a lot .
he said , i hate it , but that was nt the same thing .
the last , sweetest thing .
never heard i such a thing .
he welds his fingers to the cold steel frame and closes his eyes , listening to the danger and wondering if it will be the last thing he ever hears .
no , each bullet said one thing live !
and raife had heard each clearly , each and every one racing overhead and saying precisely the same thing .
is about the only thing raad can ever think to say in reply .
which was another thing raad had learned in graduate school : you should nt believe anything for which there was nt sufficient data .
you re the first thing i ve spoken to in a month .
my heart sinks as i recall the last thing grayson said to me .
she sometimes says the wrong thing , i hissed , blowing out a breath as i exited the freeway , heading toward newport .
enemies was the closest thing i could think of , but it was nt right .
duct tape is the answer for everything , i said , apparently there was one thing we could agree on .
it would be fun to yell things at rick from across the country .
even as i spoke , i knew it was the wrong thing to say to nate .
i knew the words meant pretty much the same thing , but massive just seemed bigger .
only thing she said was that its a long story .
did he actually believe in the whole ghost thing ?
how come ezra always knew the right thing to say to get her to open up to him instead of glowering at him like she did to everybody else ?
how can you say such a thing ? ''
with a small laugh she jerked the steering wheel towards the ancient beech tree , picturing with glee all the nice things people would say when they came to her funeral and apologized for messing up her life .
there ai nt no such thing , kid .
his words said one thing , but his wistful expression said another .
you really do show every single thing you re thinking on your face , he commented , making her wonder if he d been discussing her with his mother .
whatever he was going to say , that was the last thing sara had expected to hear .
if i could say one thing about my family , it was that we were all close .
she did nt realize some of the things she said came out just plain dirty , and if i was drinking at that moment , i would have been at her place in seconds .
look , i just wanted to ask you one thing .
even if he d had too much to drink , he somehow always found the right thing to say .
we were thinking the same exact thing .
but promise me one thing , okay ?
as soon as vince and luke heard the commotion they shared one of those strange looks , like they were both thinking the exact same thing at the same moment .
i tried to say the same thing about bryn , now knowing her big secret .
answer me one thing first .
i bet my two dogs would be great in a dogsled race , i claimed , knowing that was the furthest thing from the truth .
i could nt recall one nice thing he d said about the robot .
i ve stopped wasting time even saying the whole thing out loud .
he was known for hiding things from me , but i could nt think of a new thing worth deceiving me .
the other thing that was different is that i was nt in my former self .
since i d thought the same thing , i did nt need to get clarification , but i wondered if his reasoning differed from mine .
sure thing , baby girl , he said , following me .
i think that is the nicest , non - creepy thing you ve ever said to me , i said with a little laugh .
when he spoke to her , jess managed to say one thing .
whether it was the right or wrong thing to say jess did nt know .
i could nt believe someone would say such a thing .
he wrote the damn thing in the mountains , in the same cabin he was heading to right now , with jess .
rick , i m not signing a damn thing .
before she could say a thing , he slithered from her body , locked the door , and turned off the lights .
he returned , grabbed a few things from his duffle bag , and the next thing she heard was water running .
i do nt want to say the wrong thing .
my lips part , but i ca nt think of a damn thing to say that would leave me with any dignity .
the only other thing she said , which i d already figured out , was that doing magic comes with a price , hence my headaches and the memory loss .
again i wished i could comment with what really was on my mind , but i was afraid i d break some time continuum thing .
one thing i d been told a lot stuck out in my mind .
it was nt my best comeback , but it was the first thing to come to mind .
that s another thing , i told him .
what made her assume such a thing ?
look , i know its not the same thing , pike said , taking time to address us both .
but its the wrong thing to say right now , when he s wound up like this .
he d never met maddie , but he was always telling me to go after her , like the just friends thing made no sense to him .
that is a very mean thing to say , '' i playfully scold him laughing as well , then seriously i add , '' but you are my hot knight in shining spy gear . ''
there were a few people who were thick , and needed to hear the same thing ten times .
i d probably break some time continuum thing , but at the same time , he clearly needed a reminder that i tend to be unpredictable .
that and banana , so if you just say those two things a bunch of times , i m sure everyone will think its really me , i start drawing little patterns on his arm that s wrapped around me .
it was nt the nicest thing to say , but the guy was really giving me the willies , and i did n't know why .
i must thank you for one thing .
oh , i can think of one particular thing .
everywhere he turned , they all said the same thing : baron henry hargreaves was the traitor passing information to the french .
i should be asking you the same thing , mina .
a man with your pride apologizing is no small thing .
raphael knew one thing for sure - there were good and evil of every group of people upon the earth .
the first thing that entered my head was , ` ` would you even notice ? ''
` ` i 'll tell you one thing though , that goalie , what was his name ?
' t is a poor thing to say for a country when a free man ca n't take a free fish from a free flowing river !
i explained one more thing !
daragh - ill tell you one thing , you ve just cured me for life , from any malingering feelings i might have been entertaining regarding a certain wee girl !
well , i tell you one thing you have the men pegged to a tee !
father damien must have sensed this reluctance to leave for the next thing he said was you will all leave now , at once and go to your homes and think about your behaviour here tonight .
i knew this was probably the hardest thing he had ever confronted in his life .
sometimes the best thing to say at times like this is to say nothing !
i knew i would say the right thing .
it seems that there is no such thing as just one interview !
and i picked the wrong thing to say .
he had made it sound as the most natural thing to say .
how can you ask me such a thing ?
its the only thing i m sure about right now .
why are you so good to me and always say the right thing to make me feel less guilty .
i will say one thing about our world though that i am glad surprised me , it brought you back to me .
dad about the other thing i asked you , will you teach me ?
i know , julianne said the same thing .
i have heard great things about you and this place .
the only thing i can say for sure mrs . st .
what a mean thing to say to a woman about to be divorced .
the first thing that came to mind was roberts and belles .
she placed her hands on her knees and whispered , if it means a thing , i fault william , not you .
what was the first thing she should say to her soon to be husband ?
your house is beautiful , anna said , the real first thing she said to thomas .
it was probably the worst thing she could have said right then .
i wo nt be going anywhere ... anna felt her heart twist in pain wondering how many times thomass wife said the same thing to him .
anna turned and lowered her head , feeling foolish for blurting out such a mean thing to a nice woman like jo .
the last thing she would ever want to do was push thomas away .
such an important thing for thomas to say as he stepped down from the carriage .
that was the last thing thomas needed to hear right then .
as the feeling overtook everywhere else , anna heard dr . hibert announce one last thing .
the one thing no one would say , but i had found myself often thinking , was how william blake was apparently a damn good actor , because even i did nt know how bad everything was until a few months ago , when he decided to stop treatment .
apparently google was about to be my best friend , because that was the only thing that popped into my head nexthow i was going to google the heck out of that place in search of some answers .
what would be the first thing i said to her ?
` ` sure thing , mr . smith , '' she replies .
i know how to read them , read their body language and say the right thing , but i ca n't read her and i know if i do n't say something soon to break this awkward silence between us she 'll walk away .
i ask her the same thing i asked her in the loft .
she ca n't help but think these things when it 's the only thing she 's heard about me .
she ca n't help but think these things when it 's the only thing she 's heard about me .
well ill tell you one thing , babe , he told me , touching my chin with an affectionate hand .
i do believe that s the smartest thing you ve ever said .
her voice shook , and it was the only thing she managed to get out .
i could nt stop myself from blurting that exact thing out .
hestia 's pain was starting to make me feel uncomfortable and before i could stop myself i said the most natural thing for me .
and the first thing he said before he even sat down was , layla , what have you done to your hair ?
a little girl her husband touched the child too and said she was beautiful which layla thought was stretching the truth , but it was a nice thing to say .
because if you ve had some kind of little tiff then i think the absolute best thing in the world would be no , said ben with sudden force and determination .
it was a nice thing to say .
morrie waited until she was out of the room to say the worst thing of all .
every single thing you say only makes things worse .
oxys never been glenns thing .
was that a bitchy thing to say ?
so , was the only thing that came out of my mouth .
i just have one thing left to say .
i knew that when other people looked at me they probably saw the same thing .
it seemed that customers thought we woke up and went to sleep solely for robertsons department store , but then again , management thought the same thing .
jerry always said the same thing in the morning .
i thought for sure that the next thing she was going to say was something like , move out of my house or something .
well , that s the main thing i wanted to confess .
then remembered one other thing and said , i accidentally stole mcdonalds about four years ago .
it was a hard thing to swallow when the physical world could feel sooooo good .
i know jerry and kevin probably told you the same thing but not every guy you meet wants to have sex with you .
adrian said the same thing .
well , i m telling you one thing , you are nt riding back with us on the way home .
angela never heard a thing lennie had said , and he knew her ability to listen had nothing to do with the hour of the day .
the first thing her dad would ask : how old is this fella ?
lennie closed his eyes for a moment then wrote the first thing that came to mind : innocence .
certain of one thing , he d not sit here and sulk over a woman for a second time in four years .
i said no such thing , randall .
reggie and i have been wondering the same thing for years .
what the was the last thing i heard just before the metal reverberated off his skull .
but , if you plan to tell your dad , can i ask one thing ?
i enjoyed watching him stumble and grope over his words , trying to impress me with his wit while fearing every second that he might lose me by saying the wrong thing .
well the first thing this morning he comes over to her desk and starts in on her again .
i just ... i just did n't want you to leave so i said the first thing that popped into my head . ''
though some of the pieces may have proved threatening to that thing we know as the male ego , christopher showed an amazing talent for empathy and understanding of what these women were trying to express .
christopher : why emily , how can you say such a thing after all we ' ve meant to each other ?
[ then gaining her composure ] why christopher , you know i thought no such thing .
that 's the first intelligent thing you ' ve told us all evening .
that 's one more thing i have to accept .
i m positive grant would have a thing or two to say about that .
another thing i did nt know about seth .
it sounded like you had firsthand experience , and that s the kind of thing you share with the group .
i d learned the first thing taught at the meetings was to start yelling as loudly as you could that i was an alien .
that s the only thing i can come up with to explain what was going on today .
that s got to be the saddest thing i ve ever heard .
can you promise me one thing ?
it was the kind of thing anyone would say if they knew someone in a room wanted to kill them and had the means to do so .
i d probably thought that about everything thing that had come from his lips .
i did nt owe malphas a single thing , so if he was determined to make me watch something he thought was important , he could deal with me not actually watching it .
not only could the whole thing have been made up , but i ve been around eva enough to know that there are other planes and that could ve been something from one of them .
being the all - knowing thing she was , she moved out of the way before it hit her .
i knew one thing for sure after listening to her , she made about as much sense as her sister .
one thing she was certain of : she would not be wasting any more time or energy on beth .
never a man who favored affectionate gestures , a handshake from agnon was the closest thing to a hug desmond had gotten since he was a boy .
we thought the same thing when we first met her .
these are things that can not be told , but rubys sadness was turned into joy , and just as she had sown in sorrow , so did she rejoice as she gathered in her sheaves .
over bad coffee and a couple of shortbread biscuits the lawyer told jesse various things .
he thought interviews might help but the candidates were all very polished , and they each told him exactly the same thing , about why he would be lucky to hire them .
he stopped , and he coughed and apologised , and ruby leaned in quickly and said : that was a stupid thing to say .
i would even suggest that many of them tell you this self - same thing .
and as he moves against her she says i am yours , and as he moves suddenly inside her he says the very same thing back to her .
i ' m warring with the same thing .
and if phineas were here , i ' m sure he 'd be tel ing you the exact same thing . ''
` ` not the same thing and you know it . ''
i had n't come in to eat , and even if i had , i already knew that damn thing by heart , but i was feeling nervous , and it gave me something to do with my hands .
it 's why the stacy easter thing tweaked me so bad .
but i had at least learned one thing : that kind of magic required concentration to maintain .
it was a tragic end to a tragic tale , and there was only one thing i could think of to say .
he 'd thought the same thing when he and his partner came across it one night after their shift was over .
have n't you heard a thing i ' ve said ?
i said the same thing to adrian last night , but he had some six - degrees - of - separation explanation . ''
` ` helena said the same thing , but seraphim are n't designed to experience mortal love .
it 's just that 's such a guy thing to say the morning after he does n't let his girlfriend get any sleep . ''
that was the one thing she knew , the one solid fact in a quicksand world which was changing all around her .
rigger amazed himself asking her such a thing .
first thing she said was they must tell nobody .
every single thing he says about you is high praise .
' oh no , my mother always knows how to put it , usually in four different ways all saying the same thing - which is that i am wasting my life . '
not at all the kind of thing you would have expected from miss howe .
she said the first positive thing that came into her head .
' i think this is the shabbiest thing i have ever heard , ' lane said .
same thing with writing , he just needs to do it .
she 'd felt pretty good first thing in the morning and even during breakfast , but after that , the day had nose - dived rapidly .
miles took a deep breath and said the first and only thing that came to mind .
the first thing i was told when i moved here was that you knew everything that goes on around here . ''
and they 're all saying the same thing . ''
` ` and he confirmed the whole thing '' was how he phrased it .
you obviously did n't listen to a thing i said yesterday , so let me say it again .
it sounded ridiculous , but it was the first and only thing that came to mind .
he did , however , say the same thing every time he handed them to me : ` ` they 're the freshest i ' ve got . ''
brian said exactly the same thing . ''
he had talked his way into strongholds , drug dens and government offices ; he had an uncanny knack for making a lightning assessment of any given person and situation , and then saying exactly the right thing to get the reaction he wanted .
` ` the same thing you are , i imagine . ''
` ` first and most important thing is : i love you .
and let me tell you one thing , chance mackenzie , if you think you 're still going to be jetting all over the world getting stabbed and shot at while you get your adrenaline high , then you 'd better think again .
` ` i have n't told you the most important thing yet . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as a friendly divorce .
an hour later , meg did n't feel any such thing .
` ` the only thing i can figure out is that she must ' ve overheard you say you were n't available and left . ''
` ` but one thing 's for sure ... . '' ` ` what 's that ? ''
steve 's eyes grew intense , and meg knew he was thinking the same thing she was .
heather lawrence had said basically the same thing , but had n't explained the reason for it .
` ` the last thing i heard , cole was supposed to attend jeff 's baseball game with you . ''
` ` i suppose the next thing you 're gon na tell me is we 'll have to save up for a baby the way we did for the house and now the fence before we get me a dog . ''
he smiled as she let him in , but for the life of her she could n't think of a thing to say .
for now , that seemed the simplest thing to say , although her hesitation was based on something much deeper .
for him , life meant one thing : joining the silver , the king 's elite force of knights , bedecked in the finest armor and the choicest arms anywhere in the two kingdoms .
that could only mean one thing : a better road .
the whole thing could be a lie .
thor was thinking the same thing .
it seemed as if he always said the wrong thing .
` ` do you ... '' he began , racking his brain for the right thing to say , ` ` like it here ? ''
` ` listen old mate , '' reece said , ` ` the only thing you can know for sure about gwen is that she knows what she wants .
macgil was wondering the same thing .
' why would you think such a thing ? '
and then , two days ago , i saw the man - the comte , sister mercy said he was , the comte st germain - in the market , and the voice said the same thing , only a good bit more urgent .
because if tell him not to do it referred to the same thing , then plainly the two men must be acquent with each other .
and the first thing that came to mind was the star chamber , the king looking on as they had faced each other over a poisoned cup .
i swear , that girl never said a bad thing about anything or anyone , even to those of us who were n't that nice to her .
personally i think it would have looked better if she 'd kept it down , but that was the last thing i wanted to say .
as they spoke , the only thing i could think about was that scene from julius caesar where brutus stabs him in the back .
whenever someone tells you something sad , it 's the only thing you can think to say , even if you ' ve already said it before .
i said this not only because it was true , but also because it was the same thing that kids said about jamie .
the first thing she said was that she did n't think she could go , but i told her that i 'd already spoken to her father .
the one thing i did n't tell her was that it looked almost as though hegbert had been crying as i 'd made my way out the door .
my heart was telling me exactly the same thing .
i smile slightly , looking toward the sky , knowing there 's one thing i still have n't told you : i now believe , by the way , that miracles can happen .
the way they ' ve been hounding me and peppering me with questions , it feels like they 're just waiting for me to say the wrong thing or break down sobbing .
then she wondered if she 'd said the wrong thing .
they both denied any such thing and walt gave some ridiculous story about how the bruises got there .
she blurted the first thing that came to her mind .
i just need to know one thing and one thing only .
i just need to know one thing and one thing only .
` ` there 's one more thing you should know , '' sean added quietly .
i realize you wo n't just forget it and that it will still hurt you when you think about it , but when you do i want you to remember one thing .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , '' i said , taking a huge breath .
i kept my gaze turned to the window and said the most honest thing i could think of .
i could n't help wondering if , in a few months ' time , he would say the same thing about me .
i wondered if this girl was the one he 'd met up with the other night or if he 'd decided the same thing as me - to move on to someone else tonight .
one thing was for certain - it was hard to leave bennett after a marathon make - out session on my couch or at his door .
when you tell me one thing but you really mean another ?
in their neck of the woods , saying the wrong thing to the wrong guy could spell real trouble .
he scratched his chin a little as he tried to piece the whole thing together .
incidentally , did you know that the whole eight glasses a day thing is complete bullshit and has no scientific basis ?
` ` well , the first thing that you have to understand is that in the country we were n't ever poor .
like , take for example the tischler thing , which happened to be true ( and hassan remembered it correctly ) .
son , if there 's one thing i know , '' and colin thought about how old people always like to tell you the one thing they know , ` ` it 's that there 's some people in this world who you can just love and love and love no matter what . ''
son , if there 's one thing i know , '' and colin thought about how old people always like to tell you the one thing they know , ` ` it 's that there 's some people in this world who you can just love and love and love no matter what . ''
` ` that 's the funniest thing you ' ve ever said , colin singleton . ''
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing you ' ve ever said . ''
most of what he 'd said had meant only one thing .
the next thing she heard was the sound of the door closing .
the hurt , angry look that she could believe such a terrible thing of him .
that was the first thing that came to his mind , although it was singularly unimaginative .
the first thing she asked was whether he wanted to sleep with her to sample the goods before making his decision .
what kind of father would say such a thing ? ''
` ` actually , i was about to ask you the same thing , '' chase said stiffly .
` ` no ... oh , chase , that was the most beautiful thing you could ' ve said . ''
just answer one thing .
and she always said the same thing : how 's my favorite boy in the whole world ?
this one thing he knew above everything else .
liam held her hands again , both of them this time , talking to her , saying the same thing over and over again .
such a little thing , maybe it meant nothing at all , but maybe ... ` ` you loved him so much , my mikita .
he figured his chance of saying the right thing to her was about equal to his chances of climbing mt .
maybe then we will never have to tell the ninos this terrible thing , si ? ''
but knowing a thing did n't change it .
` ` how could i forget such a thing ?
the last thing liam heard as he slammed the car door was ` ` get the license plate number . ''
all this time , he 'd waited and prayed , and in every dream he had , his mom said the same thing when she woke up .
he would have given anything in that moment to say the perfect thing .
she could n't remember every single thing , but she remembered most of it .
gabriel was confident of one thing .
` ` it seems to me i asked the same thing of you recently and did it help ?
it could be blizzard conditions and her father would say the same thing .
he was tall and so thin the first thing she thought of whenever they met was that someone should feed him .
` ` i guess you could say the same thing about me .
` ` that 's the most ridiculous thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' monica managed despite her outrage .
` ` he 'd say the same thing to anyone who gave him horsy rides and took him to the movies . ''
felt it to the very marrow of her bones , but she 'd believed the same thing a hundred times before .
i do n't know which one ... it 's about two people who must end their affair , and the girl who 's singing asks only one thing . ''
she had n't a clue what had prompted her to ask such a thing .
ted rubbed his hand along the side of his jaw , as if he would have liked nothing better than to forget the whole thing .
her head was telling her one thing as she stored the papers inside her briefcase , and her heart was saying something entirely contradictory .
promise me one thing , '' she said .
of one thing he was sure : he 'd never intended to hurt joy .
it was a sweet thing to say , and at the same time , although the older woman had n't intended it to be that way , it was cruel .
` ` sure thing , but as you said , i do n't have any right to be firing or hiring you . ''
the only thing i 'll ask of you in the way of deportment is mutual respect . ''
` ` one thing 's for sure , no one picked mike , '' taunted a boy in the back of class .
she could n't believe roberto would say such a thing .
julie was horrified to hear her father saying such a thing to a man who 'd insulted her .
not when she said one thing and wanted another .
` ` you have to agree to one thing first . ''
` ` jack would never- '' ` ` i said the same thing about burton , '' anne told her .
that was a dreadful thing to say . ''
` ` you can tell my father one thing , '' roy said angrily .
i 'll say one thing for her , '' he muttered cynically .
she could n't believe that her father would ask such a thing , especially with her sitting there .
` ` have n't i been saying the same thing ?
my mother said almost exactly the same thing to me .
` ` i did n't promise him any such thing , laurie .
that was the same thing his mother had said .
` ` i said the same thing . ''
do n't listen to a thing i say . ''
right list has been done by every woman in america and they all say the same thing , '' i said , then rattled off the usual handsome , charming , blah , blah , blah .
richard the bastard had been sweet in the beginning , too , saying all the right things .
was the first thing she said , taking the seat across from me .
` ` hmm , well , i have n't heard a thing . ''
royce said sweet things and wanted to be around me .
that was just the kind of thing a domineering triple c would say .
it was the last thing to float through my mind before i sank into a deep slumber .
my chest constricted , just like it always did when he said such sweet things .
` ` that 's the most romantic thing i ' ve ever heard .
the only thing that i can think is that he does n't want me .
` ` hey , maybe there is one thing i could tell you . ''
he admitted that he did n't know much about pregnancy , but if there was one thing he was sure about , it was the fact that pregnant women often had strange cravings .
what kind of person would write such a thing ?
` ` that 's bad enough , but that is n't the only thing that hurts .
the one thing you ' ve got to remember is to see the big picture .
your brothers think the same thing ! ''
well , i 'll tell you straight up that no man says to himself as he 's walking down the aisle , gee , i ' m going to work hard and sacrifice so i can provide a good living for my family , and i ' m going to spend hours with my kids even when i ' m tired , all the while hugging and kissing and listening to my wife and telling her all my troubles , and meanwhile , i ' m not going to expect a single thing . ''
she was a friend , someone lexie had trusted , but then again , jeremy would have said the same thing about alvin .
` ` but it 's the most romantic thing ever written , mama . ''
intent on putting her at ease , he said the first thing that popped into his head .
not to mention that the pressure of saying the right thing and not making a fool of himself in front of everyone had made him feel faint .
` ` not only is that untrue but it is also an unkind thing to say about a man who is willing to pluck you out of the gutter and turn you into a swan . ''
` ` what a thing to say , '' louise gasped .
something in mr . chilcott 's gaze shifted , and as anthony looked back at him , he knew he 'd managed to say the right thing , that as unlikely as it was , chilcott understood .
and then his friend said the one thing that anthony could n't dispute .
as she stared back at him , her eyes widened , as if this was the very last thing she 'd expected him to say .
` ` i daresay kingsborough may have a thing or two to say about that . ''
` ` you do n't know the first thing about me . ''
on the contrary , he looked forward to it with great anticipation , because if there was one thing he was certain of , it was that she would rather marry him than whoever the griftons had in mind , and now that he knew where to find her , all he had to do was think of a way in which to gain access to her .
` ` you see , what oftentimes occurs is that one of these women , whether she be a debutante or older , becomes so immensely popular that everyone else starts to mirror the way she is dressed , how she sets her hair , the places she enjoys frequenting , along with the things she says .
what on earth had she been thinking to say such a thing to him , pushing him away like that when all she wanted was to hug him close against her ?
that she would say such a thing in public , and with his wife present , was beyond the pale !
that 's a terrible thing to say . ''
one thing was for certain though , and that was that she detested grover with every fiber of her being .
` ` it 's the only thing i can think of that wo n't require an outright confession from him , and since he 's not a fool , i doubt he 'll ever give us one willingly . ''
` ` perhaps not , '' she admitted , ` ` but it seemed like the proper thing to say . ''
` ` what a mean thing to say . ''
it seemed like such a pointless , flaky thing to say .
` ` my mom used to tell me the same thing , '' lincoln said .
jennifer to beth > > one more thing : i kind of love you for not asking me how i ' m feeling .
i thought that was such a weird thing to offer , but frankly , i ' m exactly the sort of person to be comforted by french fries , so i ate them .
it was a cold thing to say , but i was losing my nerve .
that was a lousy thing to say .
` ` she was supposed to give me the recipe for that carroty chicken thing she makes , with the celery ?
what if i 'd told you the same thing that my mother told me when i left eve 's father ?
then lincoln found himself saying the thing he always said to women , the thing he actually needed to say to beth .
then lincoln found himself saying the thing he always said to women , the thing he actually needed to say to beth .
she looked skeptical - maybe about more than just the last thing he said .
suddenly panicked by her loss of willpower , she said the first thing that came to mind .
then he said , ` ` tell me one thing , kia .
` ` mr . donovan , let me make one thing clear to you .
` ` but- '' ` ` say one more thing about danielle ford and i 'll fire you myself . ''
he 'd realized one thing tonight .
he may not be able to argue with the truth , but one thing was for certain .
dear god , the only thing she 'd regret right now was not making love to him .
i never heard another thing until you sent me that letter and even then i did n't realize robert had forged my signature .
` ` my reasons are my own , but i 'll tell you one thing .
damien had told russell the same thing not long before his stroke , when the other man appeared to be fretting over the loss of his daughter .
` ` you did n't have a spare bedroom before , '' she said stupidly , saying the first thing that came to mind , trying not to let him see her reaction .
for one thing these women did n't know about her and damien 's past affair .
` ` i ' ve come to tell you one thing .
she was shocked he 'd say such a thing .
joel had a puzzled look that said he might be thinking the same thing .
` ` you realize dad would never have said such a thing . ''
okay , so there was probably nothing to it , but she just did n't like that blake was telling her one thing , then doing another .
` ` yeah , well , far be it for me to ask you to say one thing and do another . ''
mike wanted to say the exact right thing .
` ` that whole no lying thing .
` ` i texted you , '' she said , accusation infiltrating every word , anger focused on dylan , ` ` and asked for one f**king thing .
` ` you two blew it , and if she lets you back in , let me make one thing perfectly clear . ''
of course that threat of hers about a prenuptial had been a childish thing to say , but it served nick right for drawing such a line in the sand .
it was the first personal thing she 'd said to her all night .
flustered , she said the first thing that came to mind .
it sounded a ridiculous thing for her to say now .
it was precisely the wrong thing to say .
he 'd said the exact right thing .
` ` when i asked annalise why she 'd married you , she said more or less the same thing . ''
derek had said exactly the right thing .
` ` i ' ve been told the same thing from these handsome men but i do n't want to lose my love of cooking and if i had to do it for the long hours it takes in order to succeed , i 'd no longer enjoy it , '' jasmine said to her .
` ` i know you do trinity and that was a crappy thing to say , i ' m sorry .
he had n't meant for it to slip out but from the gleam in her eyes , it had been the right thing to say .
he prayed she never knew that because it may end up destroying him , if the one thing she asked for was to be set free .
` ` i was just thinking the same thing about you , '' sierra replied .
gavin decided he 'd like to tell lars a thing or two .
you did a fantastic job saying just the right thing to the models to get the look right .
i do n't know the first thing about putting on leather or whatever it is he 'd want !
i ' m sure the same thing is true with them . ''
it was the truest thing he had ever told imasu , and he never told him any more truth than that .
but then , it had n't meant the same thing to him .
` ` and if cross is anywhere near as messed up as we are , he 's thinking the same thing in reverse , wondering what a hot babe like you sees in a guy like him .
immaculately dressed in a black pinstriped suit , he accepted the cup of coffee i handed him and gave me a look that promised all sorts of wicked things .
i cupped his face , needing him to understand this one thing without question .
a million questions and speculations roared through my mind , but the one thing that stuck out was , ` ` are we still going to share a bed when we 're sleeping ? ''
` ` i did n't hear one thing out of that fucking mouth of yours to convince me you did n't enjoy every minute . ''
it had only been seven days , and as much as i tried to pretend it was n't true , it was the only thing i could think about .
she still tried to leave and i felt panicked , blurting out the first thing that came to mind .
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i told him , they 're too much alike .
that had to be the sexiest fucking thing i 'd ever heard .
you ... '' her voice trailed off quietly as her eyes closed and even though her words said one thing , she leaned further into my touch .
she whispered the only thing i needed to hear , ` ` yes , '' and i pressed my forehead to hers , silently promising the both of us that i would find a way to make this work .
once i was inside my car , i started the engine and pulled out my phone , texting the first thing that came to mind .
a full minute passed without a response and i wondered if i 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` that is the sweetest , most idiotic thing anyone has ever said to me .
` ` the thing you could n't possibly understand , will , is there is a benefit to f**king only one woman : she learns exactly what to do .
beneath his track pants i could see the pop of muscles in his thigh and so almost missed it when he repeated , ` ` a thing ? ''
it was random but by far not the weirdest thing he 'd ever asked me .
i searched my mind and typed the first semi - dirty thing i could think of : sometimes , when we 're running and you 're controlling your breathing and lost in the rhythm of it , i wonder what noises you make during sex .
it was probably the hottest thing i 'd ever heard a woman say .
she was quietly gasping the same thing over and over - oh my god - which i was thinking , too .
my hands shook as i pulled out my phone and found his picture , typing the only thing that came to mind : are you awake ?
my brothers had said almost the same thing to me on different occasions and i can assure you , it sounded very different coming out of will sumner 's mouth .
tilting her head , she said , ` ` and start with the first thing i told you in the elevator . ''
` ` despite that whole ' work ' thing i mentioned , i think you could probably keep me up all night again , if you really wanted . ''
` ` that is now my favorite thing you ' ve ever said .
i wondered for a sharp , painful beat how many other women had thought the exact same thing .
alice is ready to explode , but i know that nothing i can say now will change a thing - it 's bella 's turn to diffuse the situation , and not even the seconds of loaded silence tip her off how her words might have been perceived .
the more i think of that , the more uncomfortable i am , and just to get rid of that feeling i blurt out the first thing that comes to my mind .
i think that 's a good idea , in fact it 's the first sensible thing i ' ve heard from you tonight .
do you even listen to a thing i say ?
seeing what i 'd done to you was the worst thing that i ever felt , and i put all my efforts into taking that pain away again , any way i could think of .
she still has n't said a thing , so i sigh and go on , trying to somehow put a conclusion to my rant .
she 's told me that very thing several times since the shit hit the fan , and i have to admit , today i ' m more tempted than ever to take her up on her offer .
bella has told me the very same thing , over and over again , and it takes my uncanny knack for eavesdropping to make me realize that i do n't really believe her , same as i do n't believe jazz .
then there 's only one thing left to ask .
this is actually the first thing she tells me that i can blindly agree with , so i sink down onto the sofa , my knee idly touching hers .
because for some reason i can not fathom my mind starts jumping from conclusion to conclusion , and one moment i ' m soaring high because everything was great and i just know we 're finally over this and i ' m really enjoying everything new that you show me - and the next i realize that means that i ' m just like you and that every f**king stupid thing jazz told me about you , all that shit why he thinks you 're bad for me and why he pretty much despises you - that 's also me .
so that i do n't , i do n't know , make you think i ' m dumping you with the first thing i say or something . ''
the whole marital bliss thing i mean .
my mind is blank , so i blurt out the first thing i can think of .
i can see bella biting her lip hard , probably not to blurt out the first thing coming to her mind , so i relieve her of that pressure .
chapter 23 there 's one thing i ' ve never expected i will think of myself - that i ' m a wimp .
` ` you pretty much said the exact same thing before , repeating that wo n't really make me see it any better , you know ? ''
` ` trust me , that 's one thing i would n't lie about . ''
that 's the only thing that my racing mind seems to agree on .
` ` the first thing you say that actually sounds right , why should n't i feel rejected when you so obviously still want to f**k him ? ''
and all through that the only thing i could think about was that whatever she said , i really needed to talk to sheila about what had happened in the hospital .
the last thing that i really got to say was that if she was n't such a self - centered bitch she would have seen months ago that things would never be the same between bella and me .
i have to admit , it 's not an easy thing for me to say , and i do n't think i could accept just anyone else , but jazz is different .
when i finally break the silence , the only thing that leaves my lips is , ` ` i do n't know . ''
again i have to swallow the impulse to say the first thing that comes to my mind - which in this case is a tie between me informing her that i 'd love to bend her over and f**k her when she 's wearing only that dress and stay - ups , and telling her that i do n't mind as long as she 's my slut - and immediately shake my head .
like always she finds exactly the right thing to say to shut me up , and when i remain silent she pulls out the bread for the ducks and breaks off a piece for me .
one thing i agree with , if we keep on like this , neither of us will be able to stand by evening , but i do n't think that will be much of a problem if things go even roughly according to plan .
her reaction tells me one thing clearly - she may now be too tired to even kneel on the floor , but she 's still horny as fuck , and there 's no need for me to hold back .
no wonder bella and jazz both fell for the amazingly sweet things you say ! ''
` ` that might be the most inarticulate thing i ' ve ever heard you say . ''
and another thing , '' she said , taking a much - needed breath and turning toward kristin , who , could only stand there , frozen , lips parted in concern as if she were worried moving could trigger more chloe rage .
he turned and asked bennett the same thing , and without hesitation , bennett 's deep voice easily carried the two life - altering syllables : ` ` i do . ''
` ` think about the most horrible thing you could possibly think of .
i ca n't help but tell him that very thing .
how many times have i heard that very thing since my parents died ?
i pointedly ignore the one thing that it might be ... the thing that i ' m hoping like hell it 's not .
what an interesting thing to say .
and one thing i learned from my father is that people like him do n't apologize often .
i decide to start with the only thing i can easily explain .
the answer comes to me immediately and it 's the only thing that makes sense .
guilt , for the thing i ' m not saying , weighs so heavily on my chest that i can barely breathe .
` ` the second thing , jacey . ''
` ` and i ' m right now when i tell you the same thing . ''
out of all the things i feel , this is the thing i feel the most .
yet another thing the army told us .
that 's the only thing i can think of for a minute .
and there is one thing that i can tell you ... tony romano was a hero .
and he said the exact perfect thing .
as i look at her , backlit by the sun and gorgeous as f**king hell , it 's the only thing i can think of .
` ` the only thing i ' m afraid of is losing you . ''
one thing is certainly true , this man is my own personal hero .
i know that brand is thinking the same thing i am .
that 's definitely one thing i ' ve learned in life .
because the last thing she said was your name .
we both know why your name was the last thing on her lips .
that 's one thing that 's clear about dominic kinkaide .
i chuckle because it 's the same thing he always says and help myself to a glass .
and there 's not one thing mentioned about emma , whoever she is .
for some reason , i can practically see lucifer himself saying the same thing with the same expression on his face .
why would she tell me such a thing ?
` ` same thing , '' i tell her wryly , and with that , the tension between us is lifted .
logically , i know that can only mean one thing .
all along , i ' ve been chasing what 's bad for me when maybe the very best thing for me has been in front of me all along .
but i demanded one thing from her in exchange for my forgiveness . ''
` ` for one thing , amy and i are n't exclusive , '' i answer , turning to walk back toward my car .
another thing to file away in my memory .
i do know one thing , though ; i wo n't be drinking it ever again .
john said the same thing .
and then the silence falls again and i find myself back on the chair opposite him , twiddling my thumbs and searching my brain for the right thing to say .
the fleeting look that passes over his face nearly has me convinced he 's read my mind , but then he 's probably thinking the exact same thing .
' that was a shitty thing to say . '
my blood runs cold as i search my brain for the right thing to say .
i ' m bursting with uncertainties , but i know one thing for certain .
i ' m re - visiting the same thing over and over in my mind .
' i just want to say one thing . '
i know one thing , though .
it 's attached to a security wire which can only mean one thing .
' what was the first thing you thought when you saw me ? '
it 's the only thing i can think to ask .
that really was a stupid thing to say .
' that 's probably the stupidest thing i ' ve ever said . '
` ` i ' m sorry if i said the wrong thing .
` ` sometimes when he 's drinking , i can say just the wrong thing . ''
here they were , in bed together , with the scent of their sex still in the air , and she could n't think of a single thing to say to him .
` ` i once had a fortune cookie that said the same thing . ''
they were the right words , the thing she should say , but the denial of this moment caught in her throat .
` ` for each mandm , you have to tell one thing about the bride or groom and make a prediction for the future . ''
she 'd picked up on the one thing in the sentence that revealed something .
she has a true gift for saying exactly the wrong thing . ''
the one thing she knew for certain - had learned from hard - won experience - was that anonymous sex was all she could handle .
when dad drew back , there were tears in his eyes , and she knew he 'd been thinking the same thing .
i get the same thing all the time .
the real thing this time , not that sexy kitten - laugh she used in hollywood , but the deep , tavern sound she 'd been born with .
the advice had come in dozens of ways and hundreds of different sentences , but it all boiled down to the same thing : contact him .
for three years , he 'd poured his heart out to her , told her everything ; suddenly he could n't think of a thing to say .
they each said the same thing : inoperable .
the next day , meghann had taken her sister to swedish hospital , where yet another neuro - oncologist had said the same thing , his opinion bolstered by yet another radiologist .
she had to be careful from now on , had to say the right thing .
it was the same thing gina always said .
by the time the song ended , i knew one thing for absolutely certain : i was n't over chase delany .
` ` i guess the most important thing i need you to understand is that i was n't doing anything with those girls .
i knew one thing : i 'd hurt one of them , whomever i chose , and i 'd always wonder in part of my mind what life would have been like if i 'd chosen the other .
i guess i always knew he did n't want me , but to hear it ... '' ` ` that 's a shitty thing to say . ''
one thing the counselor emphasized a lot was , when the memories are riding you , do n't turn to alcohol .
` ` okay , just promise me one thing ? ''
see , this whole no sex for the last three months thing had been shitty for me , too .
` ` he said the same thing , basically .
that was the first thing i checked . ''
she 'd wanted to punch them as hard as she could and then ask them the same thing .
she glared back at him , upset he could make her feel bad , especially when he had n't said a single thing to her , yet .
she only wanted one thing from him and she would get it , one way or the other .
` ` you do n't need to be writing every little thing down .
` ` you ' ve been gone a long time , '' was the first thing she heard as she stepped into max 's office .
` ` i will tell you the same thing i told my father .
` ` that 's the best thing you could ever say to me .
she was n't used to weapons and did n't know the first thing about how to fire a gun .
it seems the only thing anyone in this freaking hospital knows how to say is , the doctor will be with you shortly , '' alex snapped .
she 'd seen the same thing with many of her patients ' families .
i understand that both your father and uncle are in here , and i wish i could give you more information , but the only thing i can tell you at this time is that he 's stable .
the doctors kept telling her the same thing - only time will tell .
she wondered if the cold shower thing worked for women .
her neighbor had n't wasted any time whatsoever in knocking on her door , first thing in the morning so she could get the scoop on the hunk in the hallway the night before .
austin had actually heard trenton say the same thing to his son .
` ` i can say the same thing , '' she murmured , hoping she would n't wake up to find it all just a dream .
who walked up to a stranger and asked such a thing of them ?
i really am , but i ' m a busy man , and i do n't know the first thing on how to teach this kind of ... lesson .
he was insulted she 'd even think such a thing .
and , what an idiotic thing to say ?
maybe he seduced women , convinced them of one thing or another , lured them to his home under the guise of modeling for his photography , and slept with them .
he scooped half the eggs onto a waiting plate , dashed for the fridge , grabbed a container , then a spoon from a drawer nearby , this , that , and the next thing .
and , really , there were worse things in life than someone telling you to get them coffee .
unknown reasons , hidden somewhere in the depths of his mind , but i never doubted that he had very specific and important reasons for every single thing he said or did .
the buttons all looked the same , though some said one thing or another .
i 'll bring you around wherever you need to go , help you out , that kind of thing .
that 's the wrong thing to say , is n't it ?
` ` shall i ask you the same thing , or can we cut through this nonsense ? ''
she needed to remember only one thing : this was life or death .
apparently any semblance of rational thought was beyond her , because she could n't come up with a single thing to say to him that did n't start and end with her begging him to stay .
questions thrashed through julia 's mind and she could not help but blurt out the first thing that came into her head when damien turned to her , still nak*d . ` ` '' what the hell was that ? ''
it was hard to think when you knew somebody was thinking the same thing right along with you .
she offered at last , it being the only thing to come to mind at the moment .
they would n't expect their lady to lie about such a thing .
helen gasped , shocked that the maid might even think such a thing .
i know this is going to sound weird , but you were on board with the cat thing and the sorcerer thing . ''
the first thing greta said after the magic faded was , ` ` what about charlee ?
` ` that 's a lousy thing to tell a woman in the middle of a lifestyle change . ''
` ` but some of the things you said about the hollow over apple pie echoed pretty closely some of the things my mother said to me today .
` ` but some of the things you said about the hollow over apple pie echoed pretty closely some of the things my mother said to me today .
` ` now that is a very acceptable thing to say . ''
he had n't planned to say it , certainly had n't expected it to be the first thing out of his mouth .
` ` the one thing i said before ?
i 'd still love you , because that sort of thing sticks with me , but i 'd be mad , and more , i 'd be disappointed in you .
` ` i do not say things i do not mean , sweetheart , '' he told willow , automatically trying to reassure her .
what would you have done if she had told you the same thing just a month ago ?
he asked only one thing of her , that she only drink from other women .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing anyone ever said to me . ''
you got one at home that you 're buying presents for and saying sweet things and tiptoeing around the house so as not to upset her and generally acting like a spineless nooky slave .
and- '' ` ` just this once , '' i said , cutting her off a second time , ` ` could n't you think of one nice thing to say ? ''
` ` bless his heart , paul keeps telling me the same thing , but i just ca n't make myself wear shoes .
he repeated and from the shocked look on his face i knew it was the last thing he 'd expected me to say .
my sister had been saying the same thing .
he said it was the most honest thing anyone had ever said to him .
everyone bethanne knew , including the counsellor she 'd briefly seen , had told her the same thing .
never once in all the years i was growing up did i hear my father say a negative thing about you .
` ` i would never do anything to hurt you , '' elise told her daughter , hiding her distress that aurora would even imply such a thing .
` ` john peter tully , what a thing to say , '' elise chastised , but stopped when maverick threw back his head and bellowed with laughter .
the first thing alix did was tell me she 'd be knitting the baby blanket to satisfy her court - ordered community service hours .
i told her the same thing i did jacqueline .
how dared he say such a thing to her !
he was always so wise and loving ; he would ' ve known just the right thing to say .
elise cried , horrified he 'd say such a thing .
they both laughed as if it was the funniest thing they 'd heard in ages .
that was a fitting comment , since grant had said virtually the same thing about annie during that conversation at the french cafe .
` ` my daughter said the same thing . ''
when i 'd talked to cody at the end of august , his mother must have been standing close by , because he sounded tentative and cautious , almost as though he was afraid of saying the wrong thing .
she was hurt that her mother would even think such a thing , let alone voice it to a neighbor .
the moment she mentioned her mother , chrissie realized she 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` his father sold him out and my father offered mr . presley the one thing he could n't refuse .
of one thing she was certain ; her brother would never have condoned paying off jake 's family .
` ` what a horrible thing to say about my susannah , '' she flared .
the only thing her father had told her about the accident was that doug had taken the curve too fast and slammed into a tree .
susannah stared at him , unable to say a thing .
` ` i say almost the same thing about the wedding , '' alix told her half - humorously .
his declaration of love in the back room at susannah 's garden had been the most beautiful thing alix had ever heard .
the one thing alix had gleaned from their meeting the week before was that susan turner most definitely did not understand .
` ` barbie said the same thing at our valentine 's party , '' anne marie pointed out .
she decided on clam chowder in a bread bowl and when the server came , she was surprised to hear melissa order the same thing .
` ` melissa asked me the same thing . ''
the last thing i 'd expected from margaret had been her blessing , and i was deeply touched by her words .
` ` your father used to say the same thing . ''
` ` answer me one thing and then i 'll leave . ''
was the f irst thing she wanted to ask .
he said the f irst thing that came to mind .
` ` i agree ... '' ` ` then why- '' ` ` the fact that i 'd even ask such a thing of you proves how badly i want to see my son settled .
promise me one thing . ''
it was such a comforting thing to say that anne marie was instantly at ease .
he could n't think of a single thing to warrant this reaction and felt sick as he contemplated the new fact of his life - what had seemed so promising only hours earlier was now completely and utterly over .
the thing you must remember is that my life 's journey is over .
hannah had said almost the same thing .
` ` you know better than to ask such a thing . ''
then she frowned , suddenly sure of one thing .
she said essentially the same thing . ''
that was the only thing i could think of , probably because she 'd just mentioned it .
ritchie and patrick were telling me essentially the same thing .
but the last thing leanne had heard , only two days ago , was that mark was at a rehab facility on the east coast , recovering from his injuries .
` ` if i can , i 'd like to ask one thing of you , '' grant said , obviously deciding on a more conciliatory approach .
` ` sure thing , '' ruth said , ` ` but again you have to remember that was a long time ago . ''
the tow truck driver climbed out of his rig and walked toward them but before she left , bethanne had one last thing to say .
apparently , her father said the same thing to ruth that he 'd said to annie , because her grandmother shook her head as if she had trouble accepting his advice .
he said basically the same thing in each one .
` ` do n't you think that 's the same thing mom 's asking herself ?
he was pretty , same thing .
i forgot a lot of things , including my sudden unease in the forest .
the nicest thing a man had said about them was that they were ` ` fucking big . ''
zee had said the same thing .
` ` that might be the nicest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
either the wolf was n't cadotte or the name thing did n't work .
there was nothing there i did n't already know , except for one last thing .
she made a strangled little sound in her throat that was about the sexiest damn thing he 'd ever heard , and that pushed him over the edge .
he seemed to think that it was just a matter of time before beth ann took him back , and that he simply had to say the right thing or give her enough sad , puppy - dog eyes to melt her heart and she 'd forgive him all the hurt .
though he had said the thing about the horror movie .
that dimple reappeared , and she felt like she 'd suddenly said the right thing .
she also could n't think of a thing to ask him .
and it was the hottest f**king thing he 'd ever heard .
that was such a ... direct thing to say .
his hands tightened on the steering wheel , and she wondered if she 'd said the wrong thing .
most erotic thing he 'd ever heard .
he brightened , and she knew she 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` i have n't heard a thing , '' she said innocently , and gave lucy a hard look .
` ` you 're not going to say a thing , '' he bit out .
she 'd said pretty much the same thing three or four times already , but nell supposed her shock was understandable .
` ` that 's a dumb thing to say .
now his voice had an edge , as if he were getting irritated because the whole pat - her - on - the - head , soothe - her thing had n't worked .
the other thing you need to know is that i do n't make this offer lightly .
always worrying about doing or saying the wrong thing was exhausting .
never regret a single thing .
were his friends thinking the same thing about her ?
` ` that 's the most awesome thing i ' ve ever heard a guy say . ''
brittany had a glow about her that could only mean one thing .
the first thing you have to tell us is just how good he is in the sack .
i ' m too upset to form a coherent argument and the last thing i want is to say things i 'll regret . ''
` ` sure thing , '' she said , picking up the carton .
` ` well , yeah , '' she said , as if that was the most obvious thing in the world .
maybe that was n't the smartest thing to say to someone who held all the cards , but she meant it , and the absolute truth of that glittered in her eyes - for all the good it did .
in a day or so , she 'll be allowed to call her father and tell him the same thing , in case someone here onboard sends an e - mail or text message to her father , asking if she 's okay . ''
she 'd been told the same thing that redwine had been told , that her friend 's safety depended on what she did , that each was hostage for the other .
that was the first thing any of them had let slip about larkin , and it was n't anything to do with why they were spying on him , but the comment was still telling .
for a long , heart - stopping minute he thought he 'd lost her , and the only thing he 'd been able to think was that he was n't ready to let her go .
he thought it was an odd thing to say .
i had n't learned one thing .
that was by far the oddest thing anyone had ever said or asked of me .
so , i thought you deserved the same thing in return . ''
but there was one thing i wanted to make very clear .
olivia was thinking the same thing , although she could n't and would n't admit it .
as though she 'd admit such a thing to a reporter !
ian knew the minute he uttered the words that he 'd said the wrong thing .
she could n't believe he 'd say such a thing .
` ` why would he think such a thing ?
that was n't the smartest thing to admit .
cecilia had started to believe the very same thing .
` ` that everything looks normal and healthy , but we were told the same thing before . ''
there 's only one more thing i want to say .
right to her face he 'd said such a thing , not caring how that made her feel .
` ` the only thing i ask is that you tell me who it is . ''
the only thing i ' ve come up with is that , for some reason , joan 's sister did n't like jacob . ''
and his mother said the same thing .
but she was certain the woman who 'd nurtured and raised her would have said the same thing .
she felt the same thing about her bingo .
she did n't want to say the wrong thing .
they both said the same thing , and i respect their opinions . ''
` ` did n't i say the same thing to you ?
linc stared at him , still unable to believe that even bellamy would suggest such a thing .
he only had to be told one thing : that she was safe .
` ` okay , but before i go i want you to know i regret one thing . ''
` ` i bet you 're thinking the same thing i am . ''
` ` my hope is that one day you 'll say the same thing about me . ''
` ` your father and i still have some ground to cover , but one thing came through loud and clear .
of one thing maryellen was sure .
` ` jussie , how can you say such a thing ? ''
` ` shelly was crying too hard for me to hear what she said , but she made one thing plain , '' eric murmured .
if your mother was here instead of in kansas city , she 'd tell you the same thing .
` ` mom said the same thing . ''
she must have something taped to her forehead , grace thought with a sigh , because maryellen had asked her the same thing earlier , when they 'd met for lunch .
he did n't wish stan ill , but he wanted one thing made clear : olivia was off - limits .
she muttered , which was probably the most inane thing she could have said .
` ` but i do have one thing to tell you and then i 'll shut up . ''
grace would say one thing for olivia 's ex - husband : his timing was impeccable .
james had listened politely and then informed her she 'd told him the same thing , almost word for word , the year before .
she was an emotional mess ; if he said one derogatory thing about this dinner , she knew she 'd burst into tears .
zach could hardly believe any judge would say such a thing , especially in these days of no - fault divorce .
the first thing charlotte had told him was that stan and olivia had spent new year 's eve together .
` ` i ca n't believe you 'd say such a thing ! ''
of one thing he was sure : the man , whoever he was , had evoked the recurring nightmare .
she wanted to ask the same thing for herself , but would n't .
` ` i felt the same thing . ''
roy was quick to assure him otherwise , although he 'd wondered the same thing in the beginning .
he asked me if there was someone else and i told him no and feigned anger that he 'd even think such a thing . ''
he did n't need to say anything ; she knew he was thinking the same thing she was .
` ` that 's the most negative thing i ' ve heard you say in months . ''
the second he walked in the door , it would be the same thing all over again - the same desire , the same frustration .
grace could n't think of a single thing she 'd left unsaid or undone .
i told him everything - not one thing did i hold back .
my first idea was to say the same thing helen said to my grandfather .
nick had intended to tell charles and clara the same thing he 'd told the other townspeople who 'd opened their doors to him .
this dinner thing did n't mean anything , nate .
she 'd say one thing for bobby polgar - he was a decent tipper .
to be fair , she asked him pretty much the same kind of thing .
that 's a terrible thing to say about your own son . ''
in talking to robert about rebuilding - and this was obviously not the first such conversation - seth made it clear that he had n't heard a single thing she 'd said in the last two and a half months .
following that , rachel had n't dared ask a single thing .
` ` one thing i 'll say about anson .
he said the next thing that came to mind .
fifteen bobby polgar knew one thing for sure : he was n't going to risk losing his wife because of a chess match .
but the thing no one seemed to grasp was how freeing that felt , how liberating it was not to answer to anyone .
she was sure it meant the same thing here .
` ` justine said the same thing . ''
` ` one thing i vow to you , '' bobby said , taking her hands in his and raising them to his lips .
` ` i know you regret the whole thing .
this was the last thing troy wanted to hear .
` ` that does n't tell me a darn thing .
i do want to say this one thing , however .
grace had to agree ; it was the last thing she 'd expected .
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' mary jo said , kissing the newborn 's forehead .
` ` sure thing , '' peggy told her .
` ` the thing i said about being stupid . ''
it was the one thing he could ' ve said that was guaranteed to send her running after him .
this was the last thing , the absolute last thing , she wanted to hear .
this was the last thing , the absolute last thing , she wanted to hear .
i will ask of you only one thing .
it was the sort of thing he was used to hearing jem say , and though cecily was unlike jem in every other conceivable way , she did share one quality with him : an absolute stubbornness .
yours in raziel 's name , members of the council chapter 5 a heart divided yea , though god search it warily enough , there is not one sound thing in all thereof ; though he search all my veins through , searching them he shall find nothing whole therein but love .
gabriel lightwood is a bounder , but he was right about one thing : you did enjoy fighting the great worm at lightwood house .
` ` the thing i must tell my brother , '' cecily said .
it was always the first thing her**nes in gothic novels asked when they were kidnapped , and it had always annoyed her , but she realized now that it actually made good sense .
it was a very simple , wistful thing to say , but it lodged itself in charlotte 's heart like a sliver of glass .
` ` i ask only one thing of you , charlotte .
` ` that is the first thing you should know . ''
only a few weeks ago he would have said the same thing about himself .
` ` i ask myself the same thing .
but if there is one thing i could ask of you , it is that you be happy .
` ` ... and can not watch over him , if that is not too bold a thing to say , as closely as i would .
yet if i were to tell charlotte , to tell henry and the rest , that my behavior is a sham - that every cruel thing i have said to them is a lie , that i wander the streets only to give the impression that i have been out drinking and whoring when in reality i have no desire to do either - then i have ceased to push them away . ''
echoed tessa , trying in vain to remember such a thing from the codex .
` ` what a beautiful thing to hear . ''
tessa had been wrong about at least one thing : will was shocked .
how can you even think such a thing ?
it was a perfectly ordinary thing to say , but tessa was struck speechless all the same .
` ` he has believed one thing for five years , and now he has realized that all this time he has been looking at the world through a faulty mechanism - that all the things he sacrificed in the name of what he thought was good and noble have been a waste , and that he has only hurt what he loved . ''
i can not be responsible for such a thing .
` ` i ' ve said no such thing , '' he laughed .
` ` let me see ... he 's a ladies ' man is the first thing that enters my memory . ''
again , he found himself struggling for the right thing to say .
` ` okay - only for you because i love you to absolute fucking pieces - i wo n't say another thing to him .
although he 'd had a taste , he feared the only thing he would have left was his instinct of wanting her more and needing to feel her again and again .
` ` it 's a shame i ca n't say the same thing about certain people i know . ''
which was n't the same thing at all .
he 'd always been able to say the right thing .
that 's the funniest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
he could n't imagine such a thing .
` ` that 's a rotten thing to say , '' max snarled .
liam was the closest thing noah had to a family .
the first thing you need to know is that i will never hurt you .
did n't say a single thing .
he cupped her face , stroking her soft , sweet skin as he searched for just the right thing to say .
she was the closest thing lauren had to a mother since her own had passed on .
` ` but the one thing you ' ve all taught me is that i have to do the right thing .
that was one thing seth could say about callie .
that was the one thing she could n't give them .
gradually she became aware of soothing hands and gentle voices saying such sweet things to her .
finally he managed to get out the one thing he knew above all else .
of all the things that holly could have said , this was the farthest thing from lily 's mind .
of all the things that holly could have said , this was the farthest thing from lily 's mind .
` ` what a thing to say to your mother !
if there was one thing in this world she was sure of was that they 'd always protect her and she really did n't have to be afraid .
and there it is , finally , after months of pretending to be okay , the thing i ca n't handle .
i know a thing or two about jealousy , how it can cut you to the bone and bring out the worst in you .
it would be so easy for him to say the wrong thing now ... ` ` we done it .
it 's the same thing the weathermen always say .
i know she wants to say just the right thing , as if the perfect words are a bleach that can remove this stain between us .
i want to mention her wedding , perhaps even say i 'll be there , but i do n't know if i dare promise such a thing .
she does n't know what to say , and she does n't want to say the wrong thing .
i ca n't help remembering my dreamed - of christmas morning where i said the same thing to him .
` ` that 's the first thing you ever said to me , remember ?
for now , all i can do is shrug and say the thing i do know .
julia cates had lost count of the times she 'd told herself that very thing , but today - finally - it would be true .
when i got off the phone with mom , i was angry because i let her talk me into going and i said as a last - minute thing that i was bringing someone .
that was one of the first things yuell told his guys : never use the phone in someone else 's place .
it was the first thing he 'd contributed to the conversation , and teague flashed him a quick glance .
that man never listens to a thing i tell him .
this time the doctor told him the same thing i ' ve been saving for years , and all of a sudden it 's the gospel .
blake and troy think the same thing .
they thought that was hilarious , especially when i told them ' damn idiot ' was a really , really bad thing to say and they should never say it , and i should never have said it in front of them , but that was what you said when you were really mad . ''
` ` be careful , '' she said , because that was the only thing she could think of .
she stared at me for a long moment ` ` but you do n't believe mere 's any such thing , do you ? ''
` ` why would anyone want to prove such a thing ? ''
` ` i could ask you de same thing . ''
i just needed one more thing .
because there was no such thing , no such thing , no such thing .
because there was no such thing , no such thing , no such thing .
because there was no such thing , no such thing , no such thing .
to make sure we were talking about the same thing , i asked , ` ` ca n't what ? ''
` ` funny , i was going to ask you the same thing . ''
` ` there 's no such thing , cher . ''
what a bizarre thing to say to a child .
which was probably the wrong thing to say to a kid , but he was n't my kid , and adam had made it clear he never would be .
` ` i ' ve spoken with voodoo experts ; they all say de same thing .
adam must have thought the same thing , because he squeezed my hand and said , ` ` ok . '' the night passed ; the sun rose ; henri became a man again .
she knew he had said that very thing and while she had not thought anything about them when he had uttered them the sight of the crisp bills in his hand angered her .
ambrose had made one thing perfectly clear : the offer had to be substantially higher than the deal value - x had proposed .
` ` i was thinking the same thing , '' carrie said .
of one thing matt was certain - his wife brought out the very best in him .
maybe he 'd believe that , because it was the only real thing i could give .
i guess he 'd already decided the same thing .
he was my first , and even if i did n't love him , such a thing would be hard for me to forget .
because of one thing i could never make right .
` ` elise , i - ` ` i caught my breath , uncertain of what he meant to say - fearing one thing , hoping for another , not really certain what would be the best for us both .
everything kept circling back to the same thing : yes , or no ?
knowing that was the most comforting thing she could imagine .
instead , it said the same thing .
as andie carefully steered the ford through the long lines of rumbling trucks toward cassie 's rig , cassie cleared her throat , then said hesitantly , ` ` that thing you said about better decisions , what did you mean ? ''
` ` another thing : you should start respecting yourself more and stop hooking up with losers .
andie ordered scrambled eggs , bacon , and toast , and simon went for the same thing except with added hash browns .
` ` i assumed so , or he would n't be stationed in new york , but i can also assume the same thing about you . ''
the last thing she said to me , before we parted ways on the platform , was life - changing .
` ` that was the first thing i learned .
i , too , wondered the same thing when lia told me she had been sleeping with someone else .
after the old , grandmotherly lady in the window handed them their third full bag of food , noelle began to think that had been the wrong thing to say .
the best thing she 'd ever felt in her life was a mistake ?
hell , i thought the same thing until you calmed down . ''
it 's exactly the same thing .
if lana said a thing , she was sure that whether she lived or died , her family would suffer .
` ` i remember david saying the same thing to me a few months ago .
she looked like she was about to say one thing but changed her mind .
such a sily thing to wonder , but it popped into her head , a welcome distraction from her lack of courage .
he 'd asked himself the same thing a thousand times , and al he could come up with was the same pitiful answer .
` ` i appreciate what you ' ve done here , caleb , but not every problem is the kind of thing you share . ''
then again , in his line of work , she figured he knew a thing or two about keeping information to himself .
that was possibly the most frightening thing everett ever heard .
she 'd give him time to think about what she 'd said , but there was one more thing he needed to know .
and if that was n't the perfect thing to say , she did n't know what was .
` ` that 's the only good thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
the only thing she was sure of was that there was no way she was staying here tonight rather than with her son .
how was it that he 'd been thinking about this moment for years but could n't think of one intelligent thing to say now ?
a fight between two leaders usually meant one thing .
this was just awful , the worst thing she could imagine .
it was the only thing she could think to say as her mind screamed that the man was kneeling on the side of the bed , her nak*d back and bottom displayed before him .
in fact , it seemed to be the only thing he could say as he stared down at his trembling wife , not even giving her a chance to answer before bellowing it again .
the only thing she could think was he 'd accidentally kicked it under the bed when getting into it last night , or perhaps at some point when he 'd come up this morning to rub the salve into her .
it seemed a horrible way to live , surrounded by people who thought you a killer but said one thing to your face while saying another behind your back .
but as her voice trails off , i know she 's thinking the same thing i am .
the first thing i 'd assumed when tori told me seth was trying to reach me was that my mom had somehow gotten herself in trouble again .
the only thing i ' m entirely sure of is that i wish the person snatching away the home my grandparents loved so much was anyone else in the world but lucas .
what an awkward , horrible thing for me to say .
no offense , babe , but it 's not exactly l.a . '' i ' m still wondering the exact same thing .
and we wanted to stay because it was the only thing we knew .
just as i reach the door , he says , in a voice that has dropped an octave , ` ` that thing you said about not being a very good submissive ? ''
they all pretty much say the same thing - do n't have sex with lucas - but the last one makes me laugh .
regardless , i know one thing : gram is the only person i would put myself out there like this for - i would n't have even agreed to this arrangement to save my own place because of all the physical and emotional turmoil involved .
it 's the closest thing to an acceptance that i ' m probably going to get from my brother , but for now it works .
` ` you did n't imply any such thing , '' rachel returned , her voice sharp .
` ` it should n't be this hard , '' she said softly , realizing that he 'd said the same thing to her only a few weeks before .
elizabeth understood perfectly ; it was exactly the kind of thing she would have said .
` ` i ' ve been saying the same thing for years . ''
the one thing he 'd always counted on , the bedrock of his life , was that elizabeth loved him .
onetime thing , he reminded himself .
he did n't remember enough about their ordinary lives to really communicate , and he was afraid of saying the wrong thing , showing his ignorance .
he saw by the look on her face that he 'd said the wrong thing .
it was true , and each untried thing had left her emptier .
` ` that 's a shitty thing to say .
not the sort of thing a woman wants to hear .
` ` until this moment , i was n't sure you had any , '' erica snapped , then lifted one hand to cover her mouth , almost as stunned as he was that she 'd said such a thing .
and that , erica thought , was about the sexiest thing in the world .
` ` i could say the same thing about you , cowboy . ''
if there was one thing she was certain of , it was the compliance of her family with one of the resort 's investors .
` ` there was n't any one thing , '' she said , sighing .
` ` shane said virtually the same thing , '' she admitted .
` ` you 're saying you love samantha - the ' til death do you part kind of thing ? ''
custody , and the fact that he did n't know the first thing about being a father .
there was only one thing she could think to say to that , while his lips ravished hers and his thumbs circled closer and closer to her center .
surely everyone in the room must be thinking that very thing about her .
she 'd been seen by the top physicians in the world , had the best treatment money could buy , and he 'd been told the same thing by every one of them .
it was on the tip of her tongue to hurriedly deny any such thing , but she was n't going to lie .
the very last thing i want to do is go back to the endless torture i was subjected to .
` ` he 's flown in doctors from all over the world , and the word is , they ' ve all told him the same thing .
` ` and do n't you say a goddamn thing to my wife about my language . ''
that last thing , she was thinking about telling her counselor .
when he thought of someone writing that ugly thing on her book ... it made him feel like bill bixby just before he turned into the hulk .
it was the nicest thing she could imagine .
she waited until they were at her locker to tell him the other thing .
chapter 24 eleanor it was a terrible thing to admit .
' no , park , at the moment i ca n't think of a single thing i 'd like to say to you . '
with everything going wrong , that was the one thing that was totally right .
the first thing that came to mind was what came out of my mouth , because i 'd been buried in his business all morning .
` ` it was n't just that one thing , though , '' i clarified .
my mom looked at me then and i could n't think of a thing to say to her .
` ` that 's a beautiful thing to say .
` ` he does n't want me here , '' i said flatly , latching on to the one thing i was beginning to comprehend .
he never used my real name , but instead things like ` ` honey '' or ` ` sugar '' .
rolling my eyes , i pass preston who is thinking the same thing .
wanting to spit on him for saying such a thing , i take evasive action and grab the water bottle on his tray and pour it over his head .
` ` and if you say one thing about my cardio being low i ' m going to tackle you . ''
` ` i do not wander through the homes of people , '' she said as if i 'd just said the silliest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` she asked me the same thing .
the first thing that came to mind was an angel .
i asked , making sure my twisted up face looked like that was the stupidest thing i 'd ever heard .
her eyes lit up like i 'd said the most ridiculous thing .
but either way , i still saw the same look in her sad , tear - filled blue eyes , and i wanted to grab her and kiss her eyes , her nose , and her lips like it would erase every horrible thing i ' ve ever said and done .
it was the most honest thing i 'd confided in my mother in a long time .
when i controlled you , i had one f**king thing in my life that made sense .
i held her gaze , her fire meeting my ice , and i could n't deny her one more damn thing that she deserved .
she 'd lost over a hundred pounds several years ago , and even though the mirror showed her one thing , she always saw her old self staring back at her .
when she floated back to earth , she was certain about one thing ; no matter what other problems they might run into down the road , sex would never be one of them .
when she whirled around and threw her hands on her hips , she could tell he knew he had said the wrong thing .
one thing she was certain of , she would never be as cold and distant as her mother .
` ` i just call them all the same thing , eggs are eggs , right ? ''
arriane raised her eyebrows , almost inviting luce to speak , but neither one of them said a thing .
that had always been luce 's least favorite thing to hear .
luce could n't think of a single thing to say to cam , but it felt perfect when daniel rolled down the window and simply said , ` ` good night , cam . ''
he kept murmuring the same thing over and over - ' something must have happened .
and even though it had been her only real kiss , luce knew that if you asked her again in sixty years , a hundred years , she would say the same thing .
one look at his distant , dark profile , so beautiful and majestic , told her that everything daniel had hinted at - even the one big thing she 'd figured out on her own - everything was true .
there was one more thing she wanted to tell him .
i have dreams about you , dreams that are too real to forget , dreams that made me love you before you ever said one nice thing to me . ''
her voice would break if she tried to say a thing .
luce knew instantly from the expression on shelby 's face that this was the wrong thing to say .
` ` that was the last thing i was expecting from my wednesday morning .
such a weird thing to say .
it was the only thing she was certain of .
` ` you know that thing i said last night about dawn making out with some greaseball ?
` ` i know one thing , daniel , '' she said , staring down at him .
` ` but recently , going through the announcers with you , really seeing how much more there is to this world , meeting daniel in jerusalem , watching how different cam was when he was engaged ... maybe there is such a thing as true love . ''
but maybe tess was counting on that very thing .
the others were quiet , probably thinking the same thing luce was .
the logic made luce 's brain hurt a little , but she was clear on one thing : she distrusted phil .
it felt impossible to say the same thing to the throne .
it felt like the most honest thing she 'd said all week .
slow kisses being placed on the inside of my calf and along the arch of my foot was the first thing that registered with me .
i did n't want to tell you the wrong thing .
she knew immediately she 'd said the wrong thing .
he realized it was n't an admirable goal , not the kind of thing you would want the world to know about you .
her father had said pretty much the same thing the last time they 'd attempted to talk .
men did n't mean the same thing as women when they spoke of being in love .
` ` i object to every single thing you just said . ''
and she smiled at everyone who crossed her path , as if it were the most generous thing she could offer .
` ` that might be the most idiotic thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
these people always reject the first thing they hear- '' ` ` dad , i need to talk to you about something . ''
because it was the stupidest thing she could think to say .
the last thing levi had said to her , when they 'd parted in the hospital lobby , was , ` ` plug in your phone . ''
` ` i liked the whole thing , '' levi said .
what 's that thing you wrote about simon once , that his eyes followed baz ' like he was the brightest thing in the room , like he cast everything else into shadow ' ?
cath climbed onto him reluctantly , still thinking about the last thing she 'd typed , not sure she wanted to leave it behind .
` ` malone said the same thing .
i was thinking the same thing earlier . ''
` ` i said the same thing about nick . ''
i need one thing in my life i can be sure of . ''
if i may , i 'd like to say one more thing - obviously , i do n't wish to lose my current rank , but i want you to know that if i had the o'connor investigation to do over again , i would n't change a single thing .
she 'd meant it when she told the board she would n't change a thing about the o'connor investigation .
` ` i 'll tell you the same thing i told my dad last night . ''
` ` i would n't change one thing about the way we fell in love .
` ` it 's not the same thing , '' diandra snapped .
we 'll issue a joint statement saying this is the only thing either of us will ever have to say on the issue .
` ` so how 's that whole ' i ' m a crazy horn dog after all ' thing going ? ''
` ` that was the first thing i checked on ben . ''
he had hung up before she could tell him the one thing she wanted him to hear above all else .
` ` few things you should know , '' ash spoke up .
jace knew it was a shitty thing to say , but then ash had been pretty shitty himself .
if only he could go back to that night , he 'd never say a goddamn thing to ash .
they both said the same thing .
his wife , if he had any damn thing to say about it .
the one thing she had n't given until now .
jace has been telling me the same thing , only i have n't been listening .
` ` do n't apologize for another damn thing .
` ` never felt a sweeter thing , baby , '' he whispered .
i ' m barely hanging on to the whole mr . nice guy thing . ''
if you need to say sexy things like that , make sure it 's not in a public place . ''
when his sweet little ella sat beside him on the couch and started quoting lines from movies , it was about the hottest thing he had ever heard .
the only thing he was sure of was that he had had sex with her .
before you think the wrong thing ellie , there was n't anything sexual about it .
the only thing he had managed to get out of her was that evan was fine and at a friend 's house .
voicing the exact same thing she had been wondering , her mother turned to crystal and said , ` ` what in the world is wrong with you lately ?
surprised , declan said , ` ` that was about the last thing i expected to hear from you .
one thing i can tell you for sure is this : we only regret what we do n't do in life . ''
she 'd learned a thing or two about vulnerability from her mother , and she felt too fragile now to risk humiliation .
she closed her eyes , thinking the same thing over and over again .
she might not be the most experienced girl in the world , but neither was she the most naive , and there was one thing of which she was sure : it mattered whether johnny had loved tully .
when it was her turn to answer , she tried to say the right thing , but she was pretty sure she failed more often than not .
` ` you do n't know how much i want to say the right thing to make you feel better . ''
` ` that 's one thing you ' ve always known .
i know that 's a greedy thing to say , but i ' m tired of working eighteen hours a day and coming home to an empty house . ''
god knew she 'd heard the same thing often enough in her life .
in these last few weeks of summer , she 'd learned one true thing : teenage girls lived on the phone .
` ` you 're taking advice from a woman who does n't know the first thing about love or family or the hard choices women have to make .
every specialist said the same thing .
` ` that 's the same thing katie said to me , '' she said , and just like that , the realization of how similar they were made tully ache all over again .
with everyone she loved standing around her bed , she said goodbye to them one by one , whispering one last special thing to each of them .
the only thing i can think of to say is , ` ` oh .
the one thing he knew for sure was this : if kate were here , she 'd kick his ass for how he 'd unraveled after her death and how he 'd treated her best friend .
but one thing she knew now for sure : she could n't go back to los angeles with him .
the thing that stops me this time , just as it has each time before : i ca n't write my story without knowing my own history .
one thing i know for sure .
i can see that johnny is about to say the wrong thing - anything about her appearance is the wrong thing lately .
i did n't know much about life back then , but i knew one thing for sure : good girls from rancho flamingo did not talk to boys with dark skin named montoya .
that 's the last thing tully had said to her on that terrible december night when marah had chosen paxton over everyone else who loved her .
if there was one thing they were all certain of , it was this : dr . bevan was sorry that tully had n't wakened from her coma .
` ` yeah , '' she said , and it was the one thing in all of this about which she was sure .
dr . bloom had tried to convince her that tully 's condition was n't her fault - everyone had - but it was one more thing marah could n't make herself believe .
dorothy wished she were the kind of woman who could believe a thing like that .
it was one thing steele could say for her .
saying sweet things and giving her compliments .
good grief , what woman in bed with him could ever think such a thing ?
she could n't think of a single thing to say to him .
` ` i ' ve been called a lot of things , but i do n't think anyone has ever called me sweet , '' he said dryly .
she broke off and stared back at him , scared shitless to say the thing uppermost on her mind .
it was weak , barely audible , and yet his name was the sweetest thing he 'd ever heard .
what she would n't have given to hear any other man say such sweet things to her .
which could only mean one thing : toren had grown to love her .
he is staring at me and says , ` ` i ca n't believe the cupcake thing worked ! ''
i ' m pretty sure i mentioned the ' smoking kills ' thing the first time i ever spoke to him .
i return with , ` ` uh , i guess i could ask you the same thing .
the very first thing he taught me was to never point your gun at someone you do n't plan to use it on .
so i say the first stupid thing that comes to my mind .
` ` the best thing that could ' ve happened to us was you insisting we be friends .
i do n't do tears well but the first thing that comes to mind is ' whoever made my girl cry is going to pay in a big way ' .
the kid thing makes sense to me , too .
i stand and blurt the first thing that comes to mind , ` ` how did you find out ? ''
that is the most beautiful and heart - wrenching thing anyone has ever told me .
none of them say a thing so i continue , ` ` we need a plan .
that 's about the only truthful thing she 's told him all night .
i press my ear against it and hear the woman reply , ` ` sure thing , lover .
i 'll tell you one thing , since we f**ked , all i ' ve wanted to do is get another shot at her .
she frowns , but i see her eyes blankly focus on the shelves , which makes me believe she thinks the same thing i do .
no one says a thing so trick continues , ` ` this has been the hardest time of my life .
did he think i would pretend the whole i slapped you so hard you fell off the counter thing did n't happen ?
before i can say a thing , he pulls away , winks at me and with joined hands leads me into the main hall .
before anyone has a chance to say a thing , ghost starts , ` ` okay .
that is the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard him say , and it affects me so much that i have to cover it quick , or risk him seeing this means something more to me .
what was the one thing ? ''
max and nik do n't say a thing , but i see max nodding his agreement in my peripheral vision .
he has no idea how many times i ' ve heard that exact thing at home .
i snap , ` ` i do n't owe you a f**king thing , pretty boy ! ''
i know you 're busy and all , but i want the most complicated thing you can muster .
i ask quietly , ` ` what thing ? ''
a minute passes and no one moves or says a thing .
times where we do n't need to say a thing .
our short - lived attraction had been filled with questions and reservations , but one thing i 'd known for sure : dimitri had loved my hair .
lissa had said exactly the same thing .
if you picked one , that 'd be fine , but you keep making me think one thing and then you end up going in a completely different direction .
everyone was eager to talk to her , and she always seemed to know the right thing to say .
i 'd thought the same thing about mason .
` ` it was a crappy thing to say and i ' m sorry for it . ''
but before i do , let me make one thing clear .
that was a terrible thing to say . ''
` ` honey , nobody heard a thing that girl had to say .
` ` there 's one other thing i need to tell you . ''
he caught her hand in his before she could wrap it around him , whispering sweet things against her mouth .
gabriel said almost the same thing .
when everyone in the whole world believes one thing and you are the only one who believes differently , it 's very tempting to assimilate .
love also gathers to such power in me that my sighs speak , each one a grievous thing .
that 's likely the only thing i 'll ever be able to teach you , gabriel .
` ` that 's the kind of thing i used to say to gabriel , on occasion , when he was being stubborn .
` ` not unless you want to write the damn thing for me .
` ` what a terrible thing to say to a child . ''
` ` i think that 's the most honest thing you ' ve said about your program . ''
` ` how dare you come to this place of beauty and say these ugly things to me . ''
` ` that 's a funny thing to say . ''
he chuckled , as if she 'd uttered the funniest thing in the world .
and that was the wrong thing to say .
` ` i ' m sure he 's thinking the same thing . ''
somewhere between the incident in the wine cellar and seeing her in the bathtub , so absurdly sexy surrounded by bubbles , it had been the best thing he could come up with .
` ` i ' m sorry , but this is probably the craziest thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` oh , you 're going to start the whole ' i ' m not attracted to you ' thing again ? ''
bridget stared at him , unsure she heard him correctly , but by then , they had gained such an audience and , by the expressions on their faces , they had to have imagined the same thing .
` ` the same thing i want every time i call here .
she knew how much it cost him to say such a thing , to admit that st . john could help her in a way that he himself had been unable to .
she dreamt about kisses given passionately by a dark - eyed gypsy lover , but she would never say such a thing aloud .
` ` oh , what a lovely thing to say ! ''
` ` dear god , do not say such a thing !
there was a long silence , as each attempted to find the right thing to say .
if she had been thinking clearly instead of in a panic , marguerite would never have suggested such a thing .
` ` i ask for only one thing in return . ''
` ` i ... '' how could he say such a thing and then expect her not to worry ?
she 'd been saying the same thing all afternoon .
the problem with being raised in a god - fearing , flag - loving family was that the worst thing she could think of to call him out loud was buster .
she wished she could say the same thing about her and nolan .
you made the whole thing up .
i 'd played the whole thing over in my mind endless times .
` ` stacy said the same thing .
one thing was clear as day to me .
just promise me one thing if you really are set on this . ''
the only thing i was sure about - cade provoked strange reactions in my body .
` ` let me clarify one thing , '' she snapped , her voice laced with anger , ` ` i ' m coming for lily .
she 'd already heard about him ; men laughed and called him a ` ` stud '' in admiring tones , and women called him the same thing , but always in excited , half - fearful whispers .
sometimes she thought that was the one thing life seemed determined to teach her : that she could depend only on herself , that there was no one she could trust , no one she could rely on , no one strong enough to stand behind her and hold her up when she needed to rest .
his eyes glittered , and she knew he was thinking the same thing .
he wanted to know one more thing , something that struck him as odd .
connor had said the exact same thing the first time he 'd walked this corridor .
he does n't remember a damn thing i tell him . ''
` ` that 's the last thing i would have guessed you would say . ''
` ` yes , well , i , for one , have never said such a thing before , '' he grumbled .
` ` that 's a terrible thing to say , '' beatrice scolded her sister .
if there was one thing that she was sure of , it was that francis had never used the word ` ` lovely '' to describe her or her sisters in his life .
she knew only one thing , and that was that she deeply wished he would have kissed her .
he was in awe of her - if any such thing were possible - and indeed , he knew that it was from the way he now felt .
` ` you have a mistress , '' she heard herself say , shaking her head in bewilderment as if she was no longer able to believe such a thing herself .
that 's hardly the sort of thing that one says to a lady . ''
` ` i did n't mean it and it was badly done of me to say such a thing . ''
and another thing , garrett .
most saying the same thing with little variation .
he wished he was one of these guys who always knew the right thing to say at the right time , but he was n't .
she pressed her lips together for a short moment and then asked the question plaguing her since the night before when he 'd told her the same thing .
one thing he knew for sure , and he 'd known it the moment that sarah had looked at him with such pain and betrayal in her eyes .
i was glad i 'd seen at least one thing right tonight .
well , at least he 'd gotten one thing right .
you said almost the same thing yesterday . ''
i muttered , though i 'd never been able to figure out exactly when such a thing would be needed .
` ` that 's probably the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
` ` and what other thing would you ask , lass ? ''
bowen frowned and started to deny any such thing , but teague swept his hand up to silence his older brother .
' t is a wonderful thing you say .
' t is the same thing her mother and i want for her .
maybe that was a hard thing to say ?
it seemed like such a bold and brazen thing to say , and i doubted i would ' ve usually said it , but it seemed right .
what a weird thing to think .
i used to think one thing , but i ' ve recently had a possible change of mind . ''
that topping from the bottom thing lucent mentioned .
so now i owe you for more than one thing . ''
` ` daisy , there are many things you can call me , but ' kind ' is not one of them . ''
it is an odd thing to say .
` ` that 's a horrible thing to tell a girl on a date .
` ` i am wounded you think such things of me , daisy , '' he says , but there is a boyish grin on his face .
she asks this like it is the worst thing ever .
i ca n't think of a coherent thing to say .
this is the wrong thing to say to me .
i think of this , and then i think of regan , who said the same thing to me so many weeks ago .
i ' ve said the right thing ; i can tell from the excitement on her face .
jolene needed to say the right thing now , the perfect motherly thing , but she was out of her element .
jolene needed to say the right thing now , the perfect motherly thing , but she was out of her element .
granted , michael said a stupid thing , but he did n't mean it .
she knew tami was right ; she 'd thought the same thing several times .
i keep thinking that if i can say just the right thing on the phone , we 'll all be okay . ''
jolene looked at her best friend and knew they were both thinking the same thing .
lulu 's questions started first thing : it 's sunny today , daddy .
` ` my husband says the same thing . ''
` ` maybe he 's thinking the same thing . ''
you never know who will say just the thing you need to hear .
he knew instantly that it was a mistake , not the sort of thing he should have said to his mother , but he needed advice right now , and what good was advice based on bad information ?
they were thinking the same thing ; she could see it in their eyes .
if there was one thing he was sure of , it was the simple fact fidelity was rare .
` ` i should be asking you the same thing , my lord . ''
` ` what a terribly confusing thing to say . ''
` ` i was thinking that exact same thing . ''
` ` i understand completely , my dear ; i only ask one thing ... '' sara met lady fenton 's gaze .
he smiled knowingly as if he , too , was thinking the same thing .
everyone had been wondering the same thing .
he merely said the first thing that came to mind .
one thing he was sure of , miss emma gates was trouble .
the only thing that came to mind was that he was using her as a way to get to sebastian .
in that moment , phillip decided to speak , and said the only thing he could manage without cursing or making an absolute spectacle of himself .
it was in that moment , as all those ghosts haunted his thoughts that he painfully realized one thing .
his words said one thing , but his body said another entirely as he pushed her down on the seat and covered her with his warmth .
` ` given your reputation i ' m sure you can forgive such a thing as this .
` ` what a dreadful thing to say- '' ` ` i merely want you to feel ... '' he paused .
just remember this one thing . ''
damien cast about in his mind for the right thing to say .
the kind of thing that will give you nightmares forever .
` ` not a good thing to leave out , leigh .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , duchess .
` ` i choose the second thing . ''
` ` you have n't told me one damn thing that makes me want to put a slug of silver between your eyes any less . ''
` ` one thing i do n't understand .
that was probably the nicest thing he 'd ever said about damien and probably ever would .
i 'd gone into this understanding that the best possible outcome involved the very thing i was now afraid of .
` ` kneel on the bed , '' was the next thing he said to me .
what a strange thing to say , in a moment like this .
daniel returned my ` ` good morning '' somewhat distractedly - i was n't sure what i expected him to say , but it certainly was n't the next thing that came out of his mouth .
he squeezed his eyes shut , still processing the whole thing .
to this day , i 'll never know what possessed me to say the next thing that popped out of my mouth .
it was an odd thing to say - to contemplate - while i was sitting there , bottomless , the coolness of the tile seeping into my nak*d flesh .
i stared at the ceiling , wondering if he thought the same thing .
i should ' ve known that 's the only thing you 'd settle for . ''
` ` i wondered the same thing , '' said daniel , flatly .
` ` not quite the same thing , '' she said .
lindsey looked at me for a moment , like she was trying to comprehend the whole thing .
i normally hated it when he said things like that , but for some reason , now , in this moment , it was the hottest thing i 'd ever heard in my life .
i normally hated it when he said things like that , but for some reason , now , in this moment , it was the hottest thing i 'd ever heard in my life .
` ` i do n't mean to be ... that was a really rude thing to say .
i had a right to find out a thing or two on my own .
was the first thing i said as i flung myself dramatically through the front door .
i ' ve been struggling with the same thing .
i could only think of one thing to say to him .
` ` which is ... on reflection , an absurd thing to say in this particular scenario . ''
was the only thing i could think to ask .
i could n't help myself , as much as i 'd walked into this hoping to just smile and nod in response to every ridiculous thing he said .
` ` that 's a pretty big thing to live down . ''
was , of course , the first thing that came out of his mouth .
` ` daniel called me last night , '' was the first thing he said to me after taking off his jacket .
` ` remember that thing you said , the day i passed out ?
` ` that will be the hardest thing i ever need to come to terms with .
the thing that 's popped into your head more than once , but you ' ve been too embarrassed to bring it up . ''
and somehow , every time she tried to reach out to him , she did the wrong thing , or said the wrong thing , or kept silent when she should have spoken .
he glanced at the towel clutched to her chest and said the first thing that came to mind .
so he said something else instead , the only thing he could .
marian could n't think of a thing to say .
one thing you got ta remember about your daddy , jake .
it was suddenly important that he like her ; she did n't want to say the wrong thing and ruin everything .
` ` yeah , i ' ve known men who 'd say a fool thing like that .
mad dog could n't think of a damn thing to say about that .
` ` sure thing , rass .
i do n't know the first thing about defending myself , either .
* there was only one thing missing .
maybe mad dog would say just the right thing .. maybe he 'd say he 'd always wanted a child ... a son ... and he 'd never leave one behind .
a grown - up thing to say .
he paused for effect , then said the meanest thing he could think of .
\ the doctors told her the same thing .
and then i watch as they do chest compressions , which can only mean one thing .
while i ca n't figure much of this dream out , at least that fact can only mean one thing .
amber throws her bleached blonde head back and laughs as though it is the funniest thing she 's ever heard .
from the look on mila 's face , i think she 's wondering the same thing .
i could die right here and never regret a thing .
it 's been the same thing for months now .
they pretty much all say the same thing .
i do n't even worry about the fact that it 's a pussy thing to say .
` ` you say things such as this and have the nerve to call me a sweet talker , '' stefan admonished and kissed me lightly .
` ` yeah , nigel thought the same thing about my mother , '' my brother said emphatically .
` ` that 's a piss poor thing to say to me .
` ` that 's the most absurd thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
why that 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
mairin would have remembered such a thing , surely .
` ` that 's ... that 's ... well , that 's quite a rude thing to say , laird .
' t is a good thing , laird , for i have this problem with saying the least thing that runs through my mind , and ' t is a fact i 'll be thinking of how much i love you often . ''
` ` i was thinking the same thing myself , lass .
or at them - but they were a part of me , so it was the same thing .
i had no idea who i was bringing , but it felt like the right thing to say at the moment .
the last time , preston had n't said sweet , romantic things to me .
that might have been the sweetest thing ever .
i thought the same thing . ''
a tear trickled down my face , and i could n't think of the right thing to say to make him understand .
i could n't come up with one thing to say to ease her mind .
i want you to call 911 when we hang up , and tell them this exact same thing , okay ?
as they had lain in bed susan had sobbed that she wished they had just left her in there and sophie had held her , wishing the same thing .
she was slightly afraid he would call her out as a fraud and she did n't want to leave so she blurted out the first thing that came to mind , ` ` you have a really big bag there . ''
` ` my grandmother always said the same thing . ''
but her confrontation with gretchen made one thing very clear .
yes , thathad most likely beenthe wrong thing to say .
he stayed where he was long after the carriage had rolled away , his mindreplayingthe incident and certain things that had been said.i could climb this damn thing ifi just hadmy breeches on and notthesehorrid skirts .
` ` actually , lovey , i was abouttoask ye theverysame thing . ''
` ` but that 's the same thing ! ''
if she were the superstitious sort , she mightbelieve it was a curse , or some such thing as skully had suggested .
well , let me tell you one thing , buster , i- '' ` ` is that what you think ? ''
it was the first honest thing woody had said since the fbi had stormed his hotel room that evening .
it was almost as if the old lady had timed her entrance in order to say this ridiculous and embarrassing thing .
i have a feeling chief rhodes wo n't listen to a thing i have to say .
and the second thing that crossed his mind was that ricki was some kind of beautiful .
it 's about the most romantic thing i ' ve heard in ages . ''
clay did n't want to leave , so he opened his mouth and said the first thing that came into his head .
it was a pretty inarticulate thing to say .
` ` there 's one thing i do n't understand , '' miriam said suddenly , into the silence that hung in the room .
if jane had taught him one thing , it was that .
it was the sort of thing pete would have told him .
the stuff you ' ve decided to believe about yourself because some stupid person said some hurtful thing a long time ago .
probably because miriam had made the whole thing up .
` ` uh , look , sarah , about that thing you said this weekend . ''
` ` but- '' ` ` and lem me tell you one more thing .
this was exactly the kind of thing his granddad used to say about the people of woolham .
after all , momma had told her the same thing , right before her lecture about how baron woolham was not exactly the man miriam had predicted for her .
was it possible that the whole sharon and stone thing was a myth , too ?
what an utterly sweet thing to say at a low - rent moment like this .
but there is one important thing i do need to say . ''
the thing that defined her as a person .
and he probably deserved the jibe given that stupid thing he 'd said yesterday morning about how she was a ` ` fool yankee . ''
` ` look , i ' m sorry about that stupid thing i said yesterday .
` ` haley , that was n't a nice thing to say .
` ` i think that 's a very comforting thing to know , '' momma said .
` ` elizabeth ames rhodes , that 's a terrible thing to say , '' louise said .
` ` i was thinking the very same thing , '' ruby said .
stone did n't say a thing .
i mean , maryanne ruined my doll , and i had to tell her not to feel bad about it 'cause it was an accident , but i know it was n't any such thing . ''
he had listened to every horrible thing she had to say .
` ` tell me more about the sorrowful angel , '' he said , knowing it was the wrong thing to say .
guilt slammed into her chest for allowing herself to think such a thing , even if it was true .
how many times had dash told himself the same thing ?
i swear , i hear that kid say one more rude thing about miriam or last chance or anything , and i ' m gon na take him right out to the woodshed .
` ` miriam said the most amazing thing a few minutes ago . ''
she had told dash much the same thing this morning .
savannah was n't sure of any such thing .
` ` oh , hush , you said the same thing about michael and charles , '' cathy said .
` ` when someone thinks they are in love with you , but you do n't feel the same thing back . ''
the one thing she 'd kept telling herself that she did n't want .
i knew the two did n't have any psychic communication , but as they exchanged glances , i had a feeling they were both thinking the same thing and confirming with each other .
this was pretty much the last thing in the world she had expected or wanted .
i hated to say that kind of thing -- and sydney 's face indicated she did n't like hearing it -- but it was inevitable .
in the end , the only thing i 'd accept from him was money .
lissa was thinking the same thing .
` ` oksana said the same thing , ' i recalled , feeling hardly reassured .
the one thing i felt sure of was that both lissa and jill were freaked out by each other -- but not by me .
it was the simplest and most appropriate thing i could say .
i felt horrible , and it was one of those moments where i wished my mouth would n't just blurt out the first thing on my mind .
` ` if you do n't return , i 'll know one thing for certain . ''
she could have said the same thing about him , but her usual sarcastic retorts melted away beneath the sincere concern in his expression .
` ` i may not have known you long , dominic , but i know one thing .
a careless shrug of his shoulder volleyed that he knew no such thing .
i thought the same thing when they invited me .
nicole added , ` ` poor thing . ''
this may be the last thing i ever say to jeremy .
` ` abby , that 's the nicest thing you ' ve ever said about my ideas . ''
` ` let 's be clear about one thing .
his low chuckle was about the sexiest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` that 's the first negative thing i ' ve ever heard you say about dominic .
he kissed her deeply again and said , ` ` promise me one thing . ''
` ` the last thing sliver said was goodbye .
` ` i did n't say a single thing i did n't mean .
so , i glared down at kendra and said the only thing that would shut everyone 's gossip up .
the only thing i could think to ask was , ` ` but ... what about the village ? ''
` ` one thing , '' i said , when we had broken apart and the swirling feeling in my head subsided .
i always hated that word , and it particularly pissed me off to hear it applied to the duke , because even though it was a ridiculous and patently untrue thing to say about her , she was still embarrassed , and she knew that we knew that she was embarrassed , and ... whatever .
the thing that i was trying to unthink was a thing that the duke had also thought .
` ` that is so not the right thing to say to someone about her new haircut ! ''
` ` that 's an awful thing to say ! ''
it was strange that she would bring up the whole ` ` angel '' thing after i 'd talked about angels with dorrie and tegan last night , and for a teeny - tiny fraction of a second i actually wondered if she was my angel , here to save me .
` ` and my friend dorrie - you know dorrie - she kind of said the same thing , '' i mused .
i paused , closed my eyes , and said a prayer for strength , because while eau de hamster was to be expected in a pet store , the smell of peanut butter could mean only one thing .
but then if you never call them , or if you , you know , kiss some a**hole behind their back ... ` ` my vision blurred , and not just because nathan was suddenly saying things that instead of being rude were dangerously close to sweet .
in any other situation , it would have been about the most offensive thing he could say , but he was doing her a favor .
but the only thing that would travel along her vocal cords and out her mouth was , ` ` please , f**k me . ''
cain must have suspected the same thing .
powerful attraction and love were n't the same thing .
he wondered if the thing about conserving her magical energy to do the seance was true .
if jack had jumped the gun , it could only mean one thing .
and the first thing i thought was okay , how do i extricate this claw from my boob before it leaves permanent marks ?
as we walked toward the airplane hangar of a gym , which i had seen but never even thought to approach , the colonel explained to me the most important thing about our basketball team : they were not very good .
what a funny thing to say over and over again : i would believe ; you would believe ; he or she would believe .
we were very cutesy , even though we did n't know the first thing about each other and barely talked .
we have never hugged before , me and the colonel , and there is nothing much to say , because he ought to be sorry , and i just put my hand on the back of his head and say the only true thing .
the buddha knew one thing science did n't prove for millennia after his death : entropy increases .
but about the three traditions we ' ve studied this year , i 'd like to say one thing .
although no one will ever accuse me of being much of a science student , one thing i learned from science classes is that energy is never created and never destroyed .
another thing that i ca n't say for sure is that all of the last words quoted in this book are definitive .
it is a thing that was said .
` ` the same thing that 's the matter with you , '' grey said .
perhaps one thing ... '' he picked up the volume of his father 's journal from his desk .
` ` i can not ask such a thing of you .
the one thing he was sure of was that it was no joke .
to keep from committing further offense , he said the first thing that came into his mind .
and if there is one thing of which i am certain , it is that my mother harbored - and harbors - no sympathy whatever for that cause . ''
` ` could you have asked your mother such a thing ? ''
he was making up his mind , grey saw , and to speak too soon or to say the wrong thing might startle the mouse back into its hole .
` ` i might ask you the same thing , madam . ''
` ` no , '' she said , obviously having thought the same thing .
i ' m sure there 's a thing or two in the bible about not doing the deed with your late wife 's sister . ''
` ` ye might ask yourself , man , why she 'd say such a thing to you . ''
` ` i ' ve a thing or two to tell ye .
he glanced at tom , regretting that he had n't let the lad take first watch ; quinn would n't be telling him this sort of thing .
` ` boozing lairs '' was the only thing that came to his own mind , and the thought of boozing kens , dark cellars full of drunken , sweating , cohabiting humanity , combined with the reek of his companions and the coach 's jolting , made him queasy again .
` ` when i feel up to it , '' he said , ` ` i have a thing or two to say to your wife . ''
one thing he could say for taryn quinn - she was n't a quitter .
` ` thing is , '' cole finally said , ` ` i wondered if you were doing anything a bit later . ''
taryn remembered saying the same thing to vi last week .
i felt a wine headache coming on and typed out the first thing i could think of .
braydon stayed quiet , listening to the whole thing .
the thought of my day without you to brighten it is the most depressing thing i could imagine .
whispering sweet and naughty things to me the entire time , ben pumped into me .
foolish of her to admit it ; how many other women had told him the same thing , especially after a night in his arms ?
she also realized something else , something so farfetched she could hardly believe it , but it was the only thing that made any sense .
what she wanted was the one thing he had n't offered : his love .
but there was one thing she knew for a certainty : lucien remington was a naughty man .
julienne looked at the missive in her hand and wondered the same thing .
that was the last thing he 'd ever imagined anyone would say to him .
is that such a big thing to ask ?
the shortness of breath , the panic attacks , the pounding of her heart and cowardly behavior , could all mean only one thing : sexual attraction .
` ` sure thing , gabriel . ''
` ` that 's not a nice thing to say , '' he pointed out , wounded frown inexplicably tugging at my conscience .
` ` it 's hardly the first thing that comes up in conversation .
sighing , he said the only thing he could and offered a quiet , ` ` i apologize .
christiana glanced away with a frown , those few moments in her husband 's arms on the dance floor the first thing to come into her mind .
she was now ful to bursting , her body straining around something much larger than what had invaded her earlier and the only thing she could think was that the very large appendage that had fal en out of his breeches when she 'd opened them was now planted firmly inside her .
richard grunted , not bothering to mention that he 'd heard a thing or two in the past that suggested it was n't so much that george was being remiss in not consummating the marriage , but that he was incapable of it .
she 'd wondered the same thing many times last night .
she 'd cried herself to sleep many nights during the first six months of their marriage wondering the same thing .
' all the shitty stuff people do to themselves ... it can all be the same thing , you know ?
as nick had drifted in and out of relationships , one thing became clear - all women wanted marriage , and marriage meant messiness .
alexa made herself say the one thing she did n't want to say .
` ` nicky , why would you say such a thing ?
that was a rude thing to say to our guest . ''
like an implacable statue , she 'd repeated the same thing over and over .
` ` do n't ever say such a thing .
michael said you just had to sit with her at lunch and she wrote the whole thing for you . ''
` ` i know one thing that would make me feel better .
` ` i did n't mean to say such a nasty thing .
hell , she was his own worst nightmare come to life , even though they had great sex and he 'd said some sweet things .
i ' ve thought exactly the same thing , so in the past i ' ve spent christmas eve in a bar , which is desperate and pathetic in its own way . ''
lust was the first thing that had registered in her brain .
his voice was n't quite steady when he said what she guessed was the first thing that popped into his head by way of making conversation other than i 'd really like to sleep with you which was doubtless his primary thought .
` ` obviously i said the wrong thing earlier , '' jared said .
though he could n't understand how she could have forgotten her jacket since she 'd brought only a couple of things with her , one thing had just made itself abundantly clear : he was definitely glad it had happened .
i 'd heard some good things about the place , and i wanted to see it for myself . ''
because if i tell you how much i care for you ... in a way , i ' m telling myself the same thing .
* * * they made love first thing in the morning and held each other until the sun had risen high enough to let them know it was time for theresa to get ready .
i tend to lash out and say the first thing that pops in my head , and believe me , it 's not pretty .
` ` but does n't the same thing apply to him ?
` ` i asked her the same thing .
your mouth says one thing , but your beautiful eyes say another .
if he 'd lied about one thing , he 'd lie about another .
that little jab had to be the most erotic thing he 'd ever felt .
which was an odd thing to say given his occupation was a huge gamble with his life .
i 'll tell you one thing , mister ... '' ` ` spare me , would you ? ''
bitterly disappointed , the only thing rush could reason was that she was ill . well , he 'd been partially right .
it was an absurd thing to say , but lindy was quickly losing a grip on her determination to be cheerful and pleasant .
that he would even imagine such a thing was an insult .
he had n't meant a thing he 'd said .
` ` that 's the most romantic thing i ' ve heard in years and years . ''
` ` the only thing he can assume under these circumstances .
` ` i only want to know one thing .
` ` that 's a fine thing to say to me ! ''
the whole room seemed to fade away and the only thing she was sure about was that she had to get out of the restaurant .
that was the last thing he needed to hear .
` ` i will say one thing for ol ' todd - he taught you well . ''
still chuckling , the white - haired doctor said , ` ` tell me the same thing when you 're in labor and i 'll believe you . ''
` ` that is the most insulting thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` that is the most ridiculous thing you ' ve ever said .
she 'd confirmed every insulting thing he 'd ever accused her of .
` ` the same thing - enchiladas sound good . ''
there was the knitting and the milk and a hundred little things she 'd said and done that pointed to one thing .
instead , her gaze fell on a poster on the other side of the room , and she blurted out the first thing that came to her mind .
` ` the only thing i was going to suggest was the two of us getting to know each other better . ''
maybe erin was thinking the same thing herself .
frantic for an excuse , erin said the first thing that came to mind .
before she left him , before she walked out of his life , she had to say one last thing .
her head was telling her one thing , and her heart another .
not long ago she would have thought the same thing herself .
` ` sure thing , '' elaine returned hesitantly .
then he realized that the only times he 'd ever called her into his office it had been to reprimand her for one thing or another .
unfortunately , she was feeling much the same thing herself .
` ` you 're making the whole thing up ... i would never have agreed to it .
hannah had agreed to no such thing .
answer me one thing , though .
i want one thing understood : i will not tolerate infidelity .
` ` that 's the most beautiful thing you ' ve ever said to me , '' she murmured , her voice breaking with emotion .
the type of thing any loving husband would say to his wife after the birth of a child .
answer me one thing , '' she demanded between tears of rage and tears of pain .
had she been asked , shana would ' ve told jazmine the same thing .
doing her best to swallow her pride , she continued to stand there , unable to think of a thing to say .
she had a thing or two she wanted to say ; he did n't know it yet , but the lieutenant commander was about to get an earful .
` ` i - that 's a very nice thing to say ... '' she stared at her watch .
frank usually did n't have problems expressing his views , but just then , standing in a crowded market in the middle of a south pacific island - standing there with ali - he could n't think of a single intelligent thing to say .
if brad learned she 'd come by his office , or even his condo , he 'd assume the wrong thing .
that was when he said the one thing that , a few months ago , might have swayed her .
` ` that 's probably the sweetest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
apparently there was no such thing .
matt could n't imagine such a thing .
her mother had said that very thing on so many occasions .
she was wondering the same thing right now .
promising sex to brogan had been a reasonable bargaining chip , and obviously she 'd only said that thing about the bl*w j*b to get his attention .
that 's a nice thing to say . ''
one thing her mother had drummed into her head was that you did n't get physical with a man unless you thought he had marriage potential .
` ` i only thought- '' ` ` that you could teach jack a thing or two ?
even stupid men might end up saying the wrong thing to the right person , although that would n't have been a big worry if everything had happened the way he 'd envisioned .
` ` i had hoped the same thing about you two , '' brogan said .
` ` so if the daddy has erectile dysfunction , then the mommy wo n't ever be ... that other thing i ' m not supposed to say . ''
` ` so you were explaining the crying thing . ''
she would have to add that comment and then slip up on the name thing .
hell of a thing to have to admit to the woman you had the hots for .
well , i can promise you one thing . ''
i ' ve seen several doctors , and they all say the same thing .
` ` sure thing , '' cherie said .
ally wondered the same thing .
` ` we should at least get into the bedroom before we ... oh , well ... as long as we ' ve come this far ... '' the labored breathing and rhythmic slap of flesh against flesh could only mean one thing .
` ` is n't he the cutest thing you ever saw ? ''
his father had told him that very thing the day he 'd come home with his first motorcycle at the age of seventeen .
` ` i like saying the whole thing .
i told myself the same thing .
` ` i need to say one thing , and i never thought i 'd say this .
ally did n't know all the psychobabble to describe it , but one thing she did understand with complete clarity .
but as he sat on the edge of the bed , fingers resting on the keyboard , he could n't think of a single thing to say to kristen .
he grasped the first thing that came to him .
not the most tender thing to say after such an amazing sexual experience , but she 'd be hard - pressed to find words powerful enough to describe how he 'd made her feel .
` ` i ' m beginning to think that with you and me , there 's no such thing . ''
` ` yeah , that was the wrong thing to say .
change one thing , change everything .
he thought of thing from the addams family , except her hand was a lot prettier than thing .
until he 'd said that thing about being a one - woman guy , she 'd been able to talk herself out of feeling gypped .
` ` that 's the craziest thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` right now , only one thing makes sense . ''
she was probably thinking the same thing .
eve 's tummy started to hurt , because she 'd been wondering the same thing .
the second thing is- '' she turned to face him .
` ` only if you promise the same thing . ''
she did n't know the first thing about running off to a foreign country and creating a whole new identity .
that was the scariest thing he 'd heard yet , worse than the story about her dad or her urge to call the police .
lex knew the minute gillian skidded to a stop that he 'd said the wrong thing .
too bad he 'd ever said such a dumb thing , but it had sounded reasonable at the time .
yeah , a couple of women had remarked on his size , but he 'd put that down to pillow talk , the kind of thing that women said to make a guy feel studly .
he had n't counted on her saying that kind of thing to turn up the heat .
` ` that 's about the most romantic thing anyone 's ever said to me . ''
but playing along would let neil off the hook , the very thing neil 's stepfather probably wanted .
` ` because i ' ve been thinking about that very thing .
i 'll print that same thing on a sheet of paper and you can compare my writing to what you have on the card .
i was working up to a cli**x , but then you said that thing about amanda , and i lost momentum . ''
only one thing made sense .
only one thing made sense under the circumstances .
` ` i should ask you the same thing .
this was exactly the sort of thing amanda did n't need to hear before taking a man home for the first time in a solid year .
such a thing had escaped her when she 'd just awoken .
` ` i was n't saying a damn thing .
having a new laird forced on them - an outsider to our clan-'tis a hard thing for many of them to swallow .
she thought on all he 'd said and the more she thought on it , the more one thing did n't make sense .
it was the hardest thing he 'd ever said in his life .
' t was a stupid thing for you to say . ''
` ` not that graeme would ever admit such a thing , '' rorie added , still grinning .
she glanced quickly up , not wanting to miss a single thing that graeme said .
` ` i suggested no such thing .
he had n't expected such a thing .
' t was the last thing she said before she left the table in the hall . ''
' t is disloyal of you to say such a thing . ''
tavis 's jaw went slack , as though it were the very last thing he 'd expected to hear graeme say .
i know not what the message said - i ' ve yet to question your father - but it must have made him fearful for you , because the first thing he demanded was to know your whereabouts . ''
he asked the wrong thing . ''
but the ` ` hey it 's bethy '' caught my attention and i stopped breathing as i opened the text to read the entire thing .
fuck the no sex thing .
i had n't much cared about saying the right thing with females before .
it was the sort of thing he said to her all the time .
she wanted to say the right thing , but now that she was here , she did n't know what that would be .
and one thing she knew for sure , had known from the beginning : zach farraday was off - limits .
honestly , she could n't fathom why he 'd agreed to take her to the dance - probably because jude and mia had pressured him mercilessly , and one thing was always true : zach hated to disappoint his sister .
lately , she 'd begun to wonder exactly the same thing .
` ` is that the same thing ?
` ` that is n't the most sensitive thing i ' ve ever heard .
lexi wanted to say just the right thing .
` ` the last thing i said to her was that i did n't forgive her .
she wanted to say the right thing to him , but she did n't know what that was anymore , and she was so exhausted .
the kind of thing lucky people said to those who were less fortunate .
had she said the wrong thing again ?
lexi said the only thing she could think of .
lexi remembered saying the same thing to her own mother , who had burst into tears and sworn that her love was true .
that 's a terrible thing to say , but if you were old enough to read this letter you 'd already know where i am and what i did .
in a way , it was the same thing dr . bloom had been saying for years .
there was really only one thing she needed to say to him now .
the butterfly was my idea , though , and i think it was really the cherry on the cake , the thing that said , oh , you think this is a trick ?
` ` i know , '' she agreed , ` ` i was just thinking the same thing . ''
it was n't fair of him to expect the same thing of her .
i do n't know if it was true or not , but she used to tell me the same thing .
he was the only person in her life , she thought , who seemed to defy description , and she wondered how many others could say the same thing about someone in their life .
` ` the same thing i ' ve been saying all along .
the same thing you and matt have been saying . ''
there was such a thing as too much information all at once .
i doubt he understands the first thing about familial sentiment . ''
you break your word , you 'll never get another goddamn thing from kgi .
he checked his watch , wondering the same thing .
she babbled out the first thing that came to mind in a desperate bid to distract him , make him talk , all the cliched things someone did when she was fighting for her life .
it had n't taken long though to figure out the whole love the one you 're with thing did n't work for him .
she arched an eyebrow and said under her breath , ` ` oh come on , you were both thinking the same thing .
if there was one thing she was sure of , declan would bring variety to their little group because she just knew that he 'd never conformed to normal a day in his life .
as suzy was starting to end the call , she heard gray add one more thing as he hung up .
you know i think jeff called me the same thing when he saw me holding his cell phone and knew he was busted .
ugh , she had to stop this saying one thing and doing another .
luckily krysta had n't said the one thing that lydia feared hearing the most .
the look on her face told him that this was the last thing she expected .
the titters turned to snorts , derisive sounds that all said the same thing .
there 's no such thing as an emergency for an administrative assistant .
narrowing her eyes , the gesture as much about buying herself a few seconds as it was about focusing in more sharply on his fine features , she finally found the right thing to say back .
so , she told him the next best thing .
the last thing she 'd ever said was to him .
you snuggle under your blankets with miss jemmie and close your eyes and remember one thing about your mom - just one - and the next thing you know , she 'll be in bed beside you .
it was a stupid thing to say , but he could n't think of anything else .
he 'd known then it was the one thing he could n't give her .
that 's the one thing i learned up here in mystic .
he was her husband , the father of her children , the man she 'd vowed to love , honor , and cherish until death parted them , and right now , standing in the living room of the house they 'd shared for so many years , she could n't think of a single thing to say to him .
it was an odd thing for her to say .
but none of that was the sort of thing you said to your teenage daughter , no matter how grown up she looked .
she wanted to be grown up and a good parent and say just the right thing that would alleviate natalie 's worry .
i should have been telling you that kind of thing for years . ''
she 'd said the same tired thing too many times and she could n't even pretend tonight that it made a difference .
` ` in eighteen years you 'll be saying the same thing to katie . ''
it was the same thing she asked herself at night , as she lay in her bed , beside her husband , unable to sleep .
` ` the only thing the princess gets to say is , ' thank you , sir .
` ` and i wo n't be asking hammer a damn thing .
` ` seems everyone else thought of the same thing .
` ` he told me the same thing , '' colby said .
` ` i keep telling myself the same thing . ''
rowdy had been telling her the same thing .
she asked , although she 'd said the same thing herself less than two hours earlier .
of one thing he was certain - sherry was out of the picture .
there was n't a thing she could say in her own defense , nothing that would take away the shame of what she 'd done .
because it really came down to one thing : she 'd been afraid to go home .
charles must have been thinking the same thing because he stood beside her , a concerned look on his face .
deep belly laughs , as though she 'd said the funniest thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` that does n't mean a thing , '' steffie insisted .
` ` all of this adds up to one thing . ''
but she could n't remember saying one thing that would lead charles to believe she still loved him .
she knew what he was thinking , perhaps because she was thinking the same thing herself .
it seemed so pitiful a thing to say - so small and futile .
ye were mentioning wild west - brianna 's said such a thing , telling me about cowherds- '' ` ` cowboys . ''
a man who would say such a thing is not one who 'd bugger a child for the sake of his father 's bonny blue eyes , i 'll tell ye that for certain , sassenach . ''
` ` come ben , bobby ; i ' ve a thing or two to say to ye . ''
there 's the one small thing macdonald neglected to tell me , when he asked if i 'd take them .
oh , there ; gone back toward the meadow , having doubtless thought of some last minute thing he must tell someone .
why would he say such a thing ? ''
` ` the same thing , is it not ? ''
sometimes it came out of nowhere ; no one said a thing , but ye 'd wake to it , in the night , like the smell of a woman lying next to ye . ''
she did not look human , was the first thing he thought .
it was just about the last thing i recalled him saying , in fact .
he meant it as hospitality , the first time , but then when ian told him ... well , it wasna the best thing to have said , under the circumstances , only ... and then the next time we came , and there they were again , only a different pair , and when i tried to make them leave , they said bird said to say that it was honor to my vow , for what good was a vow that cost nothing to keep ?
they exchanged nods , both obviously thinking the same thing .
` ` what sort of idiots could possibly think such a thing ? ''
he was quite shocked to find himself thinking such a thing , and looked at her more closely .
` ` there is a thing i would tell you , '' jamie said abruptly , in the midst of a drowsy silence .
` ` she said that such a thing would make no difference to jenny , but it would to him .
` ` please , sir , ye 'll say no such thing to my faither ! ''
it was the first thing she 'd said to him since the fight .
i must tell ye a thing , nephew , and no one else must hear .
large and hazel , they were his one claim to beauty , and yet , beautiful was the last thing you would call them .
the last thing he wished was an argument , but something must be said .
` ` tres bon , '' said fergus , looking even happier , if such a thing was possible .
` ` i should never say such a thing of ye , never ! ''
i thought of one thing and another - and ... there seemed nothing whatever i could say . ''
and i am not prepared to admit such a thing . ''
but there would still be those who thought jamie responsible , others who would call malva a whore , a liar , or both - which she bloody well was , i reminded myself , but not a nice thing to hear about one 's wife .
hiram , who had evidently been about to say the same thing , gave him a furious look , but could n't very well contradict him .
` ` you stick to it , dearie - do n't you let 'em bully - whack you into admitting the least little thing ! ''
` ` well , i know that , '' she said , in a dubious tone indicating that it was the only thing she did know for certain .
but marsali was already hurrying the girls back to the kitchen , calling out things about hot coffee and bread , and ian following her , henri - christian still wrapped lovingly about his ears , germain yapping eagerly at his heels .
she 'd said at last , tiring of the discussion of predestination , and privately pleased that catholics were n't required to believe any such thing and were content to let god work in mysterious ways .
` ` there 's the one thing , '' he said .
i suppose he used german both for concealment and because it 's so bloody wordy ; it takes nearly twice as many words to say the same thing as it would in english . ''
one thing to be said for dougal mackenzie was that an encounter with him stimulated the mental processes , out of the sheer necessity of trying to figure out what he was actually up to at any given moment .
it was the last thing i wanted to say ; more than anything , i wanted there to be someone we could find who knew how to make it all right .
and if there was one thing of which i was reasonably sure , it was that he would not have been purchasing the usual services of a brothel - the simple enjoyment of a woman was not in his nature .
39 family ties it was not quite a slum , but the next thing to it .
i felt jamie 's body stiffen still further , if such a thing were possible .
i drew a squeaking finger in a line down the misty glass , chalking up one more thing i would never find out .
there 's only one thing left - only the one possibility . ''
the thin mouth twitched briefly , and he said , ` ` i would ask the one thing of ye , lad - let it be the english .
when i shall stand before god , i shall have one thing to say , to weigh against the rest . ''
` ` i ' ve spent more than twenty years looking for answers , roger , and i can tell you only one thing : there are n't any answers , only choices .
` ` i was just wondering the same thing about you . ''
the same thing happened when she said ` ` mother , '' too .
and the last thing he had said to me , convinced the child i carried was a boy , was , ` ` name him brian , for my father . ''
` ` he 's never said a thing to me .
it was the worst thing i could think of to call him .
how can ye say such a thing ? ''
you can suggest such a thing , but i must not say the word ?
i did n't know where i was , but that was n't quite the same thing .
` ` that 's the most disgusting thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
` ` it means the one thing else , does n't it ? ''
lord john , who had obviously been about to ask the same thing , gave him a glance .
` ` i shouldna be thinking such a thing , myself .
she had wondered the same thing a hundred times , and a hundred times imagined different scenes : what she would say , what he would say - would he be glad to see her ?
and the other thing you said ? ''
` ` it 's not the same thing at all ! ''
not since the final moment , when in a fury of fear and outrage , she had screamed at him , ` ` my father would never have said such a thing ! ''
` ` i have a thing to say to ye . ''
i ' ve never said such a thing to him ! ''
` ` there is only the only thing i can ask for .
` ` they told me the same thing . ''
` ` i just want to know one thing , '' she said , her voice trembling only a little .
71 circle 's close i have a thing to say to you , '' roger said .
` ` you ' ve a thing to say to me , you said . ''
not a thing i could say to my parish priest , for obvious reasons .
how dare you imply such a thing ? ''
` ` no , i do n't think any such thing , '' he said firmly .
and the kind of terror i had felt then was the closest thing to what i had felt in the stone .
` ` sometimes i think i remember little bits of things - a lamp over my head , swinging back and forth , a sort of sweet oily taste on my lips , people saying things to me - but i do not know if any of it 's real .
anxious to change the subject to something safer , i seized on the first thing that came to mind .
how would you change such a thing ? ''
one damn thing after another , i thought balefully .
` ` before i tell ye , claire , there 's the one thing i 'd ask of you , '' he said slowly .
the woman 's a witch , or next thing to it . ''
there was one thing i needed to know .
` ` when ye get to that point , lassie , tell me ; for i ' ve a thing or two i want to be sayin ' to ye then . ''
` ` fine thing for you to say !
and it 's no the lad 's fault as his father 's a drunken sot , shameful as ' t is for his own mither to say such a thing . ''
jenny slid off her horse and cast about through the bushes like a small terrier , pushing branches out of her way and muttering things under her breath that sounded suspiciously like some of her brother 's better curses .
one thing about murtagh ; no matter what incongruous thing i said , he could be counted on to behave as though i had n't spoken .
and the last thing he had said to me .
the one thing she is n't is wrong . ''
` ` the last thing da said to me - he did n't say it , even , he wrote it - he had to write it , i would n't talk to him ... ... '' she swallowed and ran a hand beneath her nose , wiping away a pendant drop .
it 's the usual thing folk say , he reminded himself , trying to quell the absurd rush of pleasure he felt at her words .
i ' ve a thing i must say to you , a chliamhuinn . ''
i ' ve a thing or two to say to ye , young man . ''
` ` it wasna the sort of thing one ought to say to a woman , let alone an elderly one , and particularly one about to be related to me by marriage .
i had heard her telling roger things about the boston massacre - a small confrontation between citizens and british troops that had taken place the past march .
so did he ; it was the last thing he 'd meant to say .
so i sat down in the middle of all the hanging bunches and closed my eyes and tried to remember every single thing about it , and think to myself about the different parts , ` ` that 's okay , '' or ` ` that 's just a dream . ''
i ' ve never given you the slightest reason to think such a thing ! ''
how dare you say such a thing to me , you bloody bastard ? ''
i had had some experience of giving people bad news , after all , and the one thing that experience had taught me was that there was no point in preparation , or worry over what to say .
i swallowed hard and said the first thing that came into my mind , which happened to be ` ` good evening . ''
` ` but i 'll tell ye one thing , '' she added , swallowing .
she had damn well better not be dreaming such a thing now !
` ` that 's the thing i wanted to tell you , '' he said .
` ` you look like the male version of medusa , '' she said , the first thing that popped into her head .
was the first thing she managed to say .
` ` there 's a wee thing i have to be sayin ' , peter .
` ` mama - mama - mama , '' he said , in an escalating whine that made it obvious that he 'd been saying the same thing for quite some time .
ian was n't dead , but the next thing to it .
just the one thing .
as he left , i stood on tiptoe to kiss him , and whispered the only important thing .
well , possibly not the very last thing , i amended .
` ` prima cogitatio est ... '' ` ` this is the first thing that comes into my head , '' jamie read softly , translating aloud .
and i thought that whether it was choice or no choice , it might be that it came to the same thing in the end .
she 'd say one thing about scott o'halloran - he was determined .
chrissie could n't think of a thing to say .
seems to me he has a knack for knowing the right thing to say . ''
` ` next thing you 're going to say , i suppose , is that you fell for me right then and there .
outside , under the yellow sodium lamps in the school parking lot , melanie could n't think of a thing to say .
he might have a thing or two to say about a flock of sheep descending on the farm .
` ` i know no such thing , '' aundy said , surprised nik had noticed her interest in garrett , although he had caught them almost kissing a time or two .
the last thing , the very last thing , she wanted to do was take marvin tooley home , but she could n't very well leave him in the road and there was no way she was letting the man in her house , the barn , or the bunkhouse .
he tried to picture her saying such a thing and could n't .
finally he settled on the only thing that he could come up with .
a guy could say that kind of heady thing and still only be interested in a no - strings affair .
and now that she was thinking about adam , she acknowledged that he had n't said a single thing , veiled or blatant , that indicated he cared about the difference in their financial circumstances .
` ` what a romantic thing to say . ''
and while i- '' ` ` it 's not the same thing .
` ` that 's the first intelligent thing you ' ve said , kid .
what a fan - freaking - tastic thing to hear .
what a macho - guy thing to say .
what a rome thing to say .
it was the most difficult thing i 'd ever had to say .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' i said , covering my eyes with my hand .
with his brain slowed by the unexpectedness of the conversation , he blurted the first thing that came to mind .
` ` lyssa ann bates , if you ever say such a thing again , i 'll ...
the only thing i ' m sure about is that i ' m certifiable . ''
sweetheart , i was going to say just the same thing .
those blue eyes i loved lit up and the glow i was growing accustomed to warned me i 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` and i like hearing your sexy voice say sweet things to me , '' she replied .
i might not be in hell but this was the closest thing to it .
` ` easygirl , '' miranda mimicked laughing like he 'd said the funniest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` she 's stronger than you think , '' i assured him but the memory of her drunken body staggering out of the graveyard said another thing entirely .
that was a silly thing to say but it sounded kind of sweet .
then jay had asked if i was wyatt 's girlfriend and we 'd all laughed as if that was the funniest thing we 'd ever heard .
i knew miranda was thinking the same thing .
smoothing her floral skirts with restless hands , she looked at jasper 's savagely masculine profile and said the first thing that came to mind .
startled to have said the same thing at once , they stared at one another .
she had never wanted me to find out the truth , and i imagined that it was the one thing she wanted to remain unchanged after we lost my father .
` ` can i ask just one thing ? ''
` ` i ' m not going to get in your way , i almost have this figured out , i ... . '' ` ` did you listen to a thing i ' ve said ? ''
` ` being with you is the only thing that makes sense .
it 's the worst thing i could ask of you , but i think it 's the only thing that wil work .
it 's the same thing every time i close my eyes . ''
the last thing i ' m going to do is give them what they want .
` ` i could say the same thing to you , you know .
` ` he knows the exact thing to say to throw you into a rage , and you just let him . ''
insanity was the first thing that popped into my mind .
` ` you always say the right thing , '' i whispered , touching his ears .
` ` i just need to know one thing : are you going to be okay ? ''
and i ' m yours , so it 's the same thing . ''
but even as i say one thing , i ' m clutching his muscles and the crazy - as - hell aroused part of me does n't even care if we do it right here , right now .
she keeps repeating the same thing , over and over , when she suddenly swings the door open and screams out into the hall , ` ` remington ! ''
and then i look at diane , and i really see her , see how well she gets him , this woman almost in her forties , with her big smile and kind eyes , and all the aura of comfort she emanates , and all the warmth she instills into every one of our hotel suites , and i know how well she takes care of him , how she could very well be the closest thing to a mother remington has ever had .
i turn it down , and for a moment , just focus on this silver ipod , which to remy and me could be a journal , or a microphone , or any other way of expressing any other thing .
a thousand fuzzy things flutter inside me when i hear him inhale again , longer and deeper this time , like he needs my scent to calm down and find his center .
i take it slowly , knowing we 're being watched , but telling her the same thing over and over : ` ` tonight you 're mine . ''
you do n't know the first thing about me . ''
quietly and with a dopey smile that wo n't leave my face , i slip out of bed , knowing riley and pete will not let him oversleep much , and definitely not beyond ten a.m. pete is already in the kitchen , pouring himself some coffee , and since there are a thousand things i want to ask him , i join him .
this is the way remy opens up to me , and i ' m tingling from the top of my head to the soles of my feet as i soak up every single thing he 's trying to tell me , with this song , with his lips , with his whisper touch , even knowing he might not remember any of this , it does n't make it any less real to me . ''
' there 's just one thing more i 'd like to know .
` ` do you tell him the same thing about me ? ''
lowering my gaze to my mug , i took a drink and did n't confess that i 'd wondered the same thing once or twice .
` ` and he said the same thing he started on last week .
` ` what a lovely thing to say . ''
she realized she 'd said the wrong thing as he stiffened against her .
she realized immediately that had been the completely wrong thing to say .
` ` and i would n't change a thing , '' he whispered against her cheek .
the honest truth was , he did n't know what happened next , but he knew one thing was certain ; he was n't taking her back to that house .
savannah did n't say a thing .
` ` my mom used to give me the same thing . ''
her back arched from the bed and he tucked his face in against her throat , kissing and murmuring sweet things ... how good she felt ... how beautiful she was .
` ` jim keeps telling me the same thing .
` ` your cousin celeste told her mother the same thing , and we both know what happened to her .
she says things like ' eat your vegetables or i ' m calling my uncle vito in jersey city . ' ''
` ` oh , baby , i do n't regret a thing . ''
` ` the only thing i ' ve managed to come up with is the flu , '' she murmured in a feeble attempt at humor .
` ` trust me , this was the last thing i wanted to hear from my wife .
you know i tell you everything- '' ` ` except the one thing that i ' ve ever seen make you cry on a regular basis . ''
` ` same thing , babe . ''
that thing you said you 'd tell me ' eventually . ' ''
logan 's hands were now on her hips , holding her lightly , but firmly , the pressure of his fingers telling her he wanted the same thing she did , to be buried deep inside of her .
` ` the same thing i ' ve wanted all along .
the things he 'd said about you , same thing .
the things he 'd said about you , same thing .
the thing that had been tugging at her brain , the one detail that had been overshadowed by claire , by worrying about logan , everything else in their lives finally became clear .
unsure how to answer , he apparently threw out the first thing that came to mind , which was ridiculous .
she could say one thing for brian 's employees : they were intent upon their work .
candace wondered if she should confess the same thing to him .
he was staring at her lips now as if he was wondering the same thing .
the only thing she could think as she slowly floated back down to earth was that this was nothing like the orgasms she gave herself , and she could get used to it .
we 'll get manicures , pedicures , facials ... the whole thing . ''
it was probably the first genuine thing that had been said at this table .
i ' m playing devil 's advocate here for a second , but they probably think the exact same thing about you .
that was a totally insensitive thing for me to say . ''
the ' killjoy ' thing was a private joke because we both knew i saw a different side of you than anyone else .
one thing he knew for certain : there were depths in her he had n't even begun to fathom .
` ` that is the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
the same damn thing she 'd been all this time .
finally she blurted the only thing that really mattered to her at that moment .
you try one thing , you say one thing that even remotely offends me or pisses me off , and i ' m out of there .
you try one thing , you say one thing that even remotely offends me or pisses me off , and i ' m out of there .
seth 's sleepy voice as he answered his phone was the best damn thing she 'd heard all day .
did jared think the same thing ?
but the worst thing , the thing she 'd see in her head from now on , actually was n't the makeup , the clothes , or the dead eyes .
it was n't the most implausible thing she 'd ever heard , and she could believe it of raina , but ... oh , god .
` ` you always know the right thing to say , dad . ''
the little throaty sound of relief that escaped her as he spoke was the sexiest thing he 'd ever heard .
and the most common thing to say in these situations was probably , oh , just be yourself , but she was n't sure that was exactly the best advice , at least not for the first meeting .
` ` they 'll probably say the same thing , '' she fretted .
was the only thing that slipped from her lips .
it was the same thing she 'd been telling herself since seeing that plus sign .
` ` that 's a horrible thing for you to say . ''
` ` i know i do n't have a f**king thing to offer you . ''
` ` there 's one thing i want to make clear , though . ''
i know when i told you , it was the last thing you were expecting to hear come out of my mouth .
` ` it 's the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
he thought of the powerful couple he 'd met at the hospital yesterday , and he 'd known the very thing that was probably going through her dad 's mind .
for the most part , mark had - except for the one thing she 'd needed from him more than anything else .
having a husband do this to you would n't be an easy thing to accept , no matter that she 'd done the wrong thing by liam in the first place .
startled , she said the first thing that came to mind .
a flash of amusement said he was thinking the same thing .
the male nurse reassured them of the same thing , then left them alone .
she did n't expect that to be the first thing he 'd say .
and no matter what the future held for them , there was one thing she was certain of .
` ` the only thing i ' m sure of is that i ' ve waited entirely too damn long to have you . ''
the problem was that he was with a different woman every time gabe saw him , and his father was too focused on trying to bridge a gap in their relationship caused by the very thing he was trying to force on gabe .
i can guarantee you one thing .
he sounded as though he did n't want to be admitting any such thing .
he could say one thing all he wanted , but he was a damn liar and he knew it .
is that a for - sure thing or is that a just - in - case thing ? ''
` ` there used to be a time when i 'd come to see you and you did n't ask me such a thing .
and you ' ve been gone , and this is n't the sort of thing i 'd simply tell you on the phone . ''
even if it was the last thing he 'd ever tell her .
what a thing to say right here in the middle of the goddamn restaurant . ''
the only thing she could come up with was that gabe did n't want to be without sex for that long .
it was n't the first time she 'd said such a thing , but every time she did , he was besieged by guilt .
so numb that she could n't process the simplest thing .
he could have thought back to the hot commodity thing , added that to the highly sexual description and come up with the conclusion that she had a mega crush on him .
she warned herself the exact same thing all the time .
just one more thing she did n't know about him .
` ` when you walked out on me last year , the last thing you said was that i was n't commitment material . ''
when i saw you again , i wanted to make you think you were wrong about me , and i said the first thing that came to mind - that i was in a serious relationship . ''
` ` i 'll bet somebody said the same thing to lady godiva . ''
judging by the sudden fire in her eyes , that had been the wrong thing to say .
` ` just tell me one thing : have you been doing anything illegal , or has something hap - pened to you that will require police action ? ''
his dark eyes sharpened , and like a hawk he swooped down on the most significant thing she 'd said .
` ` sarah , understand one thing : an argument does n't mean your life is going to be torn apart .
but he did n't tell her the one thing she needed most to hear .
many things may have changed but one thing would remain the same .
before she left , she paused long enough to say one final thing to him .
` ` i can say the same thing about you .
the one thing she 'd learned in life was that family was a fickle concept .
if she could n't expect such a thing from her own clan , how could she expect it from complete strangers ?
bitterness welled up and before keeley could call back the words , she blurted out , ` ` ' t is an odd thing to say given how i was turned from my home and left to survive on my own . ''
for a long moment she lay there until she roused herself , seeming to have one last thing that she needed him to hear .
and if that was n't the most ridiculous thing she 'd ever thought , then she did n't know what was .
her mom had never been completely sane , but on the days she was lucid , this was the one thing she drilled into lexi 's head over and over , and lexi took that warning to heart .
the only problem was that even though her mind was on board with the not - trusting - him thing , her body was n't .
there he went again , saying just the right thing with just the right amount of sincerity to make her question her decision .
` ` i would have said the same thing a half hour ago . ''
` ` you mean that ' my life for yours ' thing ? ''
he had no idea whether logan had felt the same thing , but if he did , it had n't surprised him .
who told you such a thing ? ''
that was the saddest thing helen had ever heard a child say , and she had to fight to keep from pulling sibyl into her arms to comfort her .
this whole thing was so far - out , she did n't know what to think at first , but one thing was clear .
she needed to learn what this thing was he was hiding and why it was so important to him to keep it from her .
morgan 's smile faded as he realized the same thing .
i think you owe them the same thing . ''
joseph knew they were all thinking the same thing .
he was pretty sure it would be the last thing he heard .
the one thing she 'd learned from him was that if she was n't good , the monsters would find her and eat her .
lexi was n't sure how to feel about all this , but she knew one thing for sure : life was too short to hold grudges .
tori knew that meant it had to be bad , just like the thing in her stomach was bad .
the groan of pleasure madoc let out was the sweetest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` there are some things even your sweet face can not coax out of me . ''
she 'd thought the same thing when she 'd seen the small , black - eyed woman stumble in here as if dazed .
she could n't think of a single thing that made sense , and with every second that passed by , that soft spot seemed to harden again , thwarting her .
she 'd had little time to think about her promise with all that had happened , and her mind raced now , trying to think of exactly the right thing to say .
he 'd say the wrong thing and ruin this chance to find out if she tasted as sweet as she looked .
he 'd already caused her so much pain , and he could n't think of a single thing he could say now that would ease any of it .
it was n't exactly the kind of thing he could ask .
the colors were way too feminine for a man like cain to wear , but then rory figured a man like him could wear whatever the hell he wanted and no one would say a thing for fear of being pounded into pulpy bits .
it was the only thing that maura could think of that would explain how he 'd recognized her so easily .
but there was one thing she did know for sure : her powers were back .
the only thing he could think was that the man she was supposed to be with - the one she would eventually find - would have known what the luceria was trying to say .
from the way her face turned a mottled , angry red , he was guessing that was the wrong thing to say .
this was going to end badly , and yet he could n't think of a single reasonable thing he could say to refute her .
that was the last thing he 'd thought she 'd say .
hester closed her eyes , certain jess was the only one who could say such a thing .
` ` how can you say such a thing to us ?
` ` another thing i want understood is that webb did not kill jessie .
if i hear such a thing mentioned again , i will ask the person who said it to leave this house immediately .
she was always saying the wrong thing at the wrong time , and now she hardly talks at all .
` ` and let 's get one thing straight right now : i ' m not taking your place , i ' m taking lucinda 's .
all of these faces were guilty because they too had been saying the same thing she had .
the whole ` ` one of the guys '' thing .
an odd thing to say when he planned to kill her .
we heard every goddamn thing , '' he said in a tortured voice .
i heard every goddamn thing you did .
it was one thing for her team to pledge such a thing , but donovan represented the organization .
i had to sit there and listen to the whole goddamn thing , p.j .
the one thing she gave thanks for is that their one - night stand had n't made things awkward between them .
she glanced up , meeting his gaze , wondering if he was thinking the same thing she was thinking .
` ` what the f**k were you two doing going off without telling me a damn thing , and furthermore why the hell did you two go alone ? ''
` ` not the same thing , '' he argued .
he 'd said the same thing to her while she 'd quaked with her first orgasm , his breath humid against the slick folds of her p**sy .
you 're here because you knew they 'd pulled off that heist and you did n't say a damn thing to me . ''
` ` not quite the same thing . ''
heat - of - the - moment type thing that she regretted . ''
` ` i hate that i was thinking the same thing , '' she whispered .
i just sat through a whole hearing on this crap and told them the same thing . ''
` ` dimitri said the same thing , '' i grumbled .
i then said the stupidest thing possible .
adrian had said almost the exact same thing when i asked him how i could tell if i was crazy or not .
you seriously do n't know the first thing about compulsion .
i 'd often told lissa the same thing about her and vladimir .
his expression showed me that he was thinking the same thing .
it was the same thing i 'd said to lissa when i watched , terrified , as she used her magic to torture jesse .
if there was one thing ryland knew for certain , donovans was about money and personal profit , not national security .
he lived and worked his life there on the whitney estate and had been the closest thing to family and friend that peter had aside from lily .
` ` i never had to tell you the same thing twice . ''
ryland did n't want to say or do the wrong thing .
she always had a way of saying the right thing at exactly the moment it needed to be said . ''
all i ' m asking in return is the same thing from you .
about the only thing we can say about pandemonium definitely is that it is very , very large - staggeringly larger than any of our human cities , and possibly larger and more populous than earth .
what clave calls secrecy , praetor calls not telling clave every single thing about themselves and their operations .
i just wrote a thing , but it was not appropriate for a textbook so i erased it .
this is especially true of adolescence , when your social fortunes can be decided by the most trivial of wrong choices : wearing the wrong outfit , saying the wrong thing , kissing the wrong guy .
believing you are in love with your best friend is an entirely understandable thing .
and it is luke who says perhaps the truest and most important thing in the books , making explicit their message , in city of fallen angels : ` ` be what you are .
` ` i ca n't think of one thing i said that would have made her leave me . ''
there was one thing i was sure of : glenda was n't going to push for my life story .
that 's the one thing she should never doubt .
the only thing he 'd said there that even came close to a reason as to why he should marry bethy was the part where he said he loved her and she was the best thing that had ever happened to him .
i 'll simply teach her a thing or two about the male anatomy .
i ' m going to die of parasites because i do n't know the first thing about how to maintain sanity in my nether regions .
it comes with a promise , backed by love , and everything in me sighs with relief because the very thing i decried as a fallacy , materialized in the only person i have ever wanted .
` ` i ' m not keeping a single thing from you , '' she whispers as her face lights up like a christmas tree .
` ` i regret every last thing , '' he continues .
if i regret one thing , it 's ever asking her to marry me . ''
there is one thing i was keeping from you . ''
the only thing he said that morning that i keep reminding myself over and over again was that i did n't sleep with the girl .
` ` i did n't tell you one more thing that jeremy told me .
i looked at marcus hardy and realized that might be the first wise thing that had ever come out of the dude 's mouth .
i reached over and slid my finger under her chin to tilt her head up so she could see my face when i said the next thing .
` ` good , because that getaway car thing was a joke .
she did n't know what was going on , but she was sure of one thing : she needed the police .
` ` what a nice thing to say . ''
he just hoped that what she wanted turned out to be the same thing he did - for them to be together .
then he said the first stupid thing that popped into his head .
` ` but i just need to hear one thing from you before we go . ''
` ` morgan does n't believe there 's any such thing as a purely physical relationship , and gabe thinks you 're looking for ms .
one thing he knew without a shadow of a doubt .
lying snuggled under covers that carried the scent of lavender and cedar , she allowed herself to admit things that would have been unthinkable a few weeks ago , maybe even a few days ago .
tyler exchanged a glance with alex that said plainly she was thinking the same thing he was .
she 'd never thought such a thing was possible , but this man was the epitome of the word .
it was probably the most asinine thing he could have asked .
` ` although i would like to say one thing . ''
marjorie had felt the same thing herself .
she said the only thing that came to mind .
he considered himself friends with all of his exes - monica , his latest , included - and figured they 'd say the same thing about him .
as soon as she said it , she remembered saying the same thing to stephanie .
` ` i 'll bet she said the same thing , too , right ? ''
` ` the same thing i said before . ''
but if it makes you feel any better , i ' m not a very good dancer , either , so i promise i wo n't say a thing if you step on my feet .
mabel said exactly the same thing . ''
andrea said exactly the same thing to me just the other day . ''
i said the same thing .
her expression was a curious blend of confusion and patience , and it was that , above all , that finally enabled mike to figure out the right thing to say .
` ` i said the same thing to henry after i got home .
lost in her breathlike touch , he knew only one thing for sure : in the instant their lips first met , there was a flicker of something almost electrical that made him believe the feeling would last forever .
the poor guy had been staring at her all night , and though he tried to be circumspect , she knew exactly what he was thinking , because frankly , she was thinking the same thing .
` ` there 's one thing you should understand about the police .
she was one hell of a good - looking lady , but she did n't know the first thing about turning a young boy into a man .
it was the type of thing drake would have said , and she was struck by the sudden desire to be alone once again .
same thing when i transferred to unc wilmington , which was close enough to go to school and make it back here at night .
` ` i ' m sure that 's the same thing a surgeon would say .
nana said the same thing , and believe me , that 's saying a lot . ''
` ` i was thinking the same thing when you drove up .
but i figure that 's the only thing that makes sense .
` ` the only thing i can think is that i carried the photo with me for five years , and i did n't want to give it up until i understood its purpose . ''
she was a few years older than he was , and it was she who taught him the ways to please a woman , the places to touch and kiss , the things to whisper .
you 're the only man - i ' ve ever been with , i do n't expect you to say the same thing , but i wanted you to know . ''
she suspected she 'd reached the front edge of the system ; everyone on the road apparently guessed the same thing .
he 'd checked in on his walkie - talkie a few minutes earlier - everyone else said the same thing .
she does n't even know me - judy said the only thing she herself would have wanted to hear , the only thing she could think to say .
she does n't even know me - judy said the only thing she herself would have wanted to hear , the only thing she could think to say .
running , ran , run ... it all meant the same thing , at least as far as she could tell .
it was then that denise recognized the same shyness in him that she 'd seen at merchants , and she suddenly acknowledged the very thing she 'd been denying to herself all along .
no doubt it was the same thing he said to every parent who asked , and it did n't do much to relieve her anxiety .
` ` that was the most beautiful thing i think i ' ve ever heard , '' he said .
the fact that taylor mcaden was sleeping in the other room was the last thing she remembered before she , too , nodded off .
` ` it means the same thing as goob . ''
` ` one thing you ' ve probably already learned is that she 'll say the first thing that pops into her head , no matter how ridiculous it is .
` ` one thing you ' ve probably already learned is that she 'll say the first thing that pops into her head , no matter how ridiculous it is .
even now , a week and a half later , the things that had been said that night still troubled her , but at the same time , she honestly wondered if she was making too much of the whole thing .
and mitch says the same thing .
' you made me lose the fish , you clumsy oaf , ' was the only thing he said . ''
` ` oh , taylor , '' she said in almost a motherly tone , ` ` it 's the same thing . ''
for a moment i could n't say a thing , but my mom seemed to sense where i was , and she looked up at me .
when i set the pages down , i wondered what i was supposed to make of such a thing .
you used to tell me the same thing when the two of you went shopping for school clothes . ''
` ` why , wilson , '' she said , drawing out the words in exaggerated southern fashion , ` ` i think that 's the sweetest thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` well ... it just felt like the right thing to say . ''
and now , you ' ve started saying these uncharacteristically sweet things .
to be honest , it 's not the most pleasant thing to hear , and while it would be easy to get defensive , i ' ve come to understand that arguing with her about it has never solved anything .
` ` you said the same thing a couple of years ago . ''
she laughed , about to say the same thing to me .
` ` one thing i ' ve learned is that you can never bring too much stuff when you 're traveling . ''
i ' m going to say the same thing to the rest of the group later , when it 's my turn to talk .
she had no qualms with saying things like ` ` i brought you into this world and i sure as hell can take you out , '' and then acting sweet as sugar a moment later , arms open for a hug .
` ` it 's exactly the same thing micah said . ''
when she asked me what i wanted , i could think of only one thing to say .
if your kids can say the same thing later in life , wo n't you think you did a good job as a parent ? ''
` ` i could say the same thing about you , '' i offered quietly .
` ` disgusting , cool - same thing . ''
and , if you asked him , he would say the same thing about me .
he chuckled , as if thinking the same thing .
` ` i ca n't hear a thing you 're saying .
her friends , of course , assured her that she did n't know what she was talking about , and doris had said the same thing .
yesterday he could have strolled right in and said the first thing that came to mind , but the recent zig and zag of their relationship , combined with her clearly agitated state , made it impossible to figure out exactly what he should say or how he should act .
` ` i see someone who 's really good at saying the right things , but when push comes to shove , does n't mean a thing he says . ''
` ` i see someone who 's really good at saying the right things , but when push comes to shove , does n't mean a thing he says . ''
jeremy opened his mouth to say something and suddenly remembered that lexie had said exactly the same thing about the phenomenon , and she lived here .
same thing in the rest of the house .
as she answered , i got the feeling she was the kind of person who would never say a bad thing about anyone .
i was leaving in a couple of weeks , and none of this would amount to any thing ; i told myself all those things , and i think i partially convinced myself that i 'd head home just as soon as i finished eating , when my thoughts were interrupted by the sight of someone approaching .
he lapsed back into his own thoughts , and all i could think was that the same thing could be said about our conversations .
he says the same thing . ''
yeah , that 's what you said , but i ' m beginning to think you 're making the whole thing up . ''
same thing on our first night alone .
her life had entered a new phase , and while i suppose it was possible to say the same thing about me , the simple fact was that nothing much had changed on my end , unless you counted the fact that i now knew how to assemble and disassemble eight types of weapons instead of six and i 'd increased my bench press by another thirty pounds .
they 'll see ivan in the middle of downtown and they 'll turn away and startsaying things like , can you believe how beautiful those chrysanthemums are by the courthouse ? ''
it was sticky and sweet and the best thing katie had eaten in aslong as she could remember .
` ` it was n't one thing , '' he said .
it was the kind of thing that carly used to say .
it had included things like ` ` i 'll give up cigarettes unless i really , really need one '' and ` ` i 'll unleash romantic surprises every week , such as : an impromptu picnic , roses , or a trip to paris -- but not actually any of those things because now they 're not surprises . ''
then , tatiana said the most startling thing of all .
lissa and i were thinking the same thing .
but saying one thing before it happens and then actually having that thing happen are two different things . ''
christian had said the same thing to lissa .
because suddenly , i was pretty sure he was experiencing the same thing i had earlier .
somehow , that was the worst thing he could have said .
my mom got mad and said the same thing to him that she said to me , that it was cruel to spread stories no one could prove . ''
and we all heard the stories -- people have been making up things that are extreme even for rose . ''
were these people thinking the same thing about me ?
the no - alibi thing was n't good , but i kind of shared abe 's vibe .
i have just one more thing to say and then i promise not to mention it again .
she could n't very well admit she found him intriguing , and so she said the first thing that came to mind .
this was quite possibly the very last thing she would even have guessed that finn could possibly mail her .
` ` that 's the most romantic thing you ' ve ever said to me . ''
` ` and my mother said the same thing , '' he said gruffly , sounding annoyed .
more than anything she could have said tonight , that was the one thing that would make me seriously consider this craziness .
so i held onto the one thing i knew to be true .
` ` it 's not the same thing , jess .
i did n't have to ask him what he was talking about because i was thinking the same thing .
` ` this gives the whole frog - prince thing a new meaning . ''
alex had said that exact same thing to me .
` ` it was the first thing that popped into my mind .
and the worst part was that she knew val heard the same thing , and he did n't say no , do n't do that , we 're a long way from over .
it was such a sad thing to say .
with everything on nora 's mind , one thing kept rising to the surface ; she should have called caroline the day before , to warn her about the coming media storm .
there was no reason for her to speak , and truthfully , she could n't think of a thing to say .
slowly , she heard herself answer , ` ` i ' m a good writer ... '' that was one thing she 'd always believed .
she said the first thing that popped into her mind .
she 'd said the wrong thing again .
it pissed her off , how easy it was to remember things in this place , to feel them .
try this : tell her one personal thing about you every day .
just one , and try to find out one thing about her .
she took a deep breath , released it slowly , and wrote the first thing that came to mind .
it had been the rock - bottom basement of their faith , the thing they 'd said to each other for weeks : mom would be home in time for school ...
so , she said the first thing that came to mind .
all he could think was , ruby 's home , and she was standing in front of him and he did n't want to say the wrong thing , but he could n't imagine what the right thing was .
she had a nagging sense that if she said the right thing now - in this heartbeat of time which felt steeped in sudden possibility - she could change things .
it 's a horrible thing to say , a horrible thing to have done .
for more than ten years , she 'd sworn to herself that if she ever got the chance with dean , she would say the thing that mattered .
it was so precisely the sort of thing she would have said at sixteen .
i guess that 's one of the things i learned this summer but it 's not the most important ; it 's not the thing i will hold close and pass on to my own daughter when the time is right .
what a silly thing to say when she was sitting there dressed like a man , about to tear off to france in the company of spies .
perhaps not the correct thing to say , she realized a moment too late when the skinny man 's face broke into a rather disturbing smile .
` ` i was just thinking that very same thing , '' alexandra told him .
michael 's gaze softened marginally , for which she was truly grateful , considering how embarrassed she felt , but he apparently could n't stop himself from adding one last thing .
she did n't know why this man was deliberately trying to set her up - the only thing that mattered was that he was and that could only mean one thing .
she did n't know why this man was deliberately trying to set her up - the only thing that mattered was that he was and that could only mean one thing .
now i know how you feel , because i felt the very same thing after meeting your mother . ''
` ` well , i can take it to mean only one thing , my lady .
this is not the sort of thing that a gentleman ought to tell a lady .
not only did you disregard the risk to your own reputation , choosing instead to help a dear old woman in need , you also did n't deny a single thing when you were confronted .
` ` the last thing she told me was that she would never have me , no matter what . ''
` ` michael always said the same thing to me , yet there was no disputing the fact that he always loved the look of my backside in a pair of breeches . ''
` ` that sounds like the exact sort of thing i tell my patients before i make the first incision . ''
perhaps not the most positive thing she could tell a sick man , but he deserved to know the truth .
now , as she left the footpath behind her and marched hastily across the grass , she considered all the horrible things she 'd said to him in anger .
` ` i thought exactly the same thing ; told him so too , in fact .
` ` but in the end , it boiled down to one simple thing : you would eventually discover that your uncle was not suffering from a fatal illness , and once you did , you would also realize that he was somehow involved .
it was the last thing she said before pushing her unsuspecting , twelve - year - old daughter out of the window to face her fate alone .
he was the tallest of lord moorland 's three children , and while he was certainly as handsome as his brother , he almost looked angrier , if such a thing was possible .
` ` do you always have to say the first thing that pops into your head ? ''
she simply could n't believe that alexandra had just said such a thing about a peeress , regardless of their blood ties , and in her presence no less .
` ` how can you ask me such a thing ?
her gaze was distant for a moment , but then her eyes met william 's and she said , ` ` all of this is true , though there 's one significant thing missing from your account .
` ` would n't mind toppling her myself , though i do imagine you 'd have a thing or two to say about that . ''
ignoring the earl 's claim that the letter was a fake , william zeroed in on the first thing he 'd said instead .
lucy found herself holding her breath as he spoke , his eyes appearing to mist over , though he 'd probably deny such a thing .
` ` you mentioned no such thing before . ''
because i want you to know from the start where i stand so that no matter what happens this week , no matter how hard i push you , no matter how far i take you out of your comfort zone , you know one thing if you know nothing else .
he knew he 'd said exactly the right thing because her eyes caught fire and she stirred like a wild thing in his arms .
i just do n't want to embarrass you or do or say the wrong thing . ''
` ` sure thing , doll .
in his shoes , she 'd be wondering the same thing .
it was the very last thing she 'd imagined they 'd say .
the one thing i can promise you above all other things is that i will never willingly walk away from you again .
i mean it 's just that 's the last thing i expected you to say . ''
` ` i understand , but i need to say one last thing .
` ` it 's not that simple , '' she argued , remembering that she 'd said the exact same thing to julie and faith not long ago .
i would have said only one thing .
not that she 'd ever admit such a thing to anyone .
` ` i ' ve thought the same thing about nathan more times than i care to admit .
` ` if you 're tamed , your girly might have a thing or two to say about me having you any way i want you .
she would n't deny him the one thing he 'd asked of her so far .
he 'd said some really sweet things and he 'd seemed sincere .
his gut clenched at even hearing such a thing .
he remembered one thing about head injuries .
he wanted to stroke her back and say absurdly sweet things to her .
she had to gear up to say just the right thing or face losing the one thing she most wanted .
one thing she would n't do is lie .
` ` you do n't owe him a goddamn thing .
think i 'll have her teach julie a thing or two about self - defense . ''
he 'd told her he 'd take whatever she had to offer but told her in no uncertain terms not to expect a damn thing from him .
unfortunately , balan found he could n't think of a thing to say .
i think the two of you would suit each other beautifully , and you know i love you like a sister and would not lie about such a thing . ''
he was rather hoping the same thing himself .
` ` hmmm , '' murie murmured , wondering the very thing herself .
` ` why would she lie about such a thing ?
murie had already been to ask the same thing . ''
she has been orphaned , like i myself was , and was terrified i would not like her or some similar thing .
apparently it was the right thing to say ; the cook relaxed at once , but chided , ` ` you should have sent someone to fetch it for you .
balan rose as she was still shuddering with pleasure and started to shift to his knees , but then paused and glanced skyward , his hands reaching out to the sides as he realized that , yes , indeed it was raining , and his wife had n't said a thing and now lay half soaked and trembling .
clement interrupted , with the closest thing to a smile anyone had ever seen on his face .
he saw a flicker of surprise in her eyes , like sunlight on water , that he would have ever known such a thing .
he could not deny a single thing she 'd said .
yet he was not about to admit such a thing to her now .
why had he said such a thing ?
her heart , trembling thing that it was , would guide both her steps and words .
what terrible thing was he going to tell her ?
' funny , but i could say the same thing about you . '
which seemed , noelle thought , a strange thing to say , considering she had not said she was worried .
to his credit though , jase does n't react at all to the two dads thing .
is it the thing professor said about my hands ?
yet , even as i try to justify his silence , i know it can only mean one thing .
noah and madison - just like my parents - are eager to join me on my road trip adventure , but i tell them the same thing .
pelham ... the grayson she once knew ... neither would ever say such a thing .
blinking , rhys thought exactly the same thing .
isabel would never say such a thing to grayson 's mother .
` ` that is the last thing i want to hear from you .
when i was sure i could respond without sounding livid i said the first thing that came to my mind .
you used to say some pretty harsh things to ash and i never let anyone talk to ash that way . ''
besides , from the look on beau 's face i ' m afraid he would have killed sawyer with his bare hands had sawyer said the wrong thing . ''
telling beau i was breaking up with sawyer was n't the kind of thing i needed to text him .
` ` yeah , beau , i 'd like to know the same thing , '' said a voice that did n't belong to beau .
i 'd been thinking the same thing but hearing it from someone else was hard .
` ` come on , let 's get back out there before one of them says the wrong thing and all hell breaks loose . ''
my aunt honey 's voice rang in my ears when not too long ago she 'd said the same thing about my dad and beau .
that was the only thing that was going to calm down the violent storm inside me .
when i could finally catch my breath , his fingers left me and pulled my panties back into place ; then i was being cuddled in his arms while he whispered things against my neck between kisses and little nibbles .
i was going to have to tell her everything or she 'd end up assuming the wrong thing and tell him where i was .
as he edged back onto the road , he resolved to check with the doctors in louisiana again , although he suspected they 'd tell him the same thing they had before .
` ` eugenia does n't know the first thing about bidding and it ruined the entire game .
my mom and i were talking about the very same thing this morning . ''
` ` the only thing he ever told me was her name . ''
the last thing he remembered before waking up in the hospital was dawson standing over him , and it took a long time for him to make any sense of what abee and ella were telling him .
it was the catchiest , prettiest thing either of us had ever heard .
she 'd heard a lot of promising things about south beach , and it sounded like the kind of place she might end up staying in for a while .
just do a little purring and say all the right things , but then he might get it into his head to come and visit her while she was at work , and that was the last thing she wanted .
` ` i ' m sorry i said the thing about trying to make conant jealous .
nick knew the same thing she did .
it was always hard for z to tell which thing was just one bit of commentary too far .
` ` there 's one other thing i think everyone should know .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , '' cole said .
cole and jane exchanged a glance , and she knew they were thinking the same thing .
she only hoped he knew the same thing about her - or that she could prove it to him .
` ` i am sorry i ... '' there were so many things to be sorry for that connor did not know where to start , and so he said the last thing he should have said aloud .
this was the last thing she expected to hear .
one thing he knew for certain .
one thing the boys got from their father for sure .
but there 's one thing i can guarantee you .
` ` i was just asking the same thing , '' sam said dryly .
their mother 's defensive tone could only mean one thing .
in a lot of ways , she supposed it was the kindest thing they could have thought .
he was thinking the exact same thing .
` ` tell me every thing you remember , ethan .
` ` you said that thing about watching kids play . ''
the first thing that comes to mind . ''
that 's a really mean thing to say to me . ''
` ` the thing about dead people , '' he said , and then stopped himself .
but as she got sicker , i mean , she 'd just repeat the same stories and laugh at her own comments even if she 'd already said the same thing a hundred times that day .
i need one and only one thing from you before i walk out of your life forever : what happens to anna 's mother ? ''
he woke up after a while and the first thing he said was , ` ` hazel , '' which i have to admit made me kind of happy , like maybe i was part of his family , too .
` ` did he ever give you that thing he was writing ? ''
the last thing any guy wants to hear from a woman .
he 'd said the one thing guaranteed to keep her on board .
in weak moments , she 'd thought the same thing .
the bully was farming her out to someone else , and there was n't one thing she could say about it in front of the client , unless she wanted to get fired for insubordination .
` ` only one thing would make it better .
but one thing she believed , he really was in love with her .
` ` one more thing- '' ` ` always one more thing ! ''
it was the most terrible thing she 'd ever heard .
his slashing motions as he traced the x became more and more violent , and his voice was the most dreadful thing jenny had ever heard .
but one thing jenny had learned : everybody 's nightmare was scariest to them .
the only thing not crossed out was in the middle , and jenny could n't tell what it was .
` ` before i leave , will you just tell me one thing ? ''
diana , there 's such a thing as carrying modesty too far , '' melanie said , her cool gray eyes disbelieving .
diana , there 's such a thing as carrying modesty too far ... '' ` ` who is he ?
although she was clinging to raj , she could see , sense , think of only one thing .
and the last thing julian said to me after taking them was : if you want them , come on a treasure hunt .
` ` the last thing she said was to have my parents call her tomorrow , because she did n't even know we were visiting .
she 'd said the same thing to him in the tower of the paper house .
they 'd said exactly the same thing to him .
it was summer who said the astonishing thing .
as they headed for the cab , michael said the kind of thing that only michael could say .
` ` that 's a lovely thing to say .
` ` i still do n't understand one thing . ''
one thing shone through as clearly as the moonlight slashing away at the murky depths .
had n't he thought the same thing a few seconds ago ?
phoebe had said much the same thing to him when he 'd told her about turning down the job with landis international .
` ` she told him the same thing she told everyone else .
the last thing he 'd expected was acceptance , encouragement even .
eloisa could barely wrap her brain around the very last thing she 'd expected to hear .
she wondered the same thing herself .
` ` mom , '' she blurted out , the last thing she would have expected to ever come out of her mouth .
the truth settled in her heart , the only thing that made sense in her life .
` ` only thing anyone could get by having him killed . ''
he guessed if his sister isabelle died , he woul miss her a little , but not enough to be the one who got u and said some kind words about her at the funeral servic because to tell the truth he could n't think of a single kini thing he might care to say about her , dead or alive .
brown was wondering the same thing .
reynolds was thinking the same thing .
it was the kind of thing kayla would bring up for years .
` ` let 's get one thing straight , '' she said .
see , last night i suggested the same thing .
as he took his seat at the piano , he felt it again , the same thing he 'd told the marriage counselor as he 'd sat on the couch .
of course , she 'd thought the same thing after meeting blaze , and look how that had turned out .
` ` do you ever listen to a single thing i say ?
you scratch my back , i scratch yours , that kind of thing .
how could anyone explain such a thing ?
` ` look , let 's get one thing straight .
and when he said almost the same thing to you just a little while ago , you sort of froze . ''
her dad seemed to realize the same thing because he stopped for a moment , appeared to think of something new , and started over from the beginning .
he 'd said the same thing a hundred times before .
probably the same thing she was thinking : wow .
susan was n't right about everything , but she had guessed right about one thing : ronnie was the reason marcus had come .
` ` okay , after all the ridiculous buildup , '' jonah started , ` ` and watching the whole thing from start to finish , i just have one thing to say . ''
more than anything , she wished jonah had been there with them , and she knew her dad was thinking the same thing .
` ` sure thing , galadriel . ''
despite the weight of her grief , she smiled , knowing that jonah was thinking the same thing .
the truth is often a terrible thing , and i wish again that i were someone else .
` ` you said the same thing last night when i asked you why you rode bulls , '' she remarked .
she evaluated his answer , remembering that he 'd said the same thing last night - when he 'd won .
when i saw the segment , i could barely imagine such a thing , but obviously it has taken on new meaning at the present time .
` ` do you know what the first thing she said to me was ?
` ` i think , '' he countered , ` ` that i could say the same thing about you . ''
my father noted the same thing . ''
` ` i honestly do n't know why he 'd say such a thing .
she knew it was the only thing he could say , but the question of their future still left her feeling unsettled .
i 'll record the whole thing !
she jumped up , and jack would have defended her honor except that he had to admit he 'd have said the same thing were he seated under her .
` ` that is a terrible thing to say , '' miss eversleigh responded .
and then heaven help her , she could not think of a single good thing to say except , ` ` the dowager would give her life for the family . ''
` ` miss eversleigh , '' he said , since the moment called for some thing , and there was no way he was going to apologize .
and if there was one thing she had learned during her five years at belgrave , it was that the aristocracy were different from the rest of humanity .
and so he said the one thing that was in his heart .
it was the one thing he could n't hear .
only jack would say such a thing .
` ` that 's a nice thing to say after i ' ve unloaded on you .
he did n't say much , but he said exactly the right thing .
the last thing she said to me was , ' do n't worry , baby , do n't be scared .
` ` he never said a thing .
gage never said a thing , and all the times i babbled on about my plans here .
for all i know she 's screwing him and she 'll say any damn thing . ''
he pokes at it again , probably wondering the same thing .
it 's almost the same exact thing that elena said .
he 's right and everyone at the table is quiet for a minute , probably reflecting on that very thing .
` ` sure thing , tiny tot . ''
judging by his scowl that was the last thing he wanted to hear from her .
his attorneys had told him the same thing .
` ` i 'll say the same thing next week , next year and ten years from now . ''
i leave everything i hold dear , my possessions , my assets and my beloved son , rhett , to my sister , carlene leah corbin , because she 'll be a better mother to my son than even i could be.in an overkill move , marlene had had the thing notarized .
primarily , the terms of kincaid 's will added to the purchase of the apartment could only mean one thing .
` ` that 's the truest thing you ' ve ever said , '' melanie interrupted .
` ` i have one more thing to tell you , '' she 'd said , and then laurel had come in .
` ` well , yeah , '' tre said , sounding as if such a thing was obvious .
i would n't know the first thing about where to start , but we could figure it out together . ''
` ` there 's one thing i ai n't told you .
` ` you used to think the same thing . ''
i remember him yelling at me the only time he ever visited me in the bad place , and he said some pretty awful things about nikki and silver linings in general .
i tell cliff i hope he never has to experience apart time , and he says he hopes my apart time will end soon , which is a pretty nice thing to say .
then again , maybe this is the sort of thing you have to learn by living your life - failing like dimmesdale did , and i guess like i did too .
because i am wearing my baskett jersey , i insist that baskett is the man , to which my father blows air through his teeth , and my cocky brother says , ` ` we 'll see soon , '' which is a weird thing for him to say , considering he was the one who gave me the baskett jersey in the first place and just two weeks ago assured me that baskett was really the man .
we talk a little more about how i made it through a whole week without having an episode , which is evidence that the drugs are working , according to cliff - because he does n't know i spit at least half of the pills into the toilet - and when it is time for me to go , cliff says , ` ` i just have one more thing to say to you . ''
this is a pretty ironic thing for him to say , especially since he has hardly said anything to me since i have been home and never really spends any time with me or my mother or jake at all , but i am glad my father is finally talking to me .
` ` congratulations '' is a strange thing for her to say , especially since i have not won a prize or anything , but i am really only thinking about what happened last night , why mom came home drunk .
i keep wishing tiffany was running with me so i might talk to her and tell her how i feel , which is a strange desire since she usually never says much in response , and the last time i tried to talk to her about my problems , she started cursing very loudly in a public place and said some really awful things about nikki .
in the taxi i tell my brother i do n't have any money to pay for the taxi ride , but he says i never have to pay for anything when i am with him , which is a nice thing to say , but his saying it makes me feel sort of strange .
` ` turn around , bright eyes , '' tiffany says , which is a very weird thing for her to say , because my eyes are brown and very dull , but of course i turn around .
but i 'll tell you the same thing i tell my students when they complain about the depressing nature of american literature : life is not a pg feel - good movie .
jake says waters probably killed himself after watching the eagles play so poorly against the titans , which was not a funny thing to say at all .
this is the only thing i will ever ask of you .
my father probably gave her the same thing last year , but mom acts really surprised and says , ` ` patrick , you should n't have , '' before she kisses my father on the lips and then hugs him .
so i made up the whole liaison thing in an effort to provide you closure , hoping you would snap out of your funk and would be able to move on with your life once you understood that being reunited with your ex - wife was an impossibility .
it 's not a very nice thing for me to say , especially since caitlin is probably already dressed and waiting for jake to come home , but the truth is , i need my brother 's help getting out of the linc on crutches .
he said , and that question was the last thing he ever did say to me .
but the only thing i could think about was how tommy died believing i no longer wanted to have sex with him .
i had already talked to jake about his threat , but i have a hard time imagining ronnie saying such a thing to tiffany .
almost immediately the field turns white , and this is when tiffany whispers the strangest thing .
it is a strange thing for her to say , so far removed from a regular woman 's ` ` i love you , '' and yet probably more true .
` ` i ' ve followed your music career , '' i say in a bright , but too loud voice , just for want of a better thing to say .
it 's not the worst thing in the world i ' ve ever said , and my drug counsellor says i ' m supposed to be open about these things . ''
it 's not the worst thing in the world i ' ve ever said , and my drug counsellor says i ' m supposed to be open about these things . ''
if i thought that little taste of cream was heaven i was sorely mistaken , because the whole thing ; sponge and chocolate - chip and cream , together is bliss .
you 're writing my bio , so i have to keep you sweet so you write nice things about me . ''
not exactly sex , but the closest thing i ' m going to get to it with him for another week .
and i know it 's a weird thing to say , but it almost feels like we 're a couple tonight , the way he 's being so attentive to me , even though we are clearly not and never will be .
i try not to think of how many women he 's said the very same thing too .
i feel him stiffen under my hands , and i know i ' ve said the wrong thing .
when he came back , he said that maybe i should talk to you , because jake was really screwed up over the whole will being here thing . ''
i chastise myself for this whole time apart thing .
i did n't say a goddamn thing to him about what he 'd done to me and mom .
oh actually that 's a lie , i know one thing .
and the worst thing about it is some of his fans are blaming his behaviour on me for leaving him .
turning on the spot , i state , ` ` no , i wo n't bloody stop and listen to you because i ' m not interested in a damn thing you have to say ! ''
next thing you 'll say is let 's go to a g*y bar because there 're no women there . ''
even when he stands and holds his hand out for me , i still ca n't think of a thing to say .
` ` the sex has always been good between us , theresa ... that 's one thing that 's never been in doubt .
okay that was n't quite the right thing to say either .
` ` i ' m so sorry for more things than you could possibly imagine ... but that 's the one thing i ca n't give you . ''
i was also afraid of saying the wrong thing and alienating you even further .
he was obviously thinking the same thing .
when it came to hannah , they were always thinking the same thing .
i ' m going to tell you the same thing dex said .
he could n't say the same thing of hannah .
gavin said one thing , but his eyes said another .
they could put it in a million flowery words and it amounted to the same thing : she was good enough to play with , but not tempting or pretty enough to make love to .
kade took a long breath , muttering something that she would bet was n't a polite thing to say in his language .
it had been a silly thing to say .
he did n't have anyone but his brothers who would say a damn thing against him .
maybe she did n't have to tell belle a thing .
` ` this is n't the same thing at all .
and the first thing you told me was to treat submissives with the respect they deserve .
she blushed , but it had been the perfect thing to say .
i 'll go with it , but only if you promise me one thing . ''
and because jansen was dominic 's former brother - in - law , the asswipe probably knew a thing or two about who dominic shared a sex life with .
i really do , but if there 's one thing i ' ve learned about getting people to heal ... sometimes you got ta give them a shove .
she began to protest , her words saying one thing , while her fingers said another .
they had been so gentle because they were worried she would break at any moment , but the whole ` ` poking fun at her '' thing meant that she really could n't stay angry .
chapter fourteen cooper sat down and wished he could think of a damn thing to say to get that dark look off dane 's face .
` ` we ' ve gone over and over everything , and it 's the only thing that makes sense , '' riley explained , taking over .
` ` that was a thoughtless thing to say .
he could stand in front of her and ask her if they 'd ever meant a damn thing to her .
you have to go in there confident in one thing . ''
it was the first thing he 'd said in almost an hour .
` ` i know , but -- '' ` ` it always started with the one thing .
the four of them had n't agreed on a thing all week -- not the song that should be sung at the funeral , nor who should sing it , not what his headstone should look like , nor what color roses should drape the casket .
she headed for the door , heard mrs . mauk say , ` ` you 're a good kid , lauren '' ; it was the same thing the manager said every time she had to ask for money .
she 'd said the same thing at least five times in the last hour .
why would the man say such a thing ? ''
by the end of the presentation she knew one thing for sure : she would n't have been accepted to ucla these days .
i think mrs . brady said the same thing to marcia . ''
at least , she believed she had , and in the end , that was pretty much the same thing .
mira asked me the same thing . ''
it was the only thing she could have lived with .
it was the same thing lauren had thought on her own .
how am i supposed to say the right thing when you change your mind every ten seconds ? ''
` ` like you ' ve ever said the right thing .
they were all wondering the same thing .
whenever a nurse came into her room , she said , i ' m the birth mother ; talk to the malones about the baby , before the nurse could say a thing .
he could always do it ; say just the right thing she needed to hear .
which , by the way , is the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` before i go , there 's one more thing i 'd like to say . ''
a word of advice - do n't let mom or dad ever hear you say such a thing . ''
it seemed that every time he opened his mouth , he said the wrong thing .
` ` does diane ever say one thing when she means another ? ''
` ` that 's the most horrible thing you ' ve ever said to me , rich manning . ''
he was probably thinking the same thing she was .
she half suspected jason was thinking the same thing .
jason must have been thinking the same thing .
all at once she could n't think of a single thing .
she knew he 'd taken the same length of time , and he 'd probably been thinking the same thing .
` ` that 's probably the most beautiful thing you ' ve said to me . ''
frazzled as she was , she chose the first thing she saw .
but the backseat of a limo with a driver listening in did n't seem the most appropriate place to tell her those things .
the minute he made the suggestion , james realized he 'd said the wrong thing .
he had a number of reasons , some valid , others not , but he did say one thing that made sense . ''
summer must have been thinking the same thing because she said , ` ` we always seem to be leaving each other . ''
it does n't matter , because her name spells just one thing .
` ` i can turn james 's campaign around if you 'll agree to one thing . ''
` ` that 's the first thing i learned after i married your mother .
she never told me a thing that i did n't have to pry out of her with a crowbar .
he never worried about summer saying the wrong thing or inadvertently embarrassing him .
` ` that 's a really shitty thing to say . ''
because after today , one thing was clear .
wyatt had n't proved a thing yet .
i was going to tell him a thing or two about giving information to the enemy camp .
they did not , however , offer me the one thing i was waiting for .
` ` whatever i know about jason is the same thing i ' ve known about him all along ; there 's nothing new .
` ` that 's a girl thing to say .
` ` you could have fooled me , '' he drawled , which was n't the smartest thing he could have said .
i believed him on both counts , because he 'd told my parents the same thing , and his mother , and the whole police force .
i wanted to ask about nan and kiro but i did n't want blaire to walk down here and have that be the first thing she heard .
he told me when i was younger that if you called them all the same thing then when you shot your load you would n't be caught moaning the wrong name .
for right now that was the only thing i could say .
it was the first nice thing she 'd said since she 'd gotten here .
he seems different though , '' bethy said , apparently thinking the same thing i was .
before i could think another thing , michael 's fingers clamp around my n**ples .
her body was telling me one thing but those eyes were saying something else .
the only thing i was positive of was that this woman hated me .
that way i wo n't ask the wrong thing . ''
` ` can i ask you to do one thing ?
by the look on his face , he was clearly wondering the same thing about me .
just his physical presence made my head spin and i could n't be certain we were talking about the same thing .
i knew one thing for certain ; i did n't want him to leave .
it was the one thing i had to offer him , after he had opened himself up to assist in my research .
he looked adorable first thing in the morning , sleepy - eyed and still incredibly sexy .
both mother and daughter clearly adored cohen and delighted at each thing he did and said , and otherwise pretty much ignored me .
besides , some of the things she 'd been telling zachary about foreign countries sounded a bit interesting .
how can you accuse me of such a thing ?
` ` one more thing and you 're not going to be able to move in here , '' the delivery man said .
` ` you have no call to be saying such a thing to me . ''
no doubt john was thinking the same thing .
there is no such thing as privacy when you live with fifty other people .
ethan says the same thing about going down on me .
you can hang out here too if you tell me one thing . ''
` ` rose , you ' ve got to stop saying things like that . ''
what she said suddenly sounded very reasonable , like the most reasonable thing in the world .
fate must have been thinking the same thing , because five minutes after i left lissa , i passed christian walking across the quad .
i did n't think she was being followed , but ms . karp used to say the same thing .
` ` she set up jesse and ralf to say those things about rose !
there it was again , the same thing ms . karp had called me .
` ` because of the age thing , right ? ''
christian says the same thing . ''
you 're playing matchmaker with me and this- '' person he could n't recall a single thing about ` ` -neighbor . ''
if she intended to use his daughter to get to him , then she was about to learn a thing or two .
carrie suspected that mackenzie was hearing much the same thing from her father .
` ` she told me the same thing .
my thoughts could only focus on the fact that after everything that had happened , and everything i just said , the only thing she had to say was to scold me about driving home drunk .
you tell america that you do n't want to date me , but you get so pissed off when i say the same thing that you storm out and get ridiculously drunk .
` ` it 's the tattoos , '' she said , flippant and shrugging , as if she had n't just said the one thing i 'd ever wanted to hear .
every other guy there will be thinking the same thing . ''
the only thing i could make out was have dinner with me from the douche in the suit , and abby saying i ' m here with someone .
it was a long shot , but the only thing i had going for me .
` ` sure thing , now get out there and have some fun for both of us . ''
though she had n't said a single hurtful thing , hugh still felt he bore the sting of those claws on his conscience , if nowhere else .
the rain was the first thing that came to mind .
juliana had felt indignation and rage grow within her at her husband thinking such a thing ... until the maid had asked uncertainly , ' they are lies , are they not , my lady ? '
this would be the closest thing i 'd ever get to a goodbye .
last time he 'd asked me that the next thing he said was i should really start driving my jeep again because josh would want me to .
and the lemon cake thing the invisible fairy brought me earlier was fu - amazing too . ''
my sister says the same thing .
he clung to that piece of evidence , the only thing he could point to with any assurance .
he thought of all the things he 'd decided to say , but the only thing that came to his lips was the simple truth .
he thought of all the things he 'd decided to say , but the only thing that came to his lips was the simple truth .
the never - surrender thing went right out the window , and he started waving the white flag like a dog wagging his tail .
you have the look of a man who is only sure of one thing .
as if reinforcing the very thing that shea had spoken in nathan 's mind , donovan put his hand on nathan 's shoulder and urged him forward .
she quickly realized the absurdity of thinking such a thing .
it was an easy thing to promise .
and then i want you to think about the one thing you can tell me .
` ` i love you , '' she groaned , because that was the only thing she could say , the one outstanding truth in the maze of lies and subterfuges .
she had n't told him anything about herself , not one single thing , except her name and the fact she wanted to interview him for her cable tv show .
just this one thing ... that 's disgusting !
` ` one last thing and i 'll let you come , cher . ''
yes , according to jack , deke was into menage , but still , what a thing to confess out loud .
` ` i can only think of one thing that would make you this crazy right now .
the one thing i never did was level with jack and just tell him i was in love with his wife .
you do n't have to tell me a thing , '' he assured , his voice smoky and intimate .
in order to make choices for her future , she needed to know that might never change ... along with the other thing he could n't give her .
that was probably the nicest thing luc could have said to him in that moment .
` ` does n't mean a damn thing to him .
luc wondered the same thing and cursed .
besides , one look at her and artificial insemination was the last thing that came to mind .
in luc 's shoes , she 'd assume the same thing .
remy would n't say a damn thing . ''
a million things clicked into place : the reason she was so touchy about people assuming she was a whore , the reason she insisted that the girls who work for her better themselves , the reason she hated to rely on others unless forced , the reason she was n't wound up about being nude in public .
it had been the wrong thing to say , she realized .
he could think of only one thing he 'd been less than honest about .
he did n't have an easy answer except trust - the one thing he 'd shattered between them .
a year has n't made me a huge expert , but one thing i can tell you is that if deke ever threatened me the way you just did her , we 'd be doing ten rounds of verbal smackdown in the parking lot . ''
` ` i appreciate your help , but let 's get one thing straight . ''
i admit that i do n't know the first thing about hiding from an assassin . ''
hunter lunged into tyler 's personal space , then growled , ` ` let 's get one thing straight : kata is not your ' baby ' ; she 's my wife .
sometimes ... he says just the right thing . ''
` ` never any such thing , honey .
there was only one thing left to say .
technically , it was the right thing to say , but her offer left him cold .
the second she issued the challenge , tara knew it was the wrong thing to say .
that was the last damn thing she wanted to hear .
` ` probably the only thing we ' ve ever agreed on . ''
even knowing how it would end , i would not change a thing .
you 're no longer his , and you do n't have to do a damn thing he says . ''
i memorized the damn thing . ''
` ` he apparently thought that meant the same thing when coming from you . ''
which meant one thing and one thing only .
which meant one thing and one thing only .
so much that she could n't think of a single thing to say to him after he 'd ended the call , her arms wrapped tight around her middle as she tried to put on a brave face .
she could hear the smile in his voice as he said , ` ` considering some of the things i 'd like to do to you , i think the pervert thing is probably still valid . ''
he tightened his jaw , and she could see the truth in his eyes , even though he did n't say a damn thing .
jason supposed that whole ` ` for richer or for poorer '' thing did n't mean much to mommy dearest .
she 'd called internal affairs to report the incident , but had n't yet heard a thing .
the first thing they 'll want to know is if you love their little girl .
callie might be angry as hell with him , but one thing was clear and sent a jolt of electric desire to his cock : she had n't stopped wanting him in the last two years any more than he 'd stopped craving her .
the only place where your age difference means a thing is in your head .
he 'd awakened thinking exactly the same thing .
fuck , if that was n't the sexiest thing he 'd ever heard .
that had to be the stupidest thing he 'd ever said to a woman in his life .
it was the one thing she really needed to know blake understood .
` ` let me give you one more solid thing then . ''
they were n't going to say a thing to anyone until her next appointment with the doctor in a week .
the image of her running , not saying a thing to his face and leaving him with the knowledge that she 'd simply left held some merit .
it was the polite thing to say , nothing more .
` ` i ' m curious as to whether we 're thinking the same thing . ''
she laughed because it was a funny thing to say , a salute to a classic new york joke .
so aidan said the only thing he could .
` ` no , but it seems like the right thing to say .
he had a feeling he 'd said the wrong thing .
` ` you really do n't believe a thing i say , do you ? ''
and there was n't a damned thing he could do about that .
she went very still , afraid to do the wrong thing , say the wrong thing , and ruin this moment .
so she kept staring at it while she tried to remember the last thing he 'd said .
` ` begging your pardon , little sister , but you do n't know what the hell you 're talking about when you say there 's no such thing as one true love .
but thinking such a thing filled him with shame .
that 's the only thing i can figure out , since you were so hot to get rid of my carving .
but that was n't the most significant thing she 'd said just now .
he could n't blame her for thinking such a thing .
jake would hate to hear her say such a thing .
his eyes were like laser beams trained right on you , which means only one thing .
` ` okay , you are n't telling me the whole truth , which is pretty much the same thing .
tiny always has some brilliant thing to say back , like , ` ` for someone who theoretically does n't want me , you sure spend a lot of time thinking and talking about my penis . ''
one thing you can say for tiny : whenever something awesome happens , tiny is always the first to hear .
and there are the ones who honestly think we 're going to remember a thing they say to us after final exams are over .
` ` that 's exactly the kind of thing that you can say tomorrow ! ''
it 's very possible that jane is thinking the same thing , but i have no idea , because she 's not talking either , and i ca n't look at her on account of how i ' m blinded by embarrassment .
i have no idea what to say , so i go ahead and say the worst possible thing .
no , the only thing i thought was , hey , that 's not isaac .
` ` i do n't have a bad attitude- '' ` ` -is the kind of thing that people with bad attitudes say . ''
what 's the fifth thing ? ''
the pathetic thing i wanted to say to him on the phone - but didn't - was this : when you 're a little kid , you have something .
and the thing i wanted to say to tiny is that sometimes , i feel like his marvin .
tiny : you might not - but i have a thing or two i 'd like to say .
i just think if you do n't say the honest thing , sometimes the honest thing never becomes true , you know , and i- '' she says , but then i hold up my finger , because i need to hear the thing she just said , and she talks too fast for me to keep up .
i just think if you do n't say the honest thing , sometimes the honest thing never becomes true , you know , and i- '' she says , but then i hold up my finger , because i need to hear the thing she just said , and she talks too fast for me to keep up .
i just think if you do n't say the honest thing , sometimes the honest thing never becomes true , you know , and i- '' she says , but then i hold up my finger , because i need to hear the thing she just said , and she talks too fast for me to keep up .
i keep holding up my hand , thinking if you do n't say the honest thing , it never becomes true .
but but but you 're totally right about saying the honest thing .
i just say the next thing that comes to my mind .
` ` i know you said we 'll talk about this later but please , just answer one thing . ''
she looks down at the kit with obvious confusion but does n't say a thing .
i do n't know if a thing you say is true and i really do n't feel like i ' m being protected right now .
i open my eyes to find her looking down at me , ` ` the whole you do n't have friends thing .
i ' m sure there 's nothing but confusion written on my face , but he does n't say a thing .
terah chuckles , ` ` good to the first , yes to the second , and you know better than to ask me the third thing . ''
his eyes crinkle and he says in his most southern accent , ` ` sure thing , darlin ' .
they both tell me the same thing .
i think she said the same thing the first time we made love .
he was worried that he 'd followed bad advice on the wrong road , though he 'd never say such a thing .
no one so young can know such a thing .
at least the woman in the greenhouse felt things .
` ` sure thing , meredith . ''
it is the same thing she has said to her sister every friday since their papa was taken away .
if you believe such a thing , you are not '' -her voice lowers- '' his daughter . ''
meredith knew they were thinking the same thing : how did you just go on ?
` ` he said the same thing to my mother . ''
it dawned on her both that this was the most caring thing mom had ever said to them , and that she was right to ask it .
even a month ago , meredith would have given nina platitudes , told her that love was the only thing that mattered in life and that nina was getting to an age where she should start a family , but she had learned a thing or two in the months since dad 's death .
her father had once said to her much the same thing : do not worry , veronika petrovna , i will always be here for you .
` ` be good , '' is the last thing she says to her grandchildren .
no one wants to question the wrong thing .
then i remember a thing she said to me long ago , when i was the child who needed comfort .
he ca n't die alone is what i want to say , but how can i say such a thing to my five - year - old ?
` ` he wo n't listen to a damn thing i have to say , especially after i told him i 'd f**k raine again when i got the chance . ''
liam asked , obviously wondering the same thing .
` ` beck , the guy who brought me back here , suggested the same thing .
first smart thing you ' ve said all night , '' beck called back , peeking around the corner with a grin .
and he could n't say a damn thing or he 'd risk destroying her .
it was n't the most romantic thing either of them had ever said to her , but it still made her feel beautiful and feminine .
but she wanted to make one thing clear first .
` ` that makes me feel pretty , '' gretchen said , once such a thing was told to her by one of her friends from erie .
i wanted to say good , but i knew it was the wrong thing to say , and that i would regret saying it .
` ` well , that was a depressing thing to say , '' i said .
` ` this one thing we must refuse you , '' hickory said .
only one thing was keeping it all together , and that was the third thing i learned : that this general gau was in his way a remarkable person .
her mouth worked wordlessly , the only thing coming out of her throat a soft squeak of distress .
she was probably terrified of him at the moment , and he could n't think of a single thing to say to relax her .
everyone says the same thing every time .
it struck her as such an absurd thing to say that she snort - giggled .
that had been the wrong thing to say to her overprotective brother .
he wanted to tell her the same thing back , but that would be just too cruel .
that struck her as an odd thing to say .
` ` i wo n't say a thing , '' elise promised .
` ` i can see the spooky squad vans in front of your house , and i 'd like to say just one thing .
one thing i have to give to greg - he cleans up well .
` ` what a cruel thing to say , shannon ! ''
her words say one thing , but her pleading eyes say , farmington country club wedding .
he does n't need to prove one damn thing to me .
that sounded like a supportive thing to say . ''
` ` you said the same thing when steve dumped me , mom . ''
` ` we were wondering the same thing , '' mom and i say in unison .
not pissing dad off is one thing .
because my brain shuts down in overwhelmed moments like this , i blurt out the first thing that comes to mind : ` ` andrew thinks amanda is hot ? ''
` ` remember that whole idiot thing from earlier today ?
` ` saying one thing , doing another . ''
what was the last thing you said you forgot ?
` ` the universe is not telling me a damn thing except to stay away from smarm - fests like that lawyer and ... and ... '' he grinned .
` ` you 're so good with words , with saying exactly the right thing , with ... pretend . ''
or had carrie made the whole thing up ?
one look at liza , and he knew she was thinking the same thing .
the compliment , even in the face of the other sweet things he was saying , squeezed a band around her chest .
of course , she said the only thing she could .
kent was used to having one thing from the women he dated .
` ` i wanted you to know in case you saw it and thought the wrong thing , '' he said .
her words had to be the hottest thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` that 's a sexist thing to say . ''
he 'd had a lot of time to think on that flight , and one thing he 'd settled on for certain - he did n't want to be a bicoastal dad .
` ` somehow you knew just the right thing to say and i could tell you meant every word . ''
and apparently ethan had remembered exactly the same thing .
kelly rested in ethan 's arms , her world hazy until she could only be certain of one thing .
ethan called over the car , ` ` the banana thing was funny , you have to admit . ''
she kissed his neck and waited for him to talk , a better option than to risk saying the wrong thing .
so often she 'd seen him in a suit at aries and thought the same thing , never realizing the true ethan preferred ragged jeans to designer clothes .
he just hoped he 'd made a good start in persuading mari of the same thing .
had n't she thought just the same thing earlier ?
how perfect since she 'd thought the same thing herself not too long ago .
the bitter truth of the whole achilles ' heel notion stung like hell since he 'd told his buddy troy much the same thing when the guy had fallen head over ass in love .
jayne had once thought the same thing about herself and conrad .
` ` another thing i did n't know about you . ''
but one thing was crystal clear .
his grip tightened on the wheel as he thought of another time she 'd said much the same thing .
` ` my aunt said the same thing about the bonus of friends becoming ... more . ''
` ` this is n't the sort of thing prince charming says to cinderella at the ball . ''
the whole ` ` friends with benefits '' thing was easier said than done .
` ` that 's not a very nice thing to say , '' he said tightly .
she offered up the first thing that popped to mind .
although to all outward appearances , the mcclellans of louisville , kentucky , certainly seemed to have it all - wealth , prominence , education , fame , you name it - mama would have had a thing or two to say about the actual quality of life in the mcclellan household .
there was one thing her father said , however , that kit could n't deny .
oh , now that was an interesting development , seeing as she 'd been thinking the same thing about herself .
no , when she opened her mouth again , the oddest thing came out .
you 're naked - that 's one thing .
in spite of that , he found himself saying , ` ` because the last thing sherry told me when she walked out the door was that i could n't cut it , that 's why . ''
pushing aside the realization that she was just thinking the same thing herself , she asked , ` ` what can i do for you ? ''
faith squeezed her eyes shut and covered them with her hands , appalled that she said such a thing out loud .
her embarrassment rose to the fore , and she wondered how many more times she was going to say the wrong thing around this man before she finally learned her lesson .
` ` i 'll tell you one thing , '' she said , her voice still annoyingly happy as she crossed her arms over her abdomen in what looked , for some reason , like a gesture of self - preservation .
kit eyed her thoughtfully for a moment in return before requesting , ` ` just tell me one thing . ''
` ` her mother 's will thing , i mean , '' pendleton clarified , though he was quite confident that no clarification was necessary .
` ` you know , sonny , i was just thinkin ' that exact same thing .
the only thing they 'd agreed on was that they 'd made a colossal mistake that was never to be mentioned again .
she could n't be thinking about the same thing he was .
there was n't a single thing in her vitals to dissuade him from agreeing with caroline .
he 'd said the same thing at the matchmaker 's , she recalled .
but on the heels of that thought came another : or maybe peyton will laugh and say the same things you heard every day at prewitt , about looking like you live in a box under a bridge , and stealing extra fruit from the lunch line - do n't think we have n't seen you do it , ava - and not being fit to clean the houses of your classmates because no one wants their house smelling the way you smell , and maybe you do n't live in box under a bridge , after all , maybe you live in a dumpster .
she said the same thing she always said in response .
` ` i think that 's the single most revolting thing anyone 's ever said to me .
and when he did , the oddest thing came out instead .
` ` lauren grable - monroe is no such thing .
nevertheless , adam could n't think of a single thing to add .
aside from that creme de menthe thing i ' ve heard mentioned so frequently ?
it was the last thing dorsey had expected to hear from him .
which was good , because nobody else was saying a damned thing .
and the ` ` mr . conaway '' thing was just too nauseating for words .
she would n't have thought such a thing was possible , but here in his home , adam darien was even more self - assured than she 'd ever seen him , and somehow that made him sexier than he 'd ever been before .
` ` i told mack that very thing myself when we arrived .
the only thing she did n't tell her mother was how very terrified she was of the impending fallout , nor did she describe the depths of her despair where losing adam was concerned .
and that was the last thing either of them needed to say .
to think that she might need a reminder of such a thing .
startled by the discovery that he was , in fact , a cold - hearted son of a bitch , the only thing she could manage by way of a reply was , ` ` you bastard .
` ` i miss you when you 're not at ashling , '' she said , wondering why she should confess such a thing .
then she wondered if such a thing would be a misinterpretation at all .
she asked , shocked to her very core that he would be capable of believing such a thing about her .
but as they 'd sat in a deli near the school while claudio parked the car two blocks away , as they 'd shared a dinner of cheesesteaks and french fries and draft beer , schuyler had found himself unwilling to put voice to such a thing .
` ` but it would n't mean the same thing for you as it would for me , '' she told him .
` ` who says it would n't mean the same thing for me ? ''
` ` i was afraid that you would n't come , '' he said , not sure when he 'd decided to reveal such a thing .
even now , a year after violet had signed the contract on the completed manuscript and a few weeks after the book 's debut , gracie still asked things like , ` ` does the princess suite at the chicago ambassador hotel really make you feel like a princess when you 're lying on the bed staring up at the castle mural on the ceiling ? ''
gavin debated briefly whether or not he should call both women to reassure desiree that her health could n't have possibly been compromised - well , not her physical health anyway - because he 'd always practiced safe sex , and , oh , yeah , he 'd never been with a prostitute , and to tell marta that the thing she 'd said about his family jewels had really been uncalled for .
no , had she shown up in something of her own , the only thing she would have convinced him of was that she was struggling , period .
i assumed you knew that , since it 's the same thing you wrote about ethan . ''
he had no idea what made him say the thing he said next .
maybe she was n't from the blue blood , gold coast society he moved in now , but it was obvious she did n't know the first thing about the sort of place he 'd come from .
so he 'd invited her to dinner here , thinking ... well , okay , thinking pretty much the same thing he thought when they were at the estate .
forget about ... that other thing i said .
there was one thing left to say .
i ' ve always kind of thought the same thing .
that 's usually the first thing they tell beautiful young socialites .
she turned her fists first one way , then the other , then began to move them up and down along the length of the railing , the way she would touch a man's- marcus stroked her again , and somehow , she knew he was watching the movement of her hands and thinking the same thing she was thinking .
not that marcus could vouch for such a thing .
the last thing he wanted to hear her say was that she 'd grown up in a slum , had no formal education , had clawed and fought to win every scrap she ever had , and had taught herself everything she knew by emulating others .
unfortunately , fruits de mer was about the only thing she could say in french , and only because she 'd practiced it for her menu lesson .
she told herself the same thing in a dozen different ways , every time she clicked on a new photograph .
he reminded himself of a lot of things as he stood at the window looking at the place where kendall was n't .
then again , there were those who would say the same thing about matthias .
an executive position , '' she added confidently , even though she was confident of no such thing .
he gaped at her , shocked that she could think such a thing of him .
he 'd told more than one besotted sailor the same thing in innumerable ports of call , and yet he still could n't regret placing his money on the table .
he opened his eyes and looked at her , coral smythe , this mysterious woman he seemed to know so well now , and asked the only thing he could .
whether he 'd started the flames or was just fanning them , she had a thing or two to tell him .
it seemed like such an insignificant thing to say when her heart felt full to bursting with momentous news : i love you .
` ` as i was saying , there 's one major thing i have n't understood about you . ''
let 's just say i know one thing and that is that you and quentin have more chemistry than i ' ve seen since high school . ''
shed wondered the same thing for a time .
still , it was the last thing he 'd been expecting from tiffany , so for a second he remained immobile .
` ` megan said nearly the same thing when i talked to her .
` ` same thing goes . ''
` ` i ' ve wondered the same thing , '' ryan admitted .
` ` he has n't said a thing . ''
she was grateful for her mother 's invitation , but she had one more thing to say to her father .
and from his amused expression , she could tell he was thinking the same thing .
jeremy was really sweet and it was nice to look forward to hanging out with a guy without worrying that i would say the wrong thing and piss him off .
it was really nice to be with someone without having to constantly be on my toes , making sure that i did n't say the wrong thing , or be accused of flirting with someone .
` ` the first thing you can do is call me sebastian . ''
the words floated in the air and i said the first thing that came to my mind .
she said no such thing but i did n't want to argue over such a small point .
was he trying to have both of us , telling her the same thing he was telling me ?
one thing i will say is mr . blu is not lacking in female attention .
my heart is telling me one thing and my head is saying something completely different .
the notes were always short but very sweet ; things like , ' you look beautiful today ' or ' ca n't get you off my mind ' .
she stood to leave and before she walked out the door she turned to me , smiled , and quickly said one last thing .
shane was shocked when the words popped out of his mouth , but when he had no desire to take them back , he knew it was the right thing to say , the right time to ask her to be his wife .
and all was the only thing she would accept .
` ` that is the most ridiculous thing i think i ' ve ever heard you say , rafe .
one thing ari and lia would learn was that when he or shane wanted something , nothing would stop them .
lia was horrified that he would say such a thing .
yours always , william ` ` that is the most heartbreaking thing i ' ve ever read , '' ari said as a tear fell down her cheek .
he was sure that was the first thing she 'd deleted from her phone when she 'd walked away from him .
` ` when would i ever have said such a thing ? ''
` ` that is an absolutely terrible thing to say , ian , '' she said with a pout .
looking down at the four different brands of pregnancy tests , she was horrified to discover that they were all saying the exact same thing .
this was the one thing that shane needed to know .
` ` one thing i can guarantee you is that i enjoy your compassion .
as his sisters gasped in outrage and disbelief , rafe knew he 'd said the wrong thing .
why had he felt a need to say such a thing ?
it was n't like his wife had known the first thing about cooking .
if rafe knew one thing , though , it was that plans changed .
that man who 'd had her in his arms had drugged her and planned on doing who knew what with her , before dumping her somewhere where she would n't remember a thing .
searching her mind for the last thing she could remember was painful , but ari tried to summon up her previous night 's memories .
` ` that is a horrible thing to say , rafe , '' rosabella scolded .
` ` that is one great bathroom break , '' was the last thing he heard rachel say as he went straight outside .
she was a mess , and this news was the greatest thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` shut up or none of you are getting in , '' was the last thing rafe heard before the loud music droned out the outside world .
i mean , someone else might be thinking the same thing , but then again , everyone might be thinking everyone else is going to go down there . ''
that was the last thing she 'd been expecting from him .
granted , he was thinking the same thing , but to have those words come from her mouth did n't make him happy at all .
the thing she would n't admit to either man was that she was excited to take her first horseback ride .
` ` that 's the rudest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
if his mama had ever heard him say such a crude thing , of course , she 'd have smacked him in the back of the head .
that was the wrong thing to say . ''
` ` i was just thinking the same thing , colt . ''
we do n't have a single thing , because our relationship , or what i thought was a relationship , was built on lies .
chapter fourteen misty 's stomach was doing handsprings , her emotions were all over the place , and her whole world had been flipped upside down , but one thing was certain : being pressed up against bryson , with his strong hands kneading the taut muscles up and down her back , felt so right .
there are just so many of them , and i do n't know what to say , and i hate saying the same thing over and over again .
i guess that should have been the first thing i asked .
right now , it was the only thing he needed to hear .
he got one thing he wanted from her for each heart she gave him .
` ` tate said the same thing . ''
it was the only thing that did make sense .
gabe had thought the same thing , but it was apparently true .
in fact , she could n't say a thing or she might cry .
and there 's no such thing as too rich in la anyway . ''
` ` can you tell me one thing ? ''
` ` let 's get one thing straight , annie .
from the horrified look on her face he got the feeling he 'd said the wrong thing .
he just wished he knew what was the right thing to say .
he 'd said the wrong thing .
or he 'd said the right thing , but too late .