i have no problem with her performing , but there 's such a thing as going too far .
i nod , then remember one last thing i ' ve forgotten .
this is the last thing i need .
i ' m just going to leave the whole ` ` frigid virgin '' thing alone for now , i decide .
` ` i ' m not really that interested in ' nice ' , is the thing , '' emerson scoffs , picking at a bit of loose paint on the table .
the being - apart thing , i mean . ''
` ` i do n't know the first thing about diplomacy .
that whole ' show me ' thing is just a plot to ... '' she was n't sure how to phrase it since it was probably just a mild flirtation on his part but in her mind , it had been so much more sensuous .
` ` here 's the thing , '' she started off , looking directly at him .
she 'd been immune to that charm and sex appeal and his accent did n't do a thing for her !
she barely ate or drank a thing .
daniel might not have had a thing to do with the break in .
she must know a thing or two about how to handle the man .
` ` it 'll all work out , so do n't worry about a thing . ''
some humans could learn a thing or two from these fluffy balls of fur .
it 's the only thing that makes sense to me , '' autumn said .
have n't you listened to a damn thing i ' ve said in the past three years ?
` ` rose , let me just show you a few things . ''
now when she thought of him she did n't feel a thing .
gunfire rang out from all sides , he could n't see a thing in the dark , two of his friends were hurt and his backup was missing .
sounds like rob and morgan will break ground on their new house at the first sign of spring , anyway , so do n't worry about a thing . ''
` ` i learned the only thing that matters is that you 're safe and happy .
` ` you do n't show that kind of thing to a woman - not one like fila . ''
she learned that jake knew all kinds of things about tending minor wounds and injuries among his cattle .
` ` the only thing i ca n't figure out is why you still eat the food your captors fed you .
` ` and you said i did n't know a thing about business ! ''
` ` that 's the thing , '' mia said and her voice broke .
' but inez is just a little thing , ' i said .
` ` the preparation h thing was pretty weird . ''
it was such a simple thing , but it still warmed her frozen heart slightly .
` ` oh , '' she started to say , instantly feeling guilty for being so grumpy when her sister had only sweet things to say about their planned day together .
` ` well , that 's the thing .
he wo n't know a thing . ''
many people could trace their ancestry to greece , could even claim they believed in family above all things , but when it came down to it , they were much more western than they wanted to think .
since i could n't bring myself to visit him again , the best thing i could do for the time being was remember his advice : ` ` try to focus on the things that feel real , things you can grasp . ''
maybe you had secrets , but this time i will make sure secrets wo n't be the only thing you carry home .
and the only thing you need to know is that jett is n't a cheater . ''
` ` you 're really enjoying this secrecy thing , are n't you ? ''
melanie had loved me from day one , and i could n't give her a damn thing in return .
one thing i noticed right away ... okay , two things .
the first thing , logan smelled really good .
my father did n't notice a damn thing .
he never missed a thing .
i stood by his side and i would n't have changed a thing .
i do n't know a thing about dresses .
and you would n't be able to do a damn thing about it , because tomorrow 's my wedding .
when i 'd gotten home from my twelve - hour shift and my emotional evening , the only thing i 'd wanted was ice cream , pajamas and a sappy romance movie .
apparently , hanging around all those celebrities her entire life had taught her a thing or two .
twenty plus years of friendship with leah have taught me a thing or two .
she did n't say a thing though as she quietly rang up our purchase .
` ` i ' m kidding ... about the will smith thing .
` ` did you learn a thing or two , hotshot ? ''
whatever he was trying to overcome , i only hoped he would share it soon because a female 's mind was a powerful thing .
inquisitive little thing , was n't she ?
humans could learn a thing or two from our four - legged companions .
we 'd ridden the subway , and she had n't said a thing .
i 'd held on to it the entire way home , fearing i 'd lose the last thing i had of her .
` ` forgiveness is a powerful thing , little brother , '' she said .
it was such a small thing but so significant in its symbolism .
the little old woman who lived next door to me had become the closest thing i had to a friend or family member .
` ` i guess it 's because , for a while , she was the closest thing to family i had . ''
liv was a sneaky little thing .
how could we get noah back when i could n't give natalie the one thing she wanted ?
` ` and then there 's that thing about our ages . ''
` ` i was in the shower , '' he said , raking his fingers through his dark brown hair , ` ` so if you knocked i would n't have heard a thing . ''
he did n't know a thing about her .
he had n't even known a thing about her before that day .
i do n't expect a thing from you .
they 'd sent him a pretty little thing with long dark hair pulled back , her heart - shaped face rosy and cheerful .
she was a dainty little thing , dressed in denim work shirt , jeans and heavy work boots .
that thing was inborn talent .
` ` you do n't need to say a thing .
meg did n't know a thing about her private life .
and the greatest thing he had given her was his love .
indie could n't do a thing but hug her back .
but when she looked at them they were so engrossed in the baby it seemed they had n't noticed a thing .
` ` could n't hear a thing .
she 'd been a freshman that year , a shy - looking little thing with soft blonde hair and long - lashed brown eyes that she kept downcast most of the time , it seemed .
that must have been a really soft knock because melanie had n't heard a thing .
and the thing she now found she wanted most was the one thing it seemed he did not have in him to give ... his love .
` ` that 's the really puzzling thing .
she 'd come away from the negotiations with a heck of a lot - his wedding ring and his name - but the key thing she craved was still not hers - a child to call her own .
i did n't do a damn thing to her .
he 'd raised his eyebrows but he had n't said a thing .
she was growing damp ... and he had n't done a thing except stroke her neck and shoulder .
and the sad thing was , they did n't do a damn thing to hide his arousal .
of course , she would think about no such thing , not a gift or even a loan from claire .
she could n't read a thing in reed 's expression .
there are few things in life so sweet .
he could n't see a thing .
the last thing you wanted to hear on a construction site was that there was a problem .
he was at her mercy and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
i did n't see a thing . ''
and although she did n't know one thing about soccer - oh yeah , football - she did n't mind it one bit .
if you wanted a child to eat something the last thing you should tell him was that it was healthy .
` ` that 's the thing , '' bert said , his voice tinged with concern .
anya did n't say a thing and neither did khalil .
` ` but that 's the thing , '' helga said , her eyes confused .
food was the farthest thing from his mind .
first , there was that little thing about quenching their thirst after a long night of dancing .
but now the sad truth was , all her qualifications did n't mean a thing if she did n't find a way to continue conducting her experiments .
and although ridge would never hear it from her lips , the rock looked so like the real thing that it did give her some ideas , naughty ones which would best be kept to herself .
she was pretending to watch but she was n't absorbing a thing .
blake had given him fifteen minutes but ryder was ready in twelve and then , dressed in fresh shirt and trousers but with his denim jacket to shield him from the chilly morning air he descended , not looking forward to the task that lay ahead but not able to do a thing except face his new reality .
` ` i do n't know a thing about sewing , '' he began .
i know you 're not doing a thing .
she could n't see a thing .
` ` that thing about a dairy business or brand or something like that ? ''
the only thing i could see under the desk was mr . king 's erection , begging me to touch it .
it was the most delicious thing she had ever eaten .
i was n't usually into the finer things in life , but good coffee was something i could definitely get used to .
that was the last thing i wanted logan to know .
` ` it 's the one thing i wish people did n't know , '' aiden explained softly .
i had to be the farthest thing from interesting to him .
two years of love and devotion had n't meant a damn thing , so i could n't help but wonder what a sandwich did .
that 's one thing i wo n't miss .
you will be dealing with interesting people all day , and when you come home the only thing i 'll be able to talk about is the dust bunny i chased around the sitting room . ''
and there was n't a thing she could do to stop him .
had n't he learned a damn thing about professional , career - minded women ?
either they were going to make love again or , first thing monday morning , he was going to be seeking medical attention for a perpetual erection .
` ` and to answer your second question , the only thing i expect to get out of our marriage is the satisfaction of knowing that i stopped that from happening . ''
` ` you 're about the sweetest thing i ' ve come across in a long time .
to the outward eye , everything was just as it had always been , no single thing had changed .
` ` the only thing i want from you is to be left alone .
` ` i ' m going to the doctor with you and there is n't a damned thing you can do to stop me . ''
` ` and i would n't know a damned thing about the areas that need improvement . ''
his plan had worked like a charm and arielle did n't suspect a thing .
` ` there 's only one thing i want from you .
` ` i ca n't think of one single thing i need to be scared of . ''
leave it to sophia to not miss out on a single thing .
apparently he did n't know the least thing about it .
from the looks of the documents in front of me they would n't gain a thing , which made their desire to make the merger happen suspect at best .
she put them to sleep and they did n't feel a thing . ''
obviously , who i am as a person does n't mean a thing .
i did n't feel like i missed a single thing .
another thing emily did n't need was to make this trip more expensive .
the only thing she left out was the part about sleeping with the enemy .
` ` parker davis is a thing of the past .
this thing had festered in her mind for too long .
you know there 's such a thing as being too honest .
logically , he could see the sense in it , but the whole protection thing did n't make him feel logical .
` ` not the only thing you ' ve forgotten , i ' m guessing . ''
she felt strong , powerful and incredibly sexy knowing that his eyes were watching her , seeing that she was n't wearing a bra and that he could n't do a thing about it .
the only thing she carried with her was a copy of the will and the still sealed envelope addressed to him .
but he 'd latched onto the one thing she could n't give up , the one thing that might be a balm to her damaged soul .
but how did one answer the silly thing ?
his instructor was just telling him how to calculate an angle which was much more fascinating than whatever this ... thing ... was .
the idea that she was rejecting his money , the one thing he could give her without hesitation , infuriated him .
it was like she 'd just run a marathon and could n't catch her breath and her body was doing things , feeling things that were shocking , throbbing in areas she did n't really think should throb in those ways .
and if the only thing i wanted from you was your help , i know you would have done that no matter what .
she could go into the big house and curl up in one of the guest rooms and she would n't hear a thing since the house was hermetically sealed and sound proofed .
` ` you really do n't get this independence thing , do you ?
she certainly was a gorgeous little thing , he thought .
` ` i mean , you did n't hear a thing i said during the whole meal and now you want to discuss my car . ''
it was going to be a relatively warm day for early spring , at least one thing she could be happy about , she thought .
but being married was the only thing that made sense as to why she kept so many secrets from him .
the only thing holding the military together is my father 's authority .
she really was a prickly little thing .
the only thing that got her moving was the thought that norman finch might come out of the restaurant and see her in her car , shaking .
the first thing she saw was a pair of italian handmade shoes .
have i truly made the right choice , letting them step into a world they do n't know a thing about ?
probably the only thing that was n't shimmering was her heart , which had been crushed to pieces by a no - good -- - no , no , no .
physically , they did n't have a thing in common .
just one small thing from you is a huge thing for us . ''
* * * * ` ` she is such a sweet little thing , staffan , '' his mother elvira gushed an hour after meeting saffi .
these days , she would be lucky if she felt a thing .
i felt like i had been neglecting myself lately - or at least ever since i saw arian flirting with constantijin and him not doing a thing to stop her .
giving him a sheepish smile , i said , ` ` sorry , i was ... '' i bit my lip , not wanting to let him know how near to obsessed i was with every little thing he did .
but constantijin did n't know a thing about it , and marge did n't have to tell me to keep it a secret .
although no one ever did , mostly because he would n't tell anyone that he 'd started noticing a damn thing about melanie ann smith .
melanie really was a pretty little thing .
leah walked around the room , eyes not missing a thing .
` ` you 're not going to find out a damn thing from me . ''
someone to discuss the sweetest mundane things , like picking out paint samples and debating where the next flower bed in their yard should go .
` ` i warned you about the whole answering truthfully thing . ''
it was the only thing zoe 'd ever kept from her best friend .
he did n't remember a damn thing about kissing her .
there were many things he did n't know about rose , but he knew for certain she was a lonely woman raising a child that was n't hers .
she tasted of tea and mint , and of all things rose .
but years later , thanks to the internet 's love of all things viral , it had come back to bite christian , costing him his career and nearly making him give up the one thing he loved the most .
he was the most miserable sod on the face of the planet and could n't do a damn thing about it .
no one had done a thing to help her , not that she wanted their help anyway .
she was the one who claimed they belonged together and i- '' ` ` momma got most things right , '' rose said .
first thing on it : go to england jules : i ' m flattered .
the whole jules thing is a little sketchy .
` ` i would n't call it a warning , more like a be prepared type of thing . ''
jemma leigh confessed she 'd made the whole thing up , but that whenever rose and her husband would go out of town , the letter and key were placed in jemma leigh 's hands just in case .
` ` you almost made me forget about what i ' ve been dying to do to you , with that dirty talking you were doing , sweet thing . ''
they wanted to take her new places and to teach her new things .
her eyes lit up and that dimple in her cheek deepened and she was suddenly the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
` ` does n't mean a thing , '' he insisted , shooting a look at the boys as they lined up to take turns at the cages .
` ` hope you 're right , '' sage muttered , uncomfortable seeing marlene in pain and knowing there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
sage was n't expecting a damn thing for himself .
did n't need to worry about a damn thing but getting where he needed to be .
of course , after meeting matt , none of those men had meant a damn thing .
the muzak pumping through the speakers was a simply hideous orchestral rendition of ` ` stairway to heaven '' and did n't do a thing to calm her down .
she paused , watched his reaction and did n't see a thing that made her feel any better , so she continued .
what would happen would happen and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it now .
` ` blast it , decisions had to be made , and though i 'd told margie what i wanted , she did n't have the authority to make the doctors do a damn thing .
not that the long ride had done a thing for his sanity .
would n't it be easier if no one knew a thing until she 'd gone ?
` ` margie , gretchen does n't mean a thing to me , '' he started .
why was he being so intense about the whole kyle thing ?
the first thing i noticed was black .
the second thing i noticed was his equipment .
toby 's the closest thing i have for a brother and it pains me to see him stressed out about his father 's failings .
i looked through the windows and studied the beautiful landscape but i could n't see a thing .
the ocean was so dark , i could n't see a thing .
blake is the closest thing i have to a son after i lost my own sweet boy .
twenty - nine sienna the first thing i registered was the throbbing pain from something being pulled out of my skin .
wishful thinking was a thing i loathed more than anything .
little had i known that about two years later , the life i had once planned for would merely be a thing of the past .
one other thing that my parents were after - my mother most especially - was the inheritance i was going to get when my aunt passed away .
the first thing i heard was the heavy whooshing sound of a loud heartbeat .
she had never uttered a damn , bloody thing about basically anything about my life , my family or much of anything unless it involved her or lucy .
` ` there 's nothing i want - not a fucking damn thing ! ''
again , i had n't thought a thing , not even close to these things , yet the lies were limitless .
she was the most precious thing to me , and i would do anything to keep her safe and smiling .
` ` not a thing . ''
she did n't have to say a thing .
` ` a great man can not achieve success until he knows the one thing he can not overcome . ''
inhaling a shuddering breath , she said , ` ` the pilot- '' ` ` ca n't see a damn thing . ''
` ` i ' m going to take my time , and there 's not a damn thing you can do about it . ''
and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
what started off as an annoying thing to beef up my resume eventually became an activity i looked forward to each week .
that was one thing jessica could n't ever understand .
there was a safe in the closet , a desk , several chairs , but for me the greatest thing was the patio , which overlooked the tiny village and the sea .
margo 's promise to blackball her on the l.a . circuit had n't done a thing to temper that fear .
and camille knew a thing or two about abandonment .
but julian de laurent had taught her a thing or two .
at this point , the only thing he 'd gotten out of the conversation was a few groans and a headshake or two on dean 's part .
this whole marriage thing sounded a lot better when they were talking about it the other day .
he asked , as if it was the nuttiest thing he 'd ever heard .
maybe this would be the thing that urged nick to get off his butt and stop this girl from leaving .
' there 's no such thing as privacy anywhere near my family , jake , ' she warned ruefully .
her so - called love was just some mushy thing that had no reality attached to it .
what she had once felt with tony - being in love - had been such a fluffy , insubstantial thing compared to the depth of her love for max .
the only thing that did n't melt was her heart .
being in business was the only thing they had in common , and when they went to those meetings they were usually polite to each other , prompted , no doubt , by the long - term friendship between josh and lucy , which also occasionally led to the swapping of family news .
sparks and spice and all things nice . ''
` ` there 's only one thing you need to understand , erin . ''
anya 's sexual expertise was a tame thing compared to the powerhouse of passion he 'd found in this woman .
dante waited , his mind racing in search of the one thing his grandfather wanted to know - the one thing that was more important to him than all of lucia 's vitriolic accusations .
the next thing she was whoozily aware of was being carried .
it 's the spirit of the thing . '
do n't leave a single thing out . '
' he 's the closest thing i have to a brother . '
she wo n't remember a thing in the morning . '
and there is not a damn thing i can do about it .
the next thing i find in the box is even more surprising .
even knowing what i know about her does n't change a thing .
wordlessly , she turns away from me and bends from the waist , so her ass is pushed out and her skirt rides up to where her smooth thighs indent and i glimpse the other thing i had specified - a freshly waxed pu**y .
was this the thing that has everybody hot under the collar ?
` ` not a thing , '' he said and started for the bedroom door and the stairs beyond .
you do n't have to do a thing . ''
` ` well now , that 's the thing , is n't it , jules ? ''
` ` do n't remember a thing . ''
` ` you do n't know a thing about what happened between me and julie . ''
i told you , marian does n't mean a thing to me . ''
` ` not a thing , '' bella said , forcing a smile .
everything he 'd done to try to impress her had n't meant a thing .
but she could n't do a thing about it until her customers were gone .
but admitting what he was feeling still would n't change a thing .
he had n't been able to give her the one thing she 'd really wanted from him .
because then his love would n't mean a thing .
and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it .
` ` i ' ve not promised you a thing , have i ? ''
it would n't help a thing to just hammer back at her .
was n't it a lovely thing ?
how was she to argue or stand up against a man who surprised her , not with diamonds or fancy clothes , but with the one thing he knew she not only wanted , but needed ?
` ` maybe if you found a way to work with them ... '' ` ` the only thing people understand is money and power , '' he told her flatly , crossing his arms over his broad chest again .
but the breeze did n't do a thing toward damping the fires he 'd stirred inside her .
` ` not a thing , mike , '' she said honestly .
` ` calling the damn sheriff , threatening lawsuits every day when you called me incensed over a christmas tree farm of all things .
but the only thing he knows about katie charles is that he favors her macadamia - nut - white - chocolate - chip cookies .
` ` does n't mean a thing , '' she told him .
none of it had meant a thing .
she sighed and so did n't hear a thing when joe entered the patio kitchen .
though she had tried to find out from dave what had gone wrong in their friendship , her brother had n't told her a thing .
maybe it was because growing up , he 'd never heard his own mother laugh at a damn thing .
damn it , did n't she feel a thing ?
but her blond hair and brown eyes had n't done a thing for him since he had been too preoccupied with thoughts of melinda stanford .
except for the whole marriage thing .
so sean knew the whole love and happily ever after thing was a crock told to fools to give them something to cling to on lonely nights .
he saw it in her eyes because she did n't hide a thing .
not that she was afraid of him in any way , but the sense of tightly reined authority bristling off him said clearly that he was in charge and no one with him had to worry about a thing .
knowing that did n't change a damn thing , though .
duty is the first thing i was taught .
she loved a man determined to not love her back , and there did n't seem to be a thing she could do to change it .
and work was the one thing nicole completely understood .
not without going to see them , and that would n't have helped a damn thing .
but she still had the choice to either accept this coming month as he 'd described it - a punishment - or to look at it as one last thing she could share with rico .
teresa 's worry was that her father was n't getting any younger and perhaps his skills were n't as good as they had been once - though she would never suggest such a thing to him in person .
` ` robert came to see me , '' he said lightly , as if it did n't mean a thing .
` ` that 's the first thing you ' ve gotten right , '' he promised , feeling a twinge of sympathy mixed with concern when he watched her trying to move through pain that was clearly bothering her more than she wanted to admit .
had n't heard a thing .
` ` you all have and it does n't change a thing .
honestly , penny , pride 's a great thing .
she wished things were different , but wishing was n't going to change a thing .
the whole obligation thing .
and , he had to admit , she might look like a flighty little thing , but she sure as hell was n't afraid to work .
had n't whined about a damn thing , and jericho had to admit he admired her for it .
` ` did n't feel a thing . ''
he stopped within an arm 's length of her , but instead of reaching for her he said quietly , ` ` for one thing , i want you to loosen your grip on that gown you 're wearing before you strangle yourself .
` ` i see , '' jenny said , thinking madly of how her father would handle such a thing .
therese was a pretty thing , sweet as lemonade , but she had no hidden depths to interest a man .
having once been the object of scorn and ridicule in this neighborhood , whitney had no desire to bring censure down on herself over such a trifling thing as a game of chess .
` ` this is the silliest thing i ' ve ever heard .
but if it frightens you or makes you ashamed , then our love must be a timid thing , a thing of shame . ''
but if it frightens you or makes you ashamed , then our love must be a timid thing , a thing of shame . ''
no one would think a thing about her becoming pregnant now .
instead of ruffles , she was wearing a sensible , but unattractive , brown cloak , and his first thought as he held out his hand to shake hers was that burleton must have been either mad or blind to describe her as ` ` quite a pretty little thing . ''
it was incongruous , but at that moment , when she knew not who she was or where she 'd been or how she came to be here , the only thing she did seem to know for certain was that one must always apologize for causing unhappiness to another .
she turned away from the window and wandered over to her desk , idly turning the pages of the morning newspaper , trying to distract herself from another truth : she had not learned one thing today , or any other day , that would indicate he had any feelings for her at all .
in fact , the best thing you can hope to receive from stephen is opposition .
` ` he does n't do a thing for me . ''
` ` well , for one thing , they 're embarrassed about the way jonathan acted .
she told herself he was writing about these things not because he was losing interest in her , but because he wanted to keep her own interest piqued in the country she 'd be visiting .
` ` tell jerry i can see him first thing monday morning . ''
` ` not quite - there 's one more thing i want from you .
reaching up , meredith took out a bottle of aspirin and the thermometer , which were the only things she was actually familiar with , then she selected a bottle with an oily orange label : merthiolate .
` ` that is the most absurd , the most outrageous thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
dominic sandini was a world - class petty thief ; he did n't have one single thing in common with zack , and zack had done absolutely nothing to earn sandini 's respect or his loyalty .
instead , she said the first thing that came to mind to distract him : ` ` i already know a lot of things about your youth , because my older brothers were avid fans of yours back then . ''
i do n't think she 's hiding a thing . ''
he wo n't feel a thing .
` ` it does n't mean a damn thing , except she 's trying to hide from her memories . ''
since mitchell 's last name was also wyatt , there was a chance kate would ask him if he was related to those wyatts , and the last thing he wanted to do was admit to that relationship , let alone discuss what it actually was .
at the end of ten minutes , the only significant thing kate had learned about him was that he excelled at the art of entertaining small talk .
the only thing he wanted to share was an hour or so in bed , and his only interest in her was as a convenient sex partner .
mitchell bent his head and whispered against her cheek , told him to get his own girl because i was n't going to share mine with him '' ; then he straightened , and continued walking as if having his lips on her cheek had been the farthest thing from his mind .
'll make room- '' first thing you need is a fabulous gown , which calls for a trip to bancroft 's . ''
dorothy was a pretty thing , a charming , demure young lady who turned all the local boys ' heads .
` ` well , for one thing , if members of the ton believe victoria is already betrothed to you , they wo n't watch her so closely .
for one thing , it does n't make the least bit of sense . ''
` ` what makes you think a thing like that ? ''
her speech is as cultured as yours or mine , and despite that morbid house of hers , she 's a cheerful little thing . ''
and that dreadful coachman would n't tell me a thing about what was wrong with you , although i pleaded with him to do so .
hawk had me on the carpet in his library at the uncivilized hour of eight o'clock this morning , and that was the first thing he wanted to know . ''
the only thing he wanted , needed to know , was the one question he could n't possibly ask her - and that was who had shared her bed and her body while he was gone .
halfway through his astounding recitation , alexandra half rose from her chair and cried in an accusing whisper , ` ` you told him all those things about me ?
and now she was mentally going over every word ian thornton had spoken , examining it for truth , weighing each thing he 'd said to that socially inept man who 'd mistaken her for a menial .
` ` the only thing i know how to cook is fish - exactly the way we just ate it . ''
it 's the most amazing thing , but bentner - our butler - says i have a genius for it . ''
` ` there 's just one more thing to show you , '' she said several minutes later when he 'd extracted her from the tree limbs and they were heading toward the house .
he said in a strained voice , glancing a little wildly at their avidly curious audience and resisting the impossible impulse to take her out onto the balcony , ` ` why in god 's name would you say a thing like that to me when we 're in the middle of a damned dance floor in a crowded ballroom ? ''
` ` the last thing i want from you is ? awe , ' '' he said tightly , and elizabeth belatedly realized that , while he did n't care what anyone else thought of him , her reaction to all this was obviously terribly important to him .
` ` there 's just one thing more , '' he finished , studying her pale face and strained features .
there was one other thing ian knew , but he was n't yet ready to reveal it unless he absolutely had to , and it was the sole reason he was desperately trying to keep her disappearance a secret .
` ` not a thing , miz roberts .
i told myself this place was just an ostentatious pile of rocks , a symbol of all the things i 'd grown to resent about being born to privilege .
` ` the only thing i know is senator warren sherbrooke and my mother were involved thirty - two years ago . ''
she never said a thing to me . ''
in fact his agreement with phillips had been the farthest thing from his mind when he asked her to the game that night .
yes , he 'd agreed to keep an eye on callie but when they they were together his agreement with phillips was the farthest thing from his mind .
` ` we talked recently and she did n't mention a thing to me then .
the only thing that remained was the antique grandfather clock that trent 's mom had given his father on their last wedding anniversary before her death .
` ` but i have another idea that trumps the entire thing . ''
but if it 's that important i wo n't say a thing . ''
` ` so , he 's been sitting out there all day and has n't eaten a thing .
at dinner , i talked for ten minutes about the grafting and he did n't listen to a damn thing i said .
what he tried to do to you is blackmail , which is illegal , so do n't you worry about a thing .
whose mum does that kind of thing ?
margaret is my mother - in - law now and the closest thing i have to a mom , so i can be honest with her about what i ' m feeling .
i could stand to learn a thing or two from her .
not a thing . ''
i do n't think it would hurt a thing to play catch - up while we 're waiting .
i did n't find a thing cute about it .
there 's not one damn thing that 's funny about blake getting away with what he did to my wife , and that 's why i ' m going to rectify the situation . ''
i love looking at your pregnant body and the only thing i see is beauty when i look at you . ''
` ` it seems your memory deficit is the only thing that 's extensive here , cybele . ''
` ` just trying to figure out why i ' m almost relieved i do n't remember a thing .
even with her lids still swollen and her face bruised and pallid , she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
` ` you really do n't remember a thing about him , do you ? ''
but there was one thing mel needed even more now .
one thing remained the same .
but he 'd just turned off , as if he 'd never felt a thing , not even on a physical level .
the next thing she noticed was that scent .
because she was matching his material offers with the one thing she owned , could give , herself ?
so there was such a thing as torture by stimulation .
the first thing resembling a smile attempted to melt the cruelty of his masterfully sculpted lips .
` ` neither i nor alex will ever need a thing from you .
` ` there is one more thing i can offer , '' he groaned .
and she had n't felt a thing .
he barely said a thing . ''
the first thing that popped up was a message from my cell phone provider informing me i had reached my data limit for the month .
it was hilariously lop - sided , but thankfully one - year olds do n't notice that kind of thing . ''
i thought it would be a good class to take to get some social science credits , but the only thing i was taking this semester that i was passionate about was my drawing class .
you know , the one where she has that unibrow thing going on ? ''
the only thing i ever cared about was slipping through my fingers .
` ` the whole thing does n't make any sense . ''
is n't he the sweetest thing ? ''
i added the massage thing since i went to school for that and i ' ve been here for a couple years . ''
it felt right , like the first thing in years that made sense in my chaotic life .
moments later , i heard the soft click of a door closing behind me , then felt the velvety cloth slip away from my eyes ... ... and realized that even with the blindfold off , i could n't see a thing .
` ` do n't worry , '' jax said , ` ` i know a thing or two about horses . ''
` ` i ... one thing i do n't get , '' i said , breaking the silence .
it was that last thing that kept me in a daze .
the only thing we really have between us is sex .
and she 'd tell him first thing when she saw him .
` ` see , here 's the thing .
one day i ' m going to put you in handcuffs so i can spend all the time i want on those tits and you wo n't be able to do a damn thing about it except moan and come . ''
i will bend over backwards to give you everything you need and want , but this is the one thing i have to have in return .
` ` i could say the same thing about you - spying on me , digging into my history before you 'd even met me - maybe i think those are n't your things to know .
though hudson pushed and pried and drove me crazy , he was the nearest thing to clarity i knew .
such a strange thing to try to comprehend .
i could say the same thing about you - spying on me , digging into my history before you 'd even met me - maybe i think those are n't your things to know .
` ` but here 's the thing , '' she says .
the one thing he ca n't answer , though , is the one thing i want to know most : is there any chance alayna can ever forgive me ?
if i had the chance to rewrite it all , i do n't think i would change a thing .
' anton , has learning about your real father meant a thing to you ?
' sad little thing , ' he murmured , and stroked a gentle finger across an unhappy cheek .
thank you , sweet thing . ''
this is the only thing from their marriage that 's all hers .
really , the only thing they do n't teach you there is law .
perhaps the oddest thing we shared was a mutual enjoyment of watching pbs in bed .
` ` well , maybe your cousin could teach you a thing or two about how to find a boyfriend old enough to have finished college .
then we ran into that sweet young thing , vixen from the third floor .
another thing we learned that evening was that diapers rip very easily .
i was an open - minded person , and so that kind of thing had never really bothered me .
the only thing i remember about her is how annoying she was . ''
judge epstein , who made judge judy look like a sweet and docile young thing , stalked out onto the bench .
she did n't mention a thing about it . ''
the only thing that worried me were the horrific memories of what had happened there .
` ` that 's one thing i ' m grateful for .
` ` that 's the thing , i do n't know , '' i answered quickly , trying to explain the situation .
the bathroom was serviceable if a bit cramped but the kitchen was a thing of beauty with stainless steel appliances and plenty of counter space .
i would n't know , since you wo n't tell me a damn thing about you , '' ian spoke .
` ` i do n't know a thing about him .
` ` the only thing i know is i want to have sex with you , and i do n't want to wear a f**king condom .
i did n't remember a thing about last night after i blew out my candles .
the only thing i saw was hatred for my father .
` ` i ' m looking forward to it , mr . braxton , because i plan on showing you the same thing . ''
i was shocked he would even ask such a thing .
we both knew i was going to eat the whole thing anyway .
i watched for some sign of what he was thinking as he walked silently to me , but his face was n't giving away a thing .
but self - deception had n't done a thing to stop her anguish from mounting .
but it would n't change a thing .
she pretended she did n't know my father - dio , she blinded me so completely i never suspected a thing .
it seemed that four years in the states and graduating at the top of her class from harvard business school had n't done a thing to improve her ability to handle public appearances .
` ` my studies and degrees also revealed another thing , signore selvaggio .
but one thing made her so grateful to him , so proud of him , she sometimes could n't breathe , thinking of it .
i wanted to paint , and the only thing i wanted to paint was the jewels .
` ` first thing you have to learn about me so we can move on is that i am insult - proof .
the next thing i remember was waking up in that hole in the desert .
even if it had been as bone - chilling as it had been during their trek , harres would n't have felt a thing .
` ` great to know aversion is no longer a thing you swallow . ''
` ` it 's what i always felt and saying it out loud does n't change a thing . ''
and she 'd never know a thing .
` ` i was just analyzing the only thing you might think i have to offer in return for your generous amnesty . ''
` ` he says mohab said he does n't know the first thing about dealing with the executive realities of running a kingdom , especially one that is growing and changing as much and as fast as jareer .
i have n't eaten a thing since yesterday , dreading this confrontation . ''
he would n't miss a thing now .
` ` god , it is the real thing , is n't it ? ''
but she had n't been hiding a thing .
you have this infuriating thing against a helping hand from a friend . ''
and this ` ` degradation '' thing .
while it never meant a thing to me , that so - called gulf that existed between us on a social level , with the new discoveries of your true lineage , it no longer exists . ''
she would n't have suspected a thing even had she known the baby was n't patrick 's .
so his mother had managed to spoil another vital thing to him .
* * * ` ` i ' ve discovered one thing you 're not superlative at ! ''
even if i believed your wild claim , my alleged perfection is a thing of the past , from before i was almost torn apart and so sloppily put back together .
when he had n't done a thing to seduce her , had done the opposite , trying to ward her away , giving her every reason to back off .
amjad , not missing a thing , continued his inflammatory interrogation .
explaining this kid - sister thing to that monolith you brought home might not work .
nothing would ever mean a thing if she did n't give it freely , breathlessly .
poor piper must have one hell of a guilty conscience , because the only vaguely scandalous thing she 'd told him about in florida was the zimmerman graffiti .
` ` i ca n't see a thing . ''
` ` moroccan rose ... you do n't forget a damn thing , do you ? ''
luis hurried into the bedroom and said , ` ` i just need one more thing . ''
` ` the only thing these guys are interested in is a little harmless flirting and pleasant conversation .
when he pulled down jase 's zipper and slid his hand into jase 's pants to grab his dick , he smiled and said , ` ` sex is the only thing i ' m interested in , jase .
if luis went with dr . barton , luis would n't have to worry about a thing .
now i 'll have to skip dinner and i wo n't be able to eat a thing until tomorrow night .
leck had sent him return first - class tickets for the next day , but luis wanted to get home fast and he did n't want to accept another thing from leck .
` ` it 's not the same thing , '' jase said .
i ' m hoping someday i can find the same thing myself . ''
that was another thing darius could n't understand .
he 's been unconscious since he arrived and he could n't tell us a thing .
the only thing luis could n't understand was matthias 's relationship with beth anne .
but the only thing jase could remember , of all things , was that he came from alaska and that he knew how to shoot a gun .
` ` the whole thing sounds a little creepy to me , '' blaze said .
` ` i can live without seeing that sort of thing . ''
but jase ca n't remember a thing about his life .
as she wrote something on the blackboard , he looked up at matthias and said , ` ` she 's the sweetest little thing i ' ve ever seen .
when i woke up i could n't remember a thing . ''
so he told jase the same thing he told alec : ` ` i ' m open to all kinds of things .
the last thing he wanted to hear about was a complicated study on volume and mass .
all luis wanted to know was how to turn the e - reader on and press a button to buy a book ; just like the only thing he wanted to know about a car was how to start it and drive it .
the only thing a few select people knew about luis in alaska in 1986 was that he 'd graduated high school and left tennessee .
the thing that really blew him away was books .
she 'll never suspect a thing . ''
` ` the only thing that matters is what you believe . ''
if there was one thing luis had learned from his journey back in time it was that the only thing that really mattered was love .
he tries to hide it , and he 's always encouraging , saying just the right thing , but i know he wonders the same thing .
he had never been the recipient of the real thing from her .
he had completely lost control and there had n't been a damn thing he could do about it .
i do n't think there 's any such thing as a good old western anymore .
you did n't grow up as the daughter of kat davis without learning a thing or two .
i do n't know that that means a damn thing , though .
the whole rich , powerful man in charge thing is a real panty - dropper . ''
the one thing she had wanted to give mac from the moment she had started to see him as something more than her brother 's friend .
` ` the only thing i know is that you 're supposed to give them back immediately if they start crying or smelling funny . ''
` ` and the milk thing , '' mac added , ` ` do n't forget that .
the only thing that gave him any comfort was the fact that brant , emma , and declan were there as well as jason , claire , gray , suzy , nick , and beth .
i may not have learned to stay away from him , but i 'd still picked up a thing or two about having a healthier relationship .
in the boardroom and the bedroom , jackson rutledge was going to learn a thing or two about playing with me .
you do nt know a damn thing about me clearly , i know you do nt laugh .
he d been like a madman when he d received nicoles letter because he could nt do a thing to stop her .
` ` well , that 's the thing , sare .
she laughed , and following her gaze over to her desk , i saw that the first and only thing she 'd unpacked so far was a picture of the two of them at the house in france where he 'd proposed to her .
suddenly , a lot of things were falling into place .
every new thing she learned about him flew in the face of all of the terrible things she had assumed about his character .
` ` maybe he likes the whole hired help thing , like the french maid fetish .
` ` that sort of thing , and i mean that very seriously . ''
` ` i ' m sure , '' i whispered , though in that moment , the only thing i was sure of was that life without him was going to be something i did n't want .
` ` i know a thing or two about showmanship .
i did n't have to reveal a thing to her .
it 's just the most haunting thing you ever heard . ''
and the only thing i wanted more than jonathan drazen 's body was an agent at wde .
` ` i entertained every idea of what you 'd think for the year i worked on that f**king thing . ''
and i had n't forgotten the submissive thing .
i could n't feel another thing , hear another thing , not even my own cries as i came , my cunt clenching him over and over .
i could n't feel another thing , hear another thing , not even my own cries as i came , my cunt clenching him over and over .
i was looking right at him , but i could n't see a thing past my own pleasure or hear him over my own screams .
i turned up the heat on the water , cleaning between my legs as if that was going to do a damn thing .
then , i thought of carlos 's blacked - out page from the institution , the ex - wife he may still love , the woman in san francisco , and of course , the submissive thing .
my father , who ran the entire olive trade in napoli , never told my mother a thing about how he got his money .
obviously , or that whole clarice thing would n't have gotten past me . ''
she was a skinny thing , the donna , but she was formidable , ruthless , and protected .
` ` no , actually , not a damn thing . ''
knowledge is the only thing about alec i can ever possess .
she honestly had n't thought a thing of it when she saw me , except that i looked nice .
when i do return , the first thing i ' m going to have to contend with is an interrogation by myriam , who is obviously aware that something 's up .
i do n't remember a thing about it .
i was too , before daisy got herself in trouble ; after that i made it a point to learn a few things .
being a werewolf is the only thing that man holds sacred .
considering she was on the verge of coming just from the sound of his voice , she figured she may as well go for the whole damn thing .
not when even the previous two times he 'd taken her had n't done a damn thing to slake that desire .
good thing there 's nothing i 'd rather do than teach my sweet little schoolteacher all the things she does n't know . ''
cole knew he had n't done a damn thing in his life to deserve a good , sweet woman like anna -- especially with the bonus that she 'd turned out to be a wildcat in bed .
forcing herself to concentrate on his words , she remembered that he did this sort of thing all the time .
she could n't find a single thing wrong with him .
it would n't do for jp to think she was taking sides , but he could learn a thing or two from dominic .
she knew the difference between a print and an original canvas , and ty 's paintings were the real thing .
because you ' ve never shared one single thing with me . ''
you owe me this one small thing .
but now that she was sitting so close that he could reach out and pull her onto his lap , he realized he had n't forgotten one damn thing about her .
freaking out would n't help a thing .
even if it did n't mean a damn thing in the grand scheme of things .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about me .
she 'd been through hell with her brother , and still she did n't know a damn thing about dealing with it .
she 'd just offered him the one thing he 'd wanted most - and had n't expected : the chance to get back to his crew , to keep his men safe , and to make sure they put the fire out in the most expedient way possible , before it struck down anyone else .
she could n't afford to miss a thing .
which meant she did n't have a single thing to complain about .
too late , she realized that the only thing between her and the headlights was a wall of rock .
he wanted to use the doctor as a punching bag , to scream that she did n't know a damn thing about him , about the hole in his chest that was growing bigger by the second .
not planning to admit a damn thing to his friend , he simply said , ` ` i did what i had to do . ''
none of the other seventeen hotshots knew a damn thing about her , other than the fact that she was a gorgeous woman they sometimes drooled over when they were flipping through the channels .
had n't he learned a damn thing ten years ago ?
and when i pushed you on it , when i said there was no way anyone could be okay with the things you 'd seen , you would n't tell me a damn thing about how you were feeling .
but even though some of the things she 'd said made sense , even though it did n't take a genius to see that he had n't exactly behaved like a hero when he was a clueless twenty - year - old kid , he was n't ready to concede a damn thing .
had told himself that talking about it would n't help a damn thing .
he 'd told her it was the closest thing to getting a degreein boat building and when she 'd flipped through his books and saw all the strange equations and graphs , she 'd beenso impressed .
and that 's just because she does n't know a damn thing about you . ''
but you have n't heard a goddamned thing i ' ve said , have you ? ''
to beg her to keep giving herself to him , even if he did n't have a damn thing to give her back .
but it had n't done a damn thing to clear his head .
never knew one damned thing about you .
he drew her against him , and his mouth was nearly on hers when he amended that to , ` ` actually , there is one more thing i want . ''
` ` do n't worry , sweet thing , i 'll let you get better first . ''
i sat down and leafed through the folder eagerly , pretending that it was the most interesting thing i had seen in years .
the coffee table painstakingly dusted with an artful arrangement of candles and shells , of all things .
it makes them forget all the reasons they should n't be with someone , until only one thing is left - why they should be with them .
did n't know a single thing except that he was here - and he was n't going anywhere .
he wo n't hear a thing .
` ` you do n't know a damn thing . ''
he could n't see a single thing except blackness and pulsing starbursts .
he just looked at me , like i 'd taken the most important thing in the world from him . ''
he did n't know a damned thing about her anymore .
she 's a tiny little thing , but i know she can take me .
he 's dead boring , tammy , and he does n't know a damn thing about racing , or any sports for that matter .
but what he remembered from seeing her in victory lane with pete on tv , and from early days hanging out by the haulers when elec had been a teenager and she 'd been a young bride , was that she had been a shy , fresh - faced little thing , her hair always scraped back in a ponytail , her favorite outfit jeans and a polo shirt .
she did n't regret a damn thing .
tamara did n't know a damn thing about modeling or posing , but she figured good posture always helped , and when she dug her hands into her hair to pull it back off her face , she was rewarded with a curse from elec .
she was a logical little thing and did n't seem prone to emotional outbursts .
` ` i thought i might learn a thing or two . ''
even though she was deadweight , she was still a tiny little thing , and it was n't difficult for him to haul her up the length of him .
` ` it 's not the same thing at all , '' she said , though she honestly could n't say why not .
she was definitely trying , despite not really knowing a damn thing about camping , and he really appreciated it .
he was going to sleep , and he was not going to do a damn thing about his prize boner , no matter how much it was demanding attention .
six years and she had n't learned a goddamn thing .
` ` you look like you know a thing or two yourself .
do n't look a thing like your daddy .
` ` that is not the same thing , '' eve said indignantly .
it was a weird thing to ask , but hell , shawn was curious .
as he fell onto the bed next to her and pulled her into his arms , their bodies warm and sticky , her fingertips fluttering over his chest , he was inclined to believe there was such a thing as destiny .
i said shawn did n't do shit like this , and i said the whole prenup thing was a red flag . ''
she knew he was thinking about the whole sex - as - charity thing .
we need to be grateful to her for giving us life , but beyond that , we do n't owe her a damn thing . ''
` ` i guess horny hayworth knows a thing or two about crazy . ''
knowing that he was watching her did n't change a thing .
magnus 's compulsions were n't known to work slowly , and after a full twenty - four hours had passed , he 'd begun to wonder if the thing had really taken root .
` ` so that no mortgage thing is n't strange . ''
` ` there is n't a thing that would convince me to tell the concierge . ''
funny how the thing that probably would have scared me then is very thing that makes me so attracted to him right now .
we 're the first thing i see .
you 're going to have to elaborate a little more than ' the other thing . ' ''
it 's not the kind of thing that makes you bounce out of bed excitedly on a morning .
the only thing this ca n't solve is my annoyance .
it comes from deep in your heart , the very thing you share with that other person .
and i did n't do a thing to protect any of us .
` ` i hope that 's the only thing you think that bastard and i have in common . ''
that i was n't worth a damned thing , and those feelings came flooding back .
he could n't see a damned thing about this woman 's cle**age , and yet he could n't tear his gaze away .
not that he could do a damned thing but sit and watch .
when stark relief etched his handsome face , i knew i 'd pleased him , and a corresponding sense of peace settled inside of me , making me wonder - what was this unspoken thing between us ?
another thing i was n't used to .
` ` i ' m assuming that when daltry turned on the charm , you believed you 'd found the one thing you were missing .
he 's more open and ... vulnerable , not that he 'd admit such a thing .
this was an affair - meant to be fun , not serious , and meeting family first thing the morning after was serious .
and nobody had known a thing .
she had n't hidden a damn thing from him now .
zoe supplied the officer with all the pertinent info rmation and after they spoke with aunt dee and uncle john , who had n't seen or heard a thing , they took off .
now tell me what you heard and saw and do n't leave out a thing . ''
she was too happy to have heard a thing .
he felt as though those memories were some kind of punishment , though he had n't done a damn thing wrong except be related to sam .
like i keep telling you , technology is a beautiful thing ! ''
but there was n't a damn thing he could do to prevent her from leaving .
nick did n't know a thing about her .
she kept realizing she could n't remember a thing and had to turn back to where she 'd started .
my hearing - aid battery 's dead , and i ca n't hear a damned thing , '' uncle jack yelled into sara 's ear although she 'd had no problem hearing him before .
` ` ca n't you remember a damn thing ? ''
because i know darn well leslie did n't say a thing about added rest .
collectively we do n't know a damn thing .
` ` i mean i do n't forget a thing .
` ` not a thing , as far as i can see . ''
i need to see them in person of course , but i doubt that will change a thing , except maybe to convince me to buy one for myself . ''
thanks to her modeling days , kendall knew a thing or two about makeup and maybe after she broke through hannah 's emotional walls , she could chisel through some of that face makeup too .
he 'd never mentioned a thing .
` ` not a thing , '' he said wryly .
the first thing she came up with was the real estate card given to her by tina roberts .
you need to realize it feels bad now , but it does n't mean a damn thing . ''
` ` a big drink like that does n't mix well with a little thing like you . ''
the words warmed her heart despite the fact that she knew they would n't change a thing .
` ` there 's one more thing i should have mentioned earlier . ''
she asked about where babies come from last week , so we ' ve been talking about that kind of thing .
whatever the clearest thing there is , you went one level clearer . ''
you 're the closest thing i have to a sister . ''
the only thing i saw up there was confidence , so i told him that .
ryder listened to sloane as if she was talking about the most fascinating thing he 'd ever heard .
i did n't hear a thing until there was a peal of laughter from sloane , joined shortly by ryder 's chuckle .
i 'd suggest all kinds of things to spice things up , but he 'd looked at me like i was a deviant and so i dropped it and tried to be content with missionary .
sloane has taught me a thing or two in the kitchen . ''
` ` not a thing , miss clarke .
there was only one other thing that had been nagging me , but i had n't mentioned it to lucah because i knew he would say that i was being paranoid again , and i did n't want to have that discussion over and over and over .
another thing he 'd learned about this woman was that it was her who had been spreading rumours to the tabloids that he had proposed to her and that they were getting married in eight months ' time .
knowing that she could so easily fall was unsettling but at the same time made the whole thing exhilarating .
dane had absolutely no intention of holding back the fact that jaxxon was in a whole other country where males of all ages could flock around her and there was n't a thing connor could do about it .
she had always made a point not to have any such things having grown up in a place where things generally were n't yours for long .
i 'll give you the idiot thing .
her sly expression falls away and the only thing left there is pity .
i ' m not tasting a single thing on my plate even though i am consuming it all .
the toes are the only thing anyone will see , and we do n't want to outshine the real beauty which is the dress and you , of course . ''
i was reading all kinds of things into ben 's greeting which was probably what i was supposed to be doing , but it felt bad to be doing it in a place we were supposed to be so serious and mature .
she was going to cling to this you're - not - the - boss - of - me thing , and i could already tell that it was a mistake to piss ben off like this .
but it was all too jumbled up with things i just did n't understand or even know the first thing about .
` ` okay , and what about the leck thing ?
the only thing i have yet to take is his soul .
for a while , the only thing i could hear was my own weeping , the pitiful sound waves easily swallowed up by the trees around me .
whereas the fire - breathing thing had n't really bothered me so much , this did .
something told me that this tooth was the only thing standing between life and death for me in the underworld .
i had n't really meant the plucking thing .
his screams had stopped , and the only thing i could hear now was the wind whistling past my ears , blowing my loose hair all around my face , sticking it to my cheeks now wet with tears .
i no longer felt comfortable that i knew who the good guys and bad guys were , or even if there was such a thing as either .
another thing you should have learned by now . ''
` ` you have the only thing i want and are not willing to give it .
` ` uh , except the brain - melting thing .
it was a curious enough sound that my weeping went softer , so i could hear what this thing was and maybe make some sense of it as i continued wallowing in my grief .
` ` i find lots of women for my business in many different places , and i ' ve heard good things about you from a contact of mine over at your former shelter .
the men who engaged her services wanted a lot from her , but she was n't expected to want or need a single thing in return - other than their money .
the only sound she heard was his whispered words through her headset , and the only thing she could see was the brilliant reds and oranges lighting up the horizon .
her body was a thing of beauty .
just because his kiss had heated her blood did n't mean a thing .
` ` i want to get to know you more , learn every ... little ... thing about you .
i know we had a service for him , i ' ve seen the pictures in an album , but i do n't remember a thing about it or being there , or who came to pay their respects , or if i even spoke to them .
well , i knew one thing i wanted .
it was the very first thing i asked for when i walked out of that rubble pile .
god she was a sexy thing , bent upon driving me mad ... ` ` so back to your job .
it was a thing of beauty , true , but i just did n't want anyone else to see what was mine .
she 's a young little thing is n't she ? ''
it was the first thing i looked for .
the only thing is celibacy . ''
i promise you , the venue and the guest list do n't change a goddamn thing about the purpose .
and there was not a thing in the world i could do about it .
any small thing you may remember could help . ''
` ` you want to know what the first thing was that i asked for ? ''
one thing was for certain .
i 'll be in and out before he knows a thing . ''
the very first thing you thieved was my heart , '' she said , turning to meet my lips for a sweet kiss , ` ` and i do n't ever want it back . ''
i laughed inwardly at the idea of ethan ever allowing me to entertain such a thing .
the store is apparently arranged by layer , and the first thing i see when we enter is a bin with lingerie .
it 's not the kind of thing i usually share , but i want so much to be close to this man .
i do n't want you to know a goddamn thing except me and the pleasure i bring you .
a signal to go , i realized , because the next thing i felt was motion and power as the lexus pulled out onto the street .
giving me the notebook does n't change a thing . ''
i closed my eyes , and his soft , ` ` you 're wonderful , '' was the last thing i heard before i slipped over to sleep .
the car ride was quiet , primarily because evan was n't saying a damn thing and neither was i .
it was that whole ` ` undercover '' thing that was my current sticking point .
the one thing i could n't argue with was the clothes .
` ` i ' m looking for a little quiet conversation , sweet thing , '' he said as i took a step back , suddenly feeling very naked and wanting a bit of distance from the panting way he was looking at me .
in fundraising , the donations often go to pay for the event , which then tries to recoup that money and earn more through table fees , silent auctions , that kind of thing . ''
` ` there 's one other thing i have for you , '' he said .
as far as i 'd seen over the years , that temper was the only thing that managed to escape his walls - and even that burst out like a rocket and was quickly snuffed .
i was n't sure that i did , but it seemed odd to show up and not say a thing .
and i could n't read one damn thing into it .
but despite looking me in the eye and promising to keep me in the loop , he 'd gone and moved my dad without telling me a thing .
neither cole nor evan were answering , and though i caught angie at work , she did n't know a thing .
it 's just this thing i ' ve been thinking about .
because you told me that i had to be exclusive , but you did n't say a thing about yourself . ''
he was putting together a st . andrew 's cross - which was , frankly , the very first thing i wanted to try .
on the contrary , i think that being damien 's wife is the thing in this world that scares me the least .
and that , my darling nikki , is the only thing that matters . ''
and when i ' m with you , the only thing i can see is the future . ''
right now , it 's the closest thing to privacy i have .
` ` i think i may have just the thing . ''
` ` he wants me to pose for a nude portrait , '' i say , though i had n't intended to tell her a thing .
my mother never missed a thing .
damien never misses a thing , either .
` ` let me drive this car a bit longer , and you wo n't have to do a thing , '' i say .
` ` well , today , i ' m interested in only one thing from this candle . ''
` ` if you want her to stay , i would n't tell her a thing . ''
if you want her to stay , i would n't tell her a thing .
because the first thing i see is me , my naked body , standing strong and bound for the world .
i am wildly turned on , and there 's not a thing i can do about it .
and although the whole hostess giselle thing had n't occurred to me before , it is now at the top of my list of affronts and irritations .
` ` that 's the thing , '' i say .
` ` there 's not a damn thing i can do legally .
` ` truth is a malleable thing , and once i walk into that courtroom , the truth is what the court says it is . ''
to tell me - rightfully - that i do n't know a thing about this girl .
the only thing i do n't understand is why , and though i ' m almost certain he will shut me down , i decide to voice the question .
he has n't told me a thing , though .
` ` let me see where it goes , and then i 'll lay the whole thing out for you . ''
she was a sweet little thing .
she has n't asked for a thing from you , aside from your dick .
i decided that was my favorite thing .
i did n't want to forget a thing about her .
i wondered about it , but we did n't have the type of friendship where i could just come out and ask a thing like that .
` ` you 're the vice president 's grandson , '' i breathed , every messy thing clicking right into place .
` ` my love for you is the realest thing i know .
i would n't have changed a thing .
even so , every little thing brought him to mind .
i did n't say a thing . ''
the genuine attraction thing was obviously a pitfall for me , so i was quite satisfied with this .
pride was a perverse thing .
he did n't have to do a thing but stay away , and i saw the error of my ways .
did n't hurt a thing but my vanity . ''
she never even knew a thing about me when she started with that nonsense .
he was n't hiding a thing .
whereas before my hands had skimmed over several small pieces of paper , now it held only one thing , at the very bottom .
i could n't concentrate on a damn thing .
with me , he did n't hold back a thing .
` ` there is not a f**king thing wrong with any part of her , '' he snapped .
the very thing i despised so much about my experience at the house ?
her stomach was a mess , and she was n't sure she was going to be able to eat a thing .
i felt him place the blindfold over my eyes , the white cloth folded several times so i could n't see a thing .
i know you do , my sweetest thing .
such a precious thing , and i simply can not wait to make you sing , to make your body hum and shiver for me . ''
i never did a thing for myself as a child .
the vibrator was buried deep inside me , buzzing crazily , and i could n't move , could n't breathe , could n't do a damn thing except want him to push that finger in and bring me to completion .
it was supremely strange , to be having breakfast with this man , sharing such an intimate , domestic thing as a bagel and cream cheese .
i 'll add one thing to it , though . ''
mercy is a thing they do not know .
` ` if you think for one second that i ' ve gone soft , then you do n't know a single thing about me , gina . ''
none of that will change a thing .
and then , just like that , the only thing keeping me in place was my own will .
now , do n't get me wrong : i ' m not a petite , pixie little thing , size zero with a - cups that seem like b 's next to a toothpick frame .
it was the best thing i 'd ever tasted , right then .
when he came out of the bathroom , the first thing he saw was niall pressing down with her fingers on the little yellow butterfly , her hips undulating in tight little circles against it .
the only thing she knew is that whatever ian was doing in london , it caused him anguish , and that he 'd chosen to protect others in his life from that pain .
` ` stand up , '' he said sharply , his restraint a brittle thing .
greedy little thing , '' he 'd murmured as he tightened the knot , his tone warm and amused .
he would not be denied the smallest thing when it came to elise tonight - not her sweet sighs of pleasure , her body trembling next to his hand , her wide - eyed look of surprise when she shocked herself by surrendering completely to him .
lucien , on the other hand , did n't eat a thing .
i wanted to ... but it seemed like such a toxic thing to spill .
perhaps the most significant thing he 'd found were some letters sent from louisa aurore to her son at ages eight , nine , and sixteen years old , respectively - letters she 'd sent to trevor gaines .
if noble should default on even the smallest thing in the contract with the acquisition loan company , ian 's private shares could go into someone else 's control . ''
he thought i might be of some help in ... '' ` ` making this whole ridiculous thing more palatable ? ''
` ` there is n't a damn thing those suits can teach me about watchmaking . ''
i wo n't regret a damn thing about ordering this food , though .
` ` do n't apologize for a thing , '' jason murmured , not leaning back for a moment .
the first thing she drew out was an exquisite black silk , short gown with lace at the breast .
i could tell that , in a minute , there would be enough fighting where i could n't do a thing .
the only thing that matters - '' charlie stopped to raise a finger in the air , then come swooping down with it , like a pelican eyeing prey as he stabbed her name in the ledger ` ` -is when this says zero .
` ` see , here 's the thing , '' she said , holding up her hands , as if offering them for shackling .
blindfolding is the only thing that i ' m not wild about .
that even if i told you , i knew that it would n't change a thing .
she was a hot little thing , and it pissed him off that he was horny for her .
` ` lubrication is a wonderful thing , is n't it ? ''
soon , a pretty young thing with a sleek blond chignon glided over to them , and asked for their order .
he knew a thing or two about that awful emotion .
jack , i do n't even know a thing about you , except you sell toys .
` ` here 's the thing , '' he said in a clipped voice .
all the missing , '' michelle said , and while she 'd never known the kind of love sutton and reeve had , she knew a thing or two about those pangs of longing .
this was her surprise for him , and hell if he was going to do a damn thing right now but take whatever she wanted to give .
` ` ca n't see a damn thing up close without these on , '' he said , then wrote down the name she gave him , folded up the paper and removed his glasses once more .
love looked like obligation , not like some- '' she paused , as if hunting for a word , ` ` - incandescent thing . ''
and i want to ask you if you can give me one more thing .
` ` but the one thing i ' m not sure of is whether you like them to be sucked .
not wanting to deny her a thing on this earth , he roped his arms around her .
i ca n't deny you a fucking thing .
he could n't figure out a damn thing .
` ` i did n't forget a thing .
as if our being blood meant a fucking thing to him .
but i had n't said a thing about it , instead letting each day pass with not a word between us other than work talk .
` ` if we 're done , i have a full day 's work to do , '' i said , trying to hide how much this whole shay thing bothered me .
before you bring up the whole lola thing , i know .
` ` so about that truth thing ... i have to tell you about something that you might not like , '' he said in a quiet voice .
the only thing i really heard was that he thought i was gorgeous .
i want him to find out from me , not secondhand , so do n't say a thing to her , okay ? ''
` ` yes , and promise me you wo n't say a thing .
his face was expressionless and he seemed more like a statue of himself than the real thing .
` ` the first thing to know is that there 's only one kind of knot you need to master .
` ` here 's the thing , '' she said as she began walking back toward the apartment .
i have to believe that for all your wealth you do n't have people in your life who will give you this one thing you desire . ''
the only thing i like there is the print you picked out to cover the bare spot in the bedroom . ''
i knew jordan did n't believe me , but like the best friend she was , she did n't say a thing .
of all the things i could give her , he had that one priceless thing i could n't .
i could have anything my heart desired , and none of it meant a damn thing .
she was a cute little thing .
` ` well , except for that whole car accident and amnesia thing , '' i joked .
i loved these moments together , just the two of us sitting quietly at the end of the day , not saying a thing to ruin the peaceful silence we shared .
you know , the whole fake boyfriend thing .
i know about these things , '' i said as i grabbed another handful of grapes and headed out of the kitchen .
` ` that whole gage thing , as you call it , is just me being the same old nina i ' ve always been .
that he did n't know a thing about the so - called occasion did n't seem to matter .
money and everything else you have do n't mean a thing to me , tristan .
` ` not a thing , '' i said in my best lying voice .
` ` i did n't know such a simple thing like a baby 's kick could make me feel so connected to him .
the thought warmed my heart just a little , it was a poor substitute for the real thing but it was all i had and i will treasure it for as long as the memory stayed fresh .
any wrong move on his part going forward was all the excuse i will need to remove her from under his care and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it , by law she was old enough it was only her attachment to him that was keeping me from making my move .
i could care less but i did n't want my blossom feeling uncomfortable , though she did n't seem to notice the attention thank god , that 's just one more thing to make her feel self conscious .
i kissed her skin as each part was revealed until i reached her magnificent tits that truly were a thing of beauty .
i did n't want her name in anyway associated with this , of course there was bound to be hoopla following the whole lynn thing .
the only thing missing from the story is that she 'd been left outside the sanders ' house .
i had a program running on my computer , it was kind of like connect the dots type of thing .
i have no idea what the eastern - european ancestry thing is about , but it sounds like a fetish to me .
how presumptuous do you have to be to include a thing like that in a legal document ?
my whole look - before - leaping thing with sending off this contract is getting weighed down by his insistence that i be sure .
i know a thing or two about feeling alone .
what do you say to a thing like that ?
this is , after all , a girl who knows a thing or two about guarding herself .
` ` i wo n't , '' i promise her , ` ` i know a thing or two about this world , remember . ''
i ' ve heard enough stories about date rape to know a thing or two about the drugs that enable it .
the first thing i come across is personnel and accounting information .
there 's not as much information to be found on leo as the others , but i certainly learn a thing or two .
i ca n't seem to make him understand that developing apps and branding websites would be the furthest thing from fulfilling for me .
an unassuming , brick - faced bar is the first thing i see .
` ` the bruno thing , i mean ? ''
` ` i ' m going to touch every last inch of you , and there is n't a damn thing you can do about it . ''
i ' m going to thoroughly skin your cat , buddy , and there wo n't be a damn thing you can do about it . ''
` ` i did n't think there was such a thing .
the vegas thing is forgotten , it 's all cool . ''
` ` i did n't steal a fucking thing from you .
i did n't give up a thing . ''
` ` are you going to show me the other thing ? ''
` ` not a thing , you 're incredible , ginny . ''
just because she was with dane did n't mean a thing , it meant she wanted to talk about him and who better than with his twin brother ?
* * * * she was a cheeky little thing .
cheeky little thing .
they did n't know a damn thing .
stella did n't even say a thing , but instead , she bit into her lip and tried as calmly as possible to leave my office .
it was one thing to be addicted to something ; it was another thing entirely when you had become addicted to a woman .
nothing could patch us , even if the very thing that had drawn us apart was my drive to becoming a mother .
god , how i wanted to hurt him , make him feel just a bit of what i was going through , although even if i did , it would n't change a thing .
` ` there 's another thing , '' i started saying , pausing just to make sure she had a second or two to process what was to come next .
she did n't say a thing , merely looked like she was about to start crying .
` ` but i love that living room floor , and i would n't dare change a thing about it .
directions to my apartment were the only thing that stopped me from bursting into tears then and there .
but i have just one thing .
david sounded so excited as though he had truly found the most exciting thing ever and he wanted to share it with me .
` ` the other thing i wanted to give you is this ... '' he pulled a small box from his pocket and my heart dropped .
he was going to have a big , fat , juicy ( yet cooked to ` ` well done '' to avoid any nasty intestinal bugs ) cheeseburger for dinner , and it was n't going to cost him a thing .
grabbed him by the balls and would n't let him go until he came , feeling some little thing inside him - another piece of the ` ` ian '' puzzle - click into place .
pity was a horrible thing to inflict on someone like tierney .
i 'll ... '' tierney began , so softly that dalton would n't have heard a thing if he were n't in so personal a space with him .
another thing he did n't know for sure about the new tierney .
here 's the thing . ''
the only thing he knew for sure was he 'd take almost any excuse to talk to tierney .
` ` what other thing ? ''
` ` because , you know , that whole thing about you being my lover means i should probably have someone else at my back in a situation like this . ''
i 'd heard of ` ` just - fucked hair '' before but was there such a thing as ` ` just - finger - fucked hair '' ?
but i knew i 'd have to mention the whole kevin thing to him .
i 'd never considered a penis a thing of beauty , but tristan had a way of changing my way of thinking about a lot of things .
` ` i assumed the whole thing was about scaring dad into backing off of his public outrage . ''
` ` here 's the thing , '' he went on .
mr . king had forced a few polite questions out at the beginning of the meal -- where i was from , where i went to school , that sort of thing -- and then turned his frosty attention on his son .
i would n't change a thing about you . ''
family quibbles notwithstanding , i would n't change a thing about our relationship .
it was obvious that the only thing the occupants of the rooms had in common with each other was money - and lots of it .
but the thing that really caught my attention was the staircase .
` ` that 's a beautiful thing , is n't it ? ''
then she closed her eyes and hummed like my dick was the best damn thing she 'd ever tasted .
you know , the whole guilt - by - association thing .
` ` well , he 's a cutie , if you like the whole wolverine ken thing , '' i said with a snort .
she had been all over me like a second skin , and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it at the time because of the board members and potential clients who were in attendance .
why do n't you come on over here and we can talk about the first thing that pops up ?
` ` i ' m not giving you one more thing to manipulate me with . ''
he did n't allow me to think about a thing .
` ` you may think you 're getting away with something , but you wo n't get a thing from me . ''
` ` you are such a pretty thing . ''
the only thing my brain would churn out right then was every moment , every experience , i had shared with rhys .
loud laughter bursts from melody , like it 's the funniest thing she 's ever heard .
he 's getting not a damn thing from me .
` ` would n't know a thing about it . ''
sleep deprivation is a funny thing .
she does n't know a damn thing that 's happening on any of them , but they 're stealing her attention .
i do n't know how he would feel about the whole sex thing .
he will be mad but we will have the folder and he wo n't suspect a thing .
i ' m going to come in her mouth again , and there 's not a damn thing i can do to stop it .
what if all this ... the kindness , the no - sex thing , maybe he 's trying to lull me into a false sense of security , to get me to trust him so i submit to him completely .
that knowledge is a potent thing , but i wo n't abuse my power .
the only thing missing is a couple of signatures on a piece of paper .
` ` and i promise you that stella will be the furthest thing from my mind when i finally take you . ''
he 's a chubby little thing with messy brown hair and giant bright blue eyes .
i clutch her tighter , hating that she 's in pain and i ca n't do a fucking thing about it .
i was noticing things i never took the time to notice before , like the delicate scent hanging around her , and how soft and smooth her skin looked .
` ` no such thing as normal , baby . ''
` ` because i do n't do this sort of thing . ''
before we go any further , is there such a thing as client confidentiality ?
he could n't see a damn thing in this dark alley .
` ` that tantric thing can not be learned from reading a book . ''
` ` actually , that 's the other thing i was going to mention .
it was such a simple thing , but so naughtily creative at the same time .
it was a lot of staring at the phone and waiting for him to call , looking back wistfully on old pictures of me driving him around , that sort of thing . ''
` ` this is the realest thing i know , sophia . ''
` ` sebastian , i do n't know the first thing about guns . ''
that trust was the most important thing in the world to me now , and i 'd die before i breached it again .
we did watch the rest of the film , but i 'll be damned if i could tell you a single thing about it .
` ` well actually , there is one other thing i wanted to mention . ''
they 're the first thing we hear in the morning . ''
it helps people find outfits and connect with labels and designers , that sort of thing . ''
you could probably tell me a thing or two about it . ''
obviously i do n't know the first thing about how to turn this off other than avoiding you sometimes .
i needed that , for someone who loved me and did n't know a damn thing about anything to promise me that everything was going to be all right .
` ` you do n't know a fucking thing about me , sophia . ''
` ` the only thing i do n't understand is why you ca n't admit that you have feelings for me .
` ` trust me , i did n't feel a thing .
` ` you mean to tell me that he held you in a kiss long enough for risa to see , with his goddamn tongue in your mouth , and you did n't feel a thing ? ''
if you wo n't give me this one thing , then i have no choice in the matter , do i ?
he was taunting me with the very thing i 'd tried to strip him of , and hell if i 'd never wanted anything more .
` ` i want to show you one more thing .
from this distance the only thing she could see was the top of colby 's brown cowboy hat .
at any other time she might ' ve snickered at the funny picture he made , but at that moment laughter was the furthest thing from her mind .
` ` but i ' m finding i ca n't deny you a damn thing , colby mckay .
carter checked on her first thing after he 'd arrived at the bar 9 to find her camper empty and her car gone .
right then she knew she would n't deny him a damn thing .
she haughtily informed him there would n't be a damn thing he could do about it .
` ` and i ' m gon na f**k you exactly where i want , and how i want , as long as i want , exactly as i ' ve fantasized and there ai n't a damn thing you can do about it , is there ? ''
because he went out of his way to share silly and sweet things with her ?
mostly , the accepting thing gets to me because you get me , the real me and accept me for who i am .
you 'd love a chance to teach her a thing or two about how a real man would handle her .
you ' ve got ta know that i wo n't deny you a damn thing . ''
but do n't worry , i did n't say a thing about you or the incredible sex we had the other night . ''
the ones that did n't have a blasted thing to do with family love or sexual gratification ?
aj would n't do a damn thing to dim the gigantic grin on her friend 's face - she 'd play along and pretend she was having the best time in the world .
in the last few weeks cord had n't listened to a damn thing she 'd said .
` ` she 's the closest thing i have to a sister and i hate that my brother is just like every other man - taking what 's offered and giving nothing in return . ''
` ` well , are n't you a bright - eyed little thing ? ''
not a single thing . ''
it 's the most simple thing in the world .
she was every damn thing he 'd ever wanted in a life partner and never thought he 'd find or that he deserved .
did n't mean a damn thing he remembered exactly how edgard liked his coffee .
` ` but you are a perceptive little thing . ''
she is the oddest little thing . ''
` ` good thing , because i do n't remember a damn thing .
` ` i ca n't see a damn thing . ''
i 'd ' ve tucked myself right in with you and there would n't have been a damn thing you could ' ve done about it because it would ' ve been on doctor 's orders . ''
his slow , sure grin was a thing of beauty .
` ` trust me , deputy , i know a thing or two about being broken . ''
it 's back to that trust thing . ''
` ` after spending my life working in a restaurant , i know a thing or two about removing grease stains . ''
because by giving you the one thing you want so badly , anton , i get the only thing i want : you .
` ` and there 's not a damn thing you can do about it . ''
the last thing she remembered was the crinkly sound of the paper beneath her bare butt as she tried to get comfortable .
when he slid inside her , surrounded by her warmth and softness and strength , he realized she made him a whole man and it did n't have a damn thing to do with his missing leg .
the only thing that interested the kid more than legos was food .
cam 's quiet life and pristine house is a thing of the past but he and domini would n't have it any other way . ''
and she would n't do a damn thing to stop him .
bawling would n't solve a damn thing .
but the main thing you 're forgetting ?
unable to see a damn thing , she leaned over too far , smacking her shoulder into the bottom of the tub .
way to insult kane 's mother first thing .
` ` what was the third thing ? ''
which is so bizarre because he gave me the most important thing in my life .
he 'd taken classes through the big buddies program on how to address this question , but faced with it now , he could n't remember a damn thing on how he was supposed to answer .
there was n't a damn thing she could do about the bruises , except offer them a healing kiss , which she did .
but there was n't a damn thing either of them could do about it now .
better than good and it did n't have a damn thing to do with the skimpy string bikini she wore .
i wo n't talk to you if i do n't want to and there 's not a damn thing you can do about it .
` ` that 's the second time you ' ve mentioned the bottle thing .
she worked in silence and with such a deft touch he did n't feel a damn thing .
landon would break her heart and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
but today , she did n't smell a thing .
you do n't know a goddamned thing about brandt . ''
you do n't know a thing about jessie .
` ` ah , well , that 's the thing .
` ` but you 're still going to give this abstinence thing a whirl ? ''
` ` that 's the ironic thing .
what 's the most personal thing anyone gave you ? ''
then the bullfighters and medical team erected a human tent around ryan and he could n't see a damn thing .
i really did n't like the leash and collar thing . ''
` ` which is the one f**kin ' thing we did n't have .
as the afternoon had worn on and she had n't accomplished a damn thing , she 'd dug out her high school yearbooks .
` ` i know a thing or two about making you squirm , do n't i ? ''
tell nuzzled the outside curves of her tits , inhaling the fragrance of her skin first thing in the morning .
` ` you are a naughty little thing , are n't you ? ''
insightful little thing .
you could learn a thing or two from her . ''
` ` a ... physical thing . ''
` ` what kind of physical thing ? ''
sierra was occupied with driving so she was only half - listening anyway and did n't suspect a thing .
he could n't do a damn thing but stand beside her and listen while she sobbed inconsolably .
` ` that whole i do n't understand love thing i was complaining about ?
` ` ah , that 's the thing .
you did n't say a damn thing about not usin ' my mouth . ''
every last little thing . ''
maybe i could teach you a thing or two about getting wild . ''
the most important thing you need to remember , mr . mckay , is patience .
the antonideses were the closest thing she had left to a family and even though they were many miles away , she at least had the comfort of knowing that she was still cared about .
` ` it 's not quite the same thing . ''
the only thing she gave a damn about anyway was the balance in my bank account .
the only thing i need to know from you is whether you would like scrambled eggs with your toast . ''
the cocaine has brought all my nerve endings to life , and sleep is the furthest thing from my mind .
and just in case , i wanted to get as much information about the only thing we have of your viking in this time .
` ` and that 's another thing we can add to the list of things you have in common , because dexter is gay , too . ''
` ` really , i opened the drawer to get a notepad to write something down , but then i was surprised because this other thing was n't in there .
i ' m just looking for this one thing that might be able to help me figure out how to get this other thing we really need if we want to - aha , found it ! ''
nikolai was beginning to wonder the same thing .
he is a cute little thing . ''
` ` you can rest assured laughter is the farthest thing from my mind . ''
technology was a wonderful thing .
amanda kissed him again , knowing for the first time in her life that there really was such a thing as happily ever after .
` ` i do n't need anyone to show me a damn thing , '' zarek snarled .
do it , or you will lose everything- do it , and i will lose the only thing .
` ` she 's a pretty little thing , is n't she ?
i think by now i know a thing or two about his character . ''
` ` my mother only taught me one thing and , i promise you , it was n't manners . ''
he had believed in her and had given her the one thing he had never given anyone else - his trust .
life was a very fragile thing .
he recalled sunshine runningwolf in the warehouse room with him as he told dionysus and camulus to shove their orders up their sphincter , and then the next thing he remembered was leaving acheron on the crowded street .
even the most simple thing such as looking up at the sky could bring comfort to you , even when the one you loved was far away .
all it did was give the boy one more thing to aggravate him with .
like many other female dark - hunters , she wanted the one thing she could never have again - a relationship .
carnal pleasure was the only thing that he could still experience as an immortal with the same degree that he had known as a human .
` ` no , '' she said , stunned that he would even ask such a thing , ` ` certainly not . ''
the one thing he wanted from her was the one thing he could never ask - to have her nak*d in his bed .
family had been the one thing in her life that she 'd always craved with a burning passion , and much like her respectability , it was as elusive as a unicorn 's horn .
the first thing she saw was the smoldering remains of their boat - not that there was much of it left .
` ` but i honestly do n't think you know even the most basic thing about me .
he dropped all of his weight , which did n't do a damn thing , since the demon was so strong .
then again , since the death of his wife he had n't had any woman who 'd known even the most basic thing about him .
pain was one thing he could deal with .
` ` there 's no such thing as a gift .
the only thing that mattered was precious styxx and his dignity .
` ` there 's no such thing as invincible .
but that was the only thing that united them .
dying to be inside her , he slid his finger in , then froze as he found the last thing he expected .
in all these centuries , you ' ve never bothered to learn the most basic thing about me at all . ''
but there is one thing i need . ''
in the bottom of that drawer was the last thing she had ever expected to see again .
` ` so you see , i know a thing or two about training a destroyer and teaching him how to fight his natural urges .
it 's the very thing that you ' ve been fighting against since the day you banished the emotions from all the oneroi .
but that was n't the only thing that impressed her .
he showed them how to start a club and function in the human world as normal citizens -- the hanging from the ceiling thing notwithstanding .
the next thing she heard was breaking furniture .
i should have beat the bastard harder ... . wincing from the pain of his ribs and back , he opened his eyes , then froze at the last thing he expected to see .
` ` i fear i am the only thing they have in common ... .
` ` out of all the shit i ' ve seen in the last two days , that is the only thing that truly frightens me .
it was the most arousing thing he 'd ever experienced .
i could n't lose the last thing that i had of you .
yet the one thing he kept coming back to was the futures of thia and darice .
now there was the last thing she 'd ever expected to find .
but there was one thing that still did n't make sense to sumi .
closing his eyes , he let her scent wash over him as stupid fantasies tormented him with things he knew he could n't have .
sex is a very sacred thing for us .
and as she worked her magic on his body , the pleasure of her soothing touch overrode the pain , until the only thing he could feel was the pressure of her hand as she gently stroked him .
damn , she was the cutest thing he 'd ever seen .
but one thing was clear .
it was the closest thing to an avowal of love that he 'd made .
he 's been off with some friends for a couple of weeks and he 's the most important thing we 'll be picking up on nera when we get there . ''
` ` the only thing i can figure is that he wants to use me to hurt my father . ''
i ' m not quite sure if a little thing like you can handle him . ''
` ` the only thing left that i have n't faced is death and , after all i ' ve been through , it would probably be a relief .
it was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever heard .
she was the only thing new i 'd ever gotten . ''
shahara was n't sure she liked the sound of that whole manipulation thing .
after that , you 'll never again ask me another thing about my past , or my colleagues , and you 'll remain quiet and let me finish what i ' m doing . ''
the only thing his parents could have given him that he could n't have on his own was league amnesty , and that was something he could n't care less about .
as if she had n't done a thing , he continued talking in that eerie , dead voice .
and it was the last thing she 'd ever give her children .
because one thing his brother , pete , had taught him years ago - there was no such thing as a second chance .
the only thing she did n't like about being pregnant was the fact that she cried over every little thing .
the blond guy looked in her direction , then at the other male , but she doubted he could see a thing in this blackness .
they did n't see a thing .
she did n't trust him one bit , but he was the closest thing to a lead she had since he 'd turned her demon into roadkill .
isak might know why the birrn demon had been looking for an alterant , information that could be useful with the tribunal , but she doubted he 'd share a thing with her after this .
` ` the second thing the troll told us was that the rak had left a cryptic message for a belador .
she did n't have a thing to offer tristan , since he 'd been burned once already by brina - if he was telling the truth - and believed the ngak stone was his ticket to freedom .
grady would n't tell isak a thing about her , right ?
this whole trust thing felt like a severe case of food poisoning , but nicole would n't have steered her wrong , and they were running out of time .
he was n't sharing a thing with her yet that he did n't have to , and he did n't give her a chance to question him on it when he threw a new worry at her to juggle .
the only thing preventing him from killing her was that invisible spellbound wall between them , which he 'd failed to destroy in the past three hours .
` ` elizabeth has not yet comprehended her place in the grand scheme of things . ''
at each destination , he would teach her new things about the area .
` ` if you grant me the use of the ring , '' lothaire said , ` ` i 'll give you the entire thing . ''
` ` before , i thought our young would be the only thing we had in common , and raising them our sole occupation .
the only thing worse than his infidelity would be hiding it .
` ` almost died and did n't learn a damn thing .
her relief is a warm , tangible thing .
` ` i trust that your last wild weekend was perfect , and , as your father , i do n't want to hear a single thing about it . ''
i sure was a bossy little thing .
chapter fourteen ansel works , doing his best to carve out whatever time for me he can , while i pretend my days with him and this novelty i ' ve only just discovered , called ` ` leisure time , '' wo n't soon be a thing of the past .
` ` you 're in my house , little thing .
` ` i would n't know the first thing about that . ''
` ` if you could erase this one thing from your time with him , would you still be with him ? ''
` ` i ' m not sure there 's such a thing as a normal life . ''
she could feel the dank heaviness of her clothes , cold and itchy against her skin , and the cloying sweet air of the cave , colder yet , and the weight of jace 's hands on her shoulders , the only things that were warm .
i heard you talking to him about valentine and the whole reversing the soul - sword thing .
` ` the first thing you need to understand is that i ' m the same person i always was .
the second thing you should know is that it is n't a choice .
` ` the last thing i remember was going out to the truck .
it is n't the sort of thing you just drop into casual conversation . ''
looking at him now - even if she had n't been in love with him , that part of her that was her mother 's daughter , that loved every beautiful thing for its beauty alone , would still have wanted him .
you should have trusted to those , but you didn't - you couldn't - and now you ' ve given us the one thing that could possibly have united us all . ''
she hated thinking of jace and valentine as being in any way alike , even in so trivial a thing as a glance .
it 's just - there 's one thing i do n't get . ''
` ` it is such a small thing . ''
` ` if you want me to speak to them for you , '' magnus said , ` ` you have to tell me at least some small thing .
` ` his whole thing is about me being comfortable with what i am .
` ` with the whole mark of cain thing , does that mean if i accidentally kick you during the night , i get kicked in the shins seven times by an invisible force ? ''
` ` maybe you know that there is no such thing as conditional love for a child .
but he 's the closest thing to jace i ' ve got .
` ` tell us what the ' little ' thing you want in return for your plan is . ''
` ` is n't it the only thing standing between me and your heavenly wrath ? ''
but i feel like there 's one useful thing we might have gotten out of all this - some secret knowledge on my part - and we do n't even have that . ''
and the only real thing he ever feels is annoyance when he 's thwarted . ''
the first thing simon saw was the wallpaper , which was n't that bad .
` ` but we can choose , '' clary said , but how could you explain to someone who did n't understand that their choices had been taken away , that there was such a thing as free will ?
` ` okay , what about the jace thing ? ''
i ' m their father , or the closest thing to it , and they need me , and i need you . ''
` ` for i have discovered one other thing that perhaps sets me apart from lucifer .
` ` there is one more thing i want from you .
it seemed like such an insignificant thing , but it was all i had at that moment .
` ` but we 're ... '' we were young , but really , was there such a thing as too young for us ?
just like with the mutation thing .
she was a tiny thing , and he all but dwarfed her .
that was the most important thing i 'd always take from this .
the whole arum thing is kind of freaky , to be honest . ''
` ` it 's just one little thing that i demand . ''
the only thing i want to think about is how you make me feel .
all humans had a soul - an essence - good or bad , but demons were n't rocking any such thing .
then again , there was n't a thing in this world besides a warden that could stop an upper level demon .
he was the closest thing i had to a brother .
you know , the whole soul - sucking thing makes it difficult . ''
even if my mother was the lilith , even if she had n't wanted me , i could n't throw the only thing i had of hers away .
i asked , even though i could n't tell him a thing .
i was right about the whole lesser key thing .
` ` that 's not the only thing i ' ve learned . ''
and the only times i 'd been in abbot 's library recently were when i was getting lectured about one thing or another .
that means it 's not the easiest thing in the world to interpret .
not a damn thing about the place gave me that welcoming ` ` nothing bad is about to go down in here '' feeling .
then you come back and you tell me that everything between us never meant a damn thing to you .
the first thing i saw were bars .
the only thing i could hope for was some real confirmation that he was okay .
so sex is the only thing off limits ?
he takes a bite and closes his eyes like its the best thing he s ever tasted .
i do nt know a single thing about his family , and he s already met mine .
i do nt know a single thing about his past , but he s slept in my childhood bed .
the only thing he got from me was his balls .
she s the first thing to breathe life back into you since the night you drowned in that f**king lake .
i do nt know the first thing about what that was like or what that did to you .
not the greatest thing to share .
` ` that 's all i ' m saying , because the only thing you need to know is that i like her .
the door opened and the first thing alana saw was a bushel of roses .
you wo n't think about a thing .
` ` and i did n't mean a damn thing to you .
that kiss ... the way he had kissed me proved to me that there really was a such thing as uncontrollable attraction , that yearning for more could be painful in the most delicious way , and that there really were such things as sparks flying when lips touched .
that kiss ... the way he had kissed me proved to me that there really was a such thing as uncontrollable attraction , that yearning for more could be painful in the most delicious way , and that there really were such things as sparks flying when lips touched .
with cam present , this was sure to be make the awkward hall of fame list , but there was no denying the jubilation building despite that pesky thing called common sense i swiped my keycard and pushed thoughts of the upcoming visit from jase out of my head as i opened the door to the suite and stepped inside , letting the door slide shut behind me .
second thing i learned was that the bar was n't bleeding money like it had been stabbed repeatedly with a wicked hunter 's knife .
so the next thing i thought about was her**n . lots of her**n . like maybe hundreds of thousands ' worth of it .
and then my thoughts went to this - this jax and me thing .
` ` there ai n't no such thing as coincidences . ''
you did n't have to knock up my baby girl - the only f**king thing i have left of emmy . ''
you could only have a taste of something but never the full thing ?
since my belly had started to show , he had gotten a little crazy with the hovering thing .
every choice i made until this day has been one i wanted to make , and i would n't change a thing .
that was one more thing to add to my list of f**kups .
he was a kid , and i had threatened him while he was drunk - with the one thing i knew he did n't want to lose .
full darkness had descended and i could n't see a thing .
do n't tell her a thing !
i swallowed around a painful lump suddenly filling my throat and asked weakly , ` ` you can do that sort of thing ? ''
none of them will remember a thing , '' sofie said reassuringly , her eyes twinkling , her lips pursed as if ready to burst out laughing .
without explaining a thing to her , she somehow always knew .
i could n't see a thing .
that was the one thing i knew about that she did n't .
` ` sorry , i mean ... '' maybe this whole communicating via telepathy thing was n't so fantastic .
that 's the last thing i need floating around work .
does ben not miss a damn thing ?
that 's the last thing i need him to hear .
luckily , she seems to be interested in me for only one thing and it 's the kind of thing i can readily give her .
you 're not allowed to change a damn thing about you . ''
she does n't remember a thing !
` ` gabe did n't know a thing about fixing toilets .
and regardless , i ca n't say a damn thing .
it took me a few weeks to realize that her eyes are actually glued to the minute hand of her watch and if her meat dish - because there 's no such thing as dinner without meat in ginny 's eyes - does n't hit the table on time , she starts pacing and fidgeting .
` ` and right now she does n't remember a thing . ''
she does n't remember a thing .
more than likely , viktor would n't admit to a damn thing .
your privacy is a thing of the past .
` ` shawna 's heard good things about this place and i thought it 'd be fun . ''
` ` for a man who claims not to know a damn thing about women , you sure know how to dress one , '' she said , eyeing me over the lip of her mug as she took a sip .
i ' m going to make you come without you having to do a thing . ''
partly because he 's the last thing i ever expected to see when i climbed down .
i do n't doubt that the hall is buzzing with excited whispers , all waiting like spectators at a hanging , but i ca n't hear a thing .
you 're classy and kind of artistic , if you can use the word artistic to describe that sort of thing . ''
` ` i do n't know the first thing about acrobatics . ''
but i am me and she still has n't divulged a damn thing about herself , even after i laid my history out for her to judge .
she walked over to the garden window and let the sun flood over her , warm and fresh , the air full of humidity and sweetness from the garden - all the things she usually took for granted , but which at first street seemed doubly wonderful , and worth a moment 's meditation before rushing headlong into the day .
` ` we did n't just have lunch , and you did n't eat a thing , '' said mary jane .
` ` i have another important thing which i shall voluntarily show you . ''
` ` she 'll nurse the baby soon as you leave , she 's a shy little thing . ''
forgiveness , the very thing we thought practical .
this love was not a sensual thing .
and suddenly overcome with shame and fear , i knew the seemingly small thing she wanted of me was too much for me .
but these things were almost sweet now .
but the most surprising thing in this room , other than the incalculable wealth in books , was the vague figure of a woman materializing slowly in my vision .
` ` dear , innocent little thing , '' beauty whispered into her ear .
` ` she had very fair hair - tied in little pink bows - and she was only a little thing . ''
if there was one thing tessa hated , it was being told that there were things she could n't understand .
i do n't understand the first thing about her , much less being her . ''
yea , lord , a little bliss , brief bitter bliss , one hath for a great sin ; nathless thou knowest how sweet a thing it is .
15 foreign mud ah god , that love were as a flower or flame , that life were as the naming of a name , that death were not more pitiful than desire , that these things were not one thing and the same !
there is one more thing i need from you ; you know what it is .
it is as great a thing to love as it is to be loved .
at least we had one thing in common besides an eric appreciation club .
that special thing must be my proximity to , or ownership of , the cluviel dor .
` ` that 's the sweetest thing , '' i said .
since i 'd just cleaned out my bedroom drawers , i 'd have seen it when i was refolding my scarves , but i had no specific memory of that , which did n't mean a thing .
i was very tired by then , though i had n't done a damn thing all day , and i shuffled slowly to the door toting the rifle with me , though i was sure from the - well , from the feeling of the hole a vampire 's head left in my other sense - that this ` ` hole '' represented bill .
his surprise was a tangible thing .
the remarkable thing was a thin silver chain that ran from the young lady 's wrist , down to her ankle and into the painted caravan behind her .
it was the finest thing he had ever eaten and , after he had chewed and swallowed it , he said so .
they called you ditchwater sal , when you were a young chit of a thing , thought the witch - queen , but she did not say this aloud .
` ` there 's never a thing you could possess that i would take for your passage .
said tristran , seizing on the only thing in all this he was certain he had understood .
` ` in almost eighteen years , tristran thorn , i have not demanded one single thing of you .
` ` not a thing , '' she said , voice heavy with sarcasm , and bent to take one last look into the open hinge .
` ` there is this thing called common courtesy , '' she said slowly , deliberately .
she added her running shoes , vowing to make him pay for forcing her to wear them together , and tugged on a workout tank - the closest thing to a t - shirt she 'd brought .
but how would she recognize love when she did n't know the first thing about it ?
it eats at me , her deception , because it 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
` ` the only thing he 's interested in is hearing more about you . ''
but it wo n't change a single thing - except that you can die .
just when she thought there 'd be a confrontation , rika said , ` ` kader - ie , we have a thing we wish to tell thee - ` ` she winced .
` ` ah , your foresight is a beautiful thing .
nandiuml ; x started toward holly , and short of violence , there was n't a damn thing he could do to stop her .
the only thing sabine loved as much as a good juicy plot was a surprise .
he pictured daniela carving tirelessly ; he strained his memory to see precisely what she 'd wrought - ` ` fine , i will divulge one thing ... ` ` nix said .
i had n't had the chance this afternoon to get into the attic where dad 's stuff was boxed up , so the only thing i 'd been able to find of his was his old pocket watch on my mom 's dresser .
making a statue come to life to torment pixies did n't sound like witch magic , but there were other things that had n't come out of the closet when the pixies , vampires , and witches had - things that would cause humans to raze the forests and plow the abandoned smaller towns into dust if they knew .
that was one thing they could share .
hands in his pockets , he walked with his head down , hunched and uncomfortable in his dress shoes that did n't do a thing to stop the cold .
it had been hell - and it had n't done a thing in convincing her that the strand had n't been lying bastards .
if i could just figure this thought - touching thing out , he could resume his regular duties , leaving me reasonably safe at home and able to contact him if the dark reaper showed up again .
barnabas assured me he did n't remember a thing .
but the snatching thing ?
this emancipated - familiar thing makes you liable .
` ` i started on this trip two days ago , and it was n't until arizona that i realized i was n't doing a damn thing .
` ` she 's a temperamental little thing .
regaining my ability to be in reality , even in snatches , was a small thing , but after having imagined living in the ever - after without ever seeing the sun , jenks , or ivy again , i fastened on it like a lifeline .
i could n't feel a thing .
but even his worry did nothing to help ; he was touching me , and i could n't feel a thing .
i was getting tired of having to bargain for every little thing i deserved , like a license or the ability to make a plane reservation .
this was the ugliest thing i 'd seen .
that iv you were on last night wo n't do a thing for your appetite .
` ` they wo n't remember a thing , '' the man said , his european accent harsh .
the only thing keeping al civilized was ... what ?
` ` so work with him , not for him , '' jenks said , as if that distinction was the easiest thing in the world .
his toga did n't do a thing for him .
one thing was clear , though .
my breath came faster as suddenly the only thing i was hearing / seeing in my mind was my ugly ley line with the purple core screaming at me .
there was no such thing as safe .
` ` rachel , i do n't know the first thing about why a spell shop would explode or what would make a witch 's apartment fill with poisonous gas and snuff the entire building .
and after tonight , i ' m not going to have a damn thing to do .
around me were the collective thoughts of the goddess , emotion being the easiest thing to comprehend .
it was the only pure thing , but so distant as to depress rather than uplift .
i had n't even heard her open it , but she was a quiet little thing .
she was a pretty little thing , with wide green eyes and freckles scattered across her nose .
` ` feisty little thing , is n't she ?
she was an amusing little thing , was n't she ?
only thing that had stopped her then was the thought that he would reduce her to a meal .
` ` did you ask him about the time - reversal thing ? ''
only thing preventing him from shoving deep inside her was their clothing .
kissing her , there was no such thing as control , the fine threads broken completely .
he knew a thing or two about vampires , dallas supposed .
once situated in kyrin 's suv , where both kyrin and lilla awaited me , i passed out weapons and said , ` ` there 's one more thing i need . ''
there 's not a damn thing you can do about it .
the cloying scent of honey still wafted from me - and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
i did n't do a damn thing to truly help this case . ''
she was a pretty little thing with delicate bones and long shiny blond hair .
only thing he did n't know was if it had already happened or if there was still time to stop it from happening .
only thing the patrons had in common that jaxon could tell was that they were middle class .
she was a pretty thing with dark hair and dark eyes , and she radiated sensuality .
how dare he accuse her of such a thing ?
now you waltz in here , late , and state as pretty as you please the very thing we had to fight her for . ''
` ` uh , you tell me or you do n't get a damn thing . ''
because sometimes she did ache for those things , but never would she reveal such a thing to this man .
only thing that stopped her was the suspicion he would ignore her .
he had n't been fed today , and the only thing he 'd gotten yesterday was a single scoop of slop .
while she could ensure information was filtered in the media outlets her family owned , she could n't do a damn thing about the ones they did n't .
mind over matter , that kind of thing .
if you think a little thing like shackles will stop me , you 're more brain damaged than i thought .
the wounded - animal thing made sense , though .
he had so rarely interacted with humans , and he had never had to explain this kind of thing .
` ` and so far you have n't taught me a single thing . ''
because the answer is the only thing that matters right now . ''
after that , there was no such thing as control , even shredded control .
probably wishful thinking on both counts , but hope was a silly thing .
his pleasure would be a thing of beauty , she had no doubt .
she knew she scraped her knees , but her adrenaline was so high she did n't feel a thing .
` ` the only thing i 'll miss from that house is the portrait of you .
but now i have the real thing . ''
grudges were born of anger , and anger was an ugly thing .
the only thing that disturbed him now was the radio silence from his demon .
i should not have asked such a thing of you .
or perhaps she just liked the kills to be made nearby , so that the first thing she would see when she awoke was blood and death .
` ` forceful little thing , are n't you ? ''
and so his pain had been magnified a thousandfold , and he 'd been too weak to do a damn thing about it .
only thing he had n't told them - yet - was haidee 's identity .
he said a determination like yours is a rare and precious thing , and something he respects .
and of course , ` ` fuss '' meant strider would find his intestines wrapped around his neck , breathing a thing of the past .
when he , a trained soldier , had n't heard a goddamn thing ?
she was a wily little thing , determined to leave him behind .
you mentioned the soul thing , yeah , but i ' m confused . ''
strider looked as if he wanted to argue the fire thing ; instead , he gave her another kiss .
but the passing - out thing ?
only thing they had in common were their expressions of horror .
ashlyn was a pretty thing , with hair , skin and eyes the color of a honeycomb .
every new thing she learned about him made her want him more , and made him that much sexier .
trust was a precious thing , and she would n't turn her back on his , no matter the trouble she courted .
she was a pretty little thing , with dark hair and dark eyes , a sun - kissed complexion and the kind of curves no father ever wanted his daughter to have .
she 'd learned a thing or two about bargaining .
she was such a delicate little thing , with her pointy ears and sharp little chin , and she flittered from here to there , always out of reach .
he must be saving that kind of thing for the princess .
his modesty was a thing of the past ; common courtesy had been forgotten ; and torment was a daily occurrence .
` ` you know , that 's the most wonderful thing i ' ve ever not heard , '' she said , petting her fingers through his hair .
her voice was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever heard !
` ` the only thing i 'll ever make you beg for is pleasure . ''
` ` i gave you everything , taught you everything you know , and only asked one thing in return . ''
and he would n't change a single thing about her .
afterward , we 'll talk about the marking thing , whatever that is . ''
now she could n't see a thing .
` ` i do n't feel a thing , '' she lied .
the only thing she saw was dirt , sand , and flimsy metal shelving .
and you do n't know for certain that getting the skull back will do a damned thing to change the outcome . ''
now to make sure that kate did n't suspect a thing , which was always the trickiest part of the job .
` ` i did n't sense a damn thing about her - so to speak . ''
` ` but i ' ve never seen a damned thing about human guardians , not in the lore , not out in the field .
this favor was the closest thing to a plan of action that sunny 's many sleepless hours had yielded .
maybe i had a thing or two to ask you . ''
` ` john would n't tell me a damn thing about rome .
i was still new at the whole shadow - game thing .
the one thing sure to push me into action .
` ` i 'll do what i want , when i want , and there 's not a thing you can do about it .
she knew i wanted to talk to her about the power thing .
he 's now in possession of your memories of me , which means he 's the closest thing i ' ve got to the real you . ` `
` ` there 's no such thing as bellidan . ''
do you have any idea how hard it is to fall in love with a woman when i can find out every damn thing about her ?
i knew the time would come that i 'd have to give them back to make you happy , and i did n't want to forget a thing about you .
chapter eight ` ` the first thing you will learn today is how to shoot a gun .
what a silly thing ... '' and it does seem like a silly thing , slamming your fist into someone else 's body .
i am divergent , so i am not nobody , there 's no such thing as ` ` safe , '' and i have other things on my mind than playing house with tobias .
` ` i do n't get what this thing is either .
` ` i understand why , with the whole will thing , but- '' ` ` that has nothing to do with it . ''
one thing dauntless knows that candor does not is how to fight even when fighting seems useless .
` ` it 's not even the marcus thing .
the only thing that stops me from going is the photograph in my pocket .
he makes the acquisition of knowledge feel like a secret , beautiful thing , and an ancient thing .
he makes the acquisition of knowledge feel like a secret , beautiful thing , and an ancient thing .
he 's been a little preoccupied with the whole ' genetic damage ' thing . ''
chapter forty - two tobias the first thing i see when i wake , still on the couch in the hotel room , are the birds flying over her collarbone .
` ` jesus fuck , this is the best thing i ' ve ever tasted . ''
when you like sweet things ? ''
` ` i get the whole secrecy thing , at least where the other guys are concerned , but if you two have called a truce , forgiven the whole ' misunderstanding ' '' -she put the word in air quotes- '' why not keep letting him fuck the stuffing from you until he leaves ?
only thing we need is the horn from the fire department .
she was the most adorable little thing on the face of the fucking planet .
it was the best thing i 'd ever tasted , after five days of coconuts .
and she thought holding her body stiff as i bench - pressed her was the greatest thing that could happen to a person .
i can understand why there 's such a thing as art therapy .
` ` the only thing you will get from me is the final blow .
this whole space - time continuum thing is all very confusing .
sadly , you would never understand such a thing because you 're just a human .
` ` that little thing ? ''
i pictured my parents and every wonderful thing about them ; how they 'd always cared , no matter how bonkers i acted .
it is the closest thing to love i will ever know , and this has to be enough for you .
the only thing missing was ... kinich .
i guess you could burn another part of your body if you wanted , but hair is the least painless thing to lose . ''
helena , a petite , little thing , looked up at me with her bright blue eyes .
anyone with a brain could see they were three inexperienced young women - yes , filled with passion and purpose and a love of shoes and all things shopping , in the case of helena and emma - but they did n't know the first thing about fighting wars .
anyone with a brain could see they were three inexperienced young women - yes , filled with passion and purpose and a love of shoes and all things shopping , in the case of helena and emma - but they did n't know the first thing about fighting wars .
the others do n't suspect a thing , but seriously ?
that 's the funniest damned thing i ' ve heard all day . ''
and then there was that whole saving kinich and antonio thing .
maybe the compelling thing was n't all that great .
the only thing that matters is that we are together now and that i will not lose you .
` ` the only thing i know is that the cosmos hates me and wants me dead . ''
and now , that little thing called logic , which he prided himself on having mastered many millennia ago , had deflated like a punctured life raft .
kinich , ex - sun god and the epitome of all things sunny right down to his skin , hair , and f**king annoying altruistic attitude , placed his palms flat against the glass .
i ' m digging your whole angry human vibe thing .
it would have made my life a whole hell of a lot easier , including accepting the whole immortality thing . ''
the only thing missing is ... '' ` ` move !
` ` okay , the only thing missing is a unicorn , '' he corrected .
that was the funniest damned thing i 'd heard all day .
give him the whole damned thing if he wants it . ''
and i ' ve felt your pain , which is the only thing i need to know .
but that does n't mean a thing , i thought .
plus , i ' m sort of over the whole greek thing .
i wanted to go back to my apartment and work on that whole hibernation thing again .
in truth , i was the farthest thing from tired .
he gets more pu**y flashed his way than a god damn gynecologist and he does n't do a thing about it .
after everything we went through to get to this place , i knew i would n't have changed a thing .
i blinked in exaggerated slowness , making it clear that i had n't heard a damn thing he had said .
i ca n't expect you to drive me to maryland in the middle of the night , '' i said stupidly , really not grasping why he would offer such a thing .
and even though my life went in a direction i had n't planned , i would n't change a thing .
why settle for a less than adequate substitute when i could hold out for the real thing ?
the hostess , a pretty little thing with dark red hair and pert little br**sts , brushed her fingers over cole 's arm and his grin grew wider .
i did n't say a damn thing .
17 after cole had left , i went back into barton 's and did n't mention a thing .
it 's the only thing that makes sense in my insane , f**ked up life . ''
` ` you do n't know the first thing about clay and me .
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about what i need !
she was the closest thing i had to a sister .
she was the last thing i thought about before i went to sleep and the first thing my mind went to when i woke up .
clay probably did n't want a damn thing from me .
crying over every tiny thing .
the thing i did n't think daniel realized , even now , is that so would i .
trying to twist this amazing thing into that something ugly .
in the previous incarnation of our relationship we sort of skipped the whole ` ` dating '' thing .
here we were , two months after clay had returned to davidson and i barely knew a thing about grayson or the people he had befriended there .
daniel 's beautiful face was the only thing i saw from behind my closed eyes .
night.what 's the weirdest thing you eat at home ?
but it goes hand in hand with the mind - wiping thing that we should talk about . ''
so i never asked for anything and only took what i was given - which was usually the last thing i wanted .
but the only real thing i had felt was the void , the place inside where william had touched me now a burdened reminder of what i had lost , and the only thing i could really see was the expression on william 's face when he 'd walked away .
but the only real thing i had felt was the void , the place inside where william had touched me now a burdened reminder of what i had lost , and the only thing i could really see was the expression on william 's face when he 'd walked away .
he 'd forced on me the one thing i 'd feared most in my life , then used my sister and son as pawns .
` ` i knew every goddamned thing , and all i wanted to do was help her ... save her .
she toed me in the rib , this playful thing that took my breath away .
that 'd be the last thing i took with me - the memory of her kind face mixed with that body .
i held it close and inhaled the fabric , because it felt like the most tangible thing i had of her .
and my nerve - wracked brain concluded one thing , practically screaming out loud , sweet mother of all things inhumanly awkward , please do not let him be planning to greet the new kid .
the whole rose thing 'll get dropped around here anyway , you know , 'cause it kinda sounds a little ...
` ` yeah , the whole ... fazing out thing . ''
you know , the fun we had , that kind of thing . ''
and what about the whole vampires are demons thing ? ''
the only thing left from that life now was mike - and i was so glad i at least had him .
since mum died , i 'd spent so long blaming myself and living with guilt and anguish that i 'd forgotten i was a girl of my own rights , and that there was such a thing as choosing how to feel .
the only thing i ever found down here was the memories - hidden behind shadows in the darkness .
` ` is n't that going a little far with the whole monarchy thing ? ''
this queen thing was suddenly growing on me .
so , does that work - you know , the whole mystical , alternative medicine thing ? ''
` ` you know i was joking , right - about the annoying me by breathing thing ? ''
he grinned , and that dimple - indent thing leaped off his cheek and hit me in the hard exterior .
` ` um ... i think the whole enchanted forest thing , you know .
but i did n't like the idea of that , or the whole tapping the shoulder with a sword thing .
the next thing i felt was cool lips on my brow , then the absence of arthur 's energy as i let myself slip away .
` ` so , how did you figure out the immunity thing ? ''
did you leave mind - blocks in place , or were you actually in those dreams with me , showing me all those things yourself ? ''
` ` there 's one thing they ca n't find , '' quaid said , and we all looked at him ; he grinned .
what you say goes , pretty little thing , so do n't feel as if you have to yell and scream about it . ''
and that left only one thing to gain in david 's inventory of death .
but when it comes to your safety , that is the very thing clouding his vision .
` ` she was a sweet thing , very much like you in a lot of ways .
` ` did you leave mind - blocks in place , or were you actually in those dreams with me , showing me all those things yourself ? ''
i could learn a thing or two from him .
` ` sweet niece , you must never ask me such things - for your own good .
last thing i remember is watching the circus .
` ` and another thing , '' nanny said .
i want to tell her that the only thing you get from walling yourself in is empty .
not because of the leg thing , but because i'm - uh - taken already .
the houcks have a knack for that sort of thing .
` ` does n't change a thing about how we feel about you . ''
if only you 'd stop thinking there 's such a thing as perfect , then you 'd feel a lot better about yourself .
i do n't hear a thing .
in fact , as i watch the wicked witch of the west peer into her crystal ball , i realize it 's probably the most comforting thing i ' ve ever known .
nobody ever said a thing about it , and i still ca n't find the words to ask .
not just the thunder , which still rings out occasionally , but the sound of the rain itself , beating down on every rock and tree branch in a loud drumming that makes it hard to hear a thing .
all this time i ' ve spent replaying that kiss , going over the whole day , and it does n't mean a thing to him .
` ` you want to know the weird thing ? ''
` ` i did n't want it to get messed up , like it did with kate , so maybe ... maybe i went too far , with the secret thing .
i have n't had a real conversation with kayla in a long while , but right now she 's offering the very thing i need most .
you know that thing where somebody says ` ` do n't think of an elephant , '' and suddenly , the only thing on your mind is just that : a whole parade of elephants stomping through your thoughts ?
what single thing can i think about that does n't have some garrett - related story attached ?
and here i am , abandoning him as if our friendship does n't mean a thing .
` ` i ca n't stand that whole new york hipster art thing .
` ` i know plenty about him , '' she argued , focusing on the real thing that mattered .
` ` he did n't say a thing .
so , with a flash of inspiration , i do n't say a thing .
that and the fact my anonymity is the most precious thing i have in the world .
will does n't say a thing until his plate is nearly clear .
i do n't feel a thing .
they finished their food in silence , but alice barely tasted a thing .
` ` i did mention that schedule ... '' ` ` yes , see , that 's the thing . ''
` ` alice , she 's barely in the frame at all - i ca n't make out a thing . ''
she 'd gathered every bit of data possible , studied the patterns and dates until there was nothing left to learn , but in the end , ella 's own words were the only thing that could give her some kind of explanation .
she 's just a little overwhelmed by the whole hollywood thing . ''
i do n't know a thing about the dark beings , autumn . '
i knew i was becoming unconscious and the last thing i registered before i retreated into my mind was a voice .
the thing that means as a sage , i can be singled out and targeted ?
the thing that means i am instantly identifiable as not belonging to the human race ?
the first thing i saw was the date at the very top of the paper ; no wonder the paper was so delicate - the letter was sixteen years old and had been written the day i was born .
ty 's eyes widened as he realized he was being assigned a bookkeeping babysitter , and there was n't a damned thing he could do about it .
` ` the only things connecting these cases are the little tokens the dude leaves with the bodies and the fact they all end up dead .
only thing i ' ve got back there is some broken hearts and a whole lot of red tape . ''
he had n't left a thing behind .
the really interesting thing that ty had remembered from this case was the identity of the victim .
he could n't remember a thing from the time he 'd walked out of the doors of the federal building until he woke in the hospital .
` ` and i obviously have so much respect for the whole being on the wagon thing , '' zane retorted , sliding off the stool and heading back upstairs to get his shirt .
` ` i did n't give a shit about anybody for five years , and then when i did , i did n't do a damn thing about it slipping away . ''
` ` the only thing we ' ve found that 's odd is a hole cut in the floorboards .
ty seemed to be coming around , gasping at the stale air as if it were the sweetest thing he had ever tasted .
` ` you did n't listen to a damn thing i told you , '' he said softly .
` ` even though i knew there was n't a goddamn thing you could do about it , '' he went on , voice getting louder as he allowed the emotion to break through .
his boy might die up here , and there was n't a damn thing he could do but sleep until daybreak .
but this ty not drinking thing ?
neither his face nor his normally expressive eyes betrayed a thing before he looked away and stood up .
zane was nt listening to a goddamn thing but the blood pounding in his ears and tys harsh breathing .
he literally did nt need to see a thing .
` ` i was good at this sort of thing once . ''
the thing you forgot ? ''
he could n't hear a thing but his own heartbeat .
the only thing i care about is getting your sorry ass to dc so i can go home . ''
he did n't say a thing ; they merely stared at each other for a moment before ty let him go and turned to dart into the tiny gift shop several yards away .
` ` i ' m really getting to like this whole slow burn thing . ''
the only thing preventing him from climbing right into zane 's lap was the steering wheel .
the only thing holding him upright was the lasso around his neck , but he raised his head and met zane 's eyes .
` ` he taught us just about every goddamned thing we know , '' nick muttered .
` ` maybe you should learn a thing or two about it . ''
the only thing zane wanted to see in ty 's eyes was pain .
the most shocking thing he found , though , was something he 'd always known was there .
he laughed , and it made zane chuckle along with him even though there was n't a damn thing funny about it .
` ` ty could n't tell me a damn thing about these people . ''
that 's pretty much the only thing i know the two victims had in common . ''
zane could n't see a goddamn thing .
he could have taught you a thing or two about it , '' nick said tiredly .
whatever had happened to ty and sidewinder out there , it had sapped the joy out of all of them , taken the very thing that made them capable of walking through hell and doused it .
i want you to take me to every baseball stadium out there and teach me every single little thing you know about the game because i love the way your eyes light up when you talk about it .
wesley parker is back , and coop better get the hell out of my way because there 's not a damn thing he can do to stop me .
and i ca n't find a thing out about this mystery child .
the quiet of the forest displaces the sound of bad music , and soon the only thing left to hear is the crush of pine needles beneath our feet .
they 're all turning , and there 's not a damn thing i can do to stop it .
she dips down on her knees as if she 's pleading before she ever asks a thing .
he does n't remember a thing about our old life in kansas , where we stole kisses on lazy summer afternoons .
there 's not a thing on this planet i do n't want to share with him , and being an ensign , whatever it is , will pull us that much closer .
there might be one more thing , but it 's a surprise . ''
there 's not a thing you can do to stop me , '' i tease .
laken and i are unified in soul and spirit with only one thing left for us to explore .
and now , here we are a hundred deep in a crowd of long forgotten humans who happen to crave the very thing we need to survive - brains .
sounds like you might be teaching him a thing or two . ''
wesley parker might be standing here in front of me with god 's own breath in his lungs , but there 's favorable evidence he does n't remember a darn thing about who we used to be , kansas , or the way his lips once covered mine like a habit .
` ` that whole tree house thing . ''
i hope she did n't feel a thing .
i have my first official date with wes tonight , and there 's not a damn thing she can do about it .
another thing about jax : she laughs at every damn thing .
` ` hardly took a thing with her . ''
who knows what things he 's unearthed about poor sweet , wes .
` ` i ' m buying dinner and the shoes , and there 's not a damn thing you can do about it . ''
the last thing i want is for us to start our marriage off with secrets - and with a sexual expose of our love life , of all things .
if molly is next door , she wo n't hear a damn thing .
` ` you know what they say '' -i go over and wrap my arms around him from behind- '' there is not a damn thing sexier than a man in the kitchen . ''
` ` i ' ve got just the thing . ''
but his dimples deepen as he bursts into another heart - stopping grin , and at the moment i do n't really care if he understands a damn thing about the king 's english .
my stomach does a revolution , and it 's only then that i remember i have n't eaten a thing since morgan made breakfast .
there is n't a thing in the world i do n't want to share with morgan jordan .
i did n't hear a thing after that but who the hell cares , because two freaking grand ! ''
i lower my lashes because that 's the very thing i do n't have .
i do n't want to hide a thing from you .
she 's not the biggest fan of me untying the apron strings , but the last thing i want her to feel is that skyla is a threat .
her red hair frames her face , and she does n't look a thing like skyla .
he would n't have been my first choice for giselle , but , then , love is blind , and giselle ca n't see a damn thing with that drug - induced haze he 's encapsulated her in .
skyla has been giving me the green light all morning , and i ' m not about to deny her a damn thing , that is , after i make an honest woman out of her .
` ` oh , hon , the only thing that will be cooking is gage once he slathers this all over your body .
the building could crumble over me , and i would n't feel a thing .
i hear so many great things about those kinds of places . ''
` ` i 'd like to know the same thing . ''
i ' m not dwelling on a single thing until i talk to my mother .
not that there 's anything wrong with that - it 's the reason i ' m dead to begin with , and i do n't regret a thing .
making love to gage is magic , a thing of beauty that leaves me breathless each and every time .
you ever hear of a thing called closure ?
forget this whole count unity thing .
it 's almost as if logan does n't remember a thing , and it scares me to death .
although , to be honest , i think the only thing he 's casting is bullshit aimed right at my mother .
i had an entire spiel set to go on how rotten he 's making brielle feel , and now he 's all but muzzled me with that whole glass house thing .
` ` oh , this reminds me , '' i say to logan while em and brielle prattle on about a baby 's feeding schedule , like either of them knows a thing about it .
` ` there 's no such thing as two number ones . ''
and i knew you did n't suspect a thing . ''
` ` there 's one more thing i ' m hoping to impress you with . ''
i do n't know a thing about the future we 'll have . ''
a train could run me over and i would n't feel a thing .
i knew i should have gone to town this morning and dived into marshall 's culinary buffet , but that whole miller - in - the - mirror thing sort of depleted my appetite .
` ` and another thing ? ''
and by the way , that whole vision thing you taught him has totally taken our relationship to a brand new level .
it might be the very thing that boys are taught in school - some code of ethics in gym or boy scouts on how to protect themselves from wayward vaginas .
sort of blows the whole giselle hiding out in a kragger body thing sky high .
the last thing in the world i want to hear is how gage and chloe converged in a union to deceive me .
in fact , drake could learn a thing or two from him . ''
` ` you 're still into that whole get - gage - out - of - your - system thing .
i glance up to find logan glaring at the counter like he 's just been robbed , and there 's not a damn thing he can do about it .
ten years from now when everyone 's waxing nostalgic for all things west paragon i 'd hate for people to think of logan , and the next thing that rolls off their tongue to be , he was such a douchebag .
i mean , i ' m all for living life to the fullest , but he 's got this whole live it up thing ass backwards .
` ` you have n't learned a thing from dealing with holden the first time .
` ` might i suggest you forget you ' ve ever set foot in here , and please , for the love of all things holy , stay away from that thing , '' he nods in the direction of the mirror .
more so , i ' m finding this whole tell the truth thing rather addictive .
i so do n't remember a damn thing ezrina did - although i did get to spend two weeks with the ex - dead love of my life .
we could douse each other with passionate kisses right in the middle of the dance floor , and there 's not a damn thing chloe can do about it .
but , i so agree about that whole count dracula thing .
` ` of course there will need to be lots of bling - i ' m talking diamond studded toilets , fountains with real cherubs peeing into the pool , that sort of thing . ''
the only clear thing i see is the light from the castrated moon .
instead , i see the last thing i want - a stark white room .
it 's the sweetest thing anyone has ever given me .
there 's only one thing ellis ever wants from me , and to be honest , i ' m sick of supporting his bad habit .
i ' m getting the feeling the only real thing holding marshall back from handing me over is the fact he wants to marry me . ''
it just keeps snowing like powdered sugar each time we move around upstairs , and there 's not a darn thing we can do about it .
i ' m still not sure this whole telepathy thing is a one - way street with him .
that whole time travel thing has definitely bit me in the ass , knee , and quite a few other places - i ' m not so hot on cruising around the time continuum anymore .
a light rain begins to pelt me , and i ca n't feel a thing .
hopefully lockjaw will set in , or she 'll hemorrhage internally in her sleep , because she wo n't tell me a thing .
the blade is pushed so far down that the base of the handle is the only thing rising up out of my flesh .
what 's with the whole blood brother thing ? ''
i think he 's got like this competition thing with logan .
one thing 's for sure , i ' m determined to change my future and there 's not a damn thing anybody is going to do about it .
` ` it 's some otherworldly thing .
` ` a two - year - old could teach my brother a thing or two - or twenty . ''
the only thing he was allowed to provide was our education , and , even then , i went to public school up until my sister died .
ford 's sky - born eyes are the first thing i see when i walk in , and i freeze .
i make my way back into the hall and pause at the desk of the pretty young thing reapplying her lipstick , this time a garish red - dragon 's blood red .
i do n't have the nerve to ask him a thing .
who knew that deep down inside , ace is the very thing i ' m terrified of .
i think he 's right , i ' m drunk off night magic , and it has me fearlessly asking for the very thing i ' ve always wanted - ace himself .
and , now , i ' ve added that very impractical thing to my ever - growing carnal bucket list .
she 's twenty and does n't listen to a damn thing i say , so it 's mostly lip service , but i know he needs to hear it .
` ` i mean , that little pesky thing called the truth has f**ked up more relationships than i can number . ''
a part of me wants to hear him offer me the one thing that i long for .
i have the furthest thing from an mba .
i shove a bite of tenderloin in my mouth because the age difference does n't mean a damn thing to me .
i 'd like to show him a thing or two , starting with my knuckles .
his bare skin against mine feels like the most erotic thing in the world - hard and hot , chiseled in all the right places .
who needs this whole edjumacation thing anyway ? ''
` ` the only thing i ' ve scored lately is a clean bill of health per my last physical . ''
but now that we 're ditching work for a little alone time , i ' m seriously reconsidering that whole air of mystery thing .
tonight was meant to be about you and me , and the only thing i ' ve found out about you is that you 're good with people , you do n't like your steak well done , you used to have a kitten named hitler because it looked like he had a small moustache , you wanted to be a farmer when you were younger and that your favourite shirt is my rolling stones shirt .
mention one more thing about work , and i 'll take you right here .
i quickly scanned my room in hopes that i would find another chocolate bar lying around and groaned in annoyance when the only thing remotely close to a bar was the wrapping from two days ago .
` ` you always were a little thing . ''
jill is the closest thing i have to a sister , and i miss her like crazy .
` ` not a fucking thing , '' he replies with frustration .
` ` sassy little thing , are n't you ? ''
` ` but you should n't have to , that 's the thing . ''
god , she 's such a tiny little thing .
` ` impatient little thing , are n't you ? ''
the only thing i hear is the pounding of my heart in my ears and the rush of blood leaving my head .
it 's the damndest thing .
` ` are you sure about this whole having another baby thing ? ''
` ` bossy little thing , are n't you ? ''
chapter sixteen ~nic~ ` ` i was n't listening to a thing anyone was saying all the way through dinner , '' matt informs me as he unlocks his apartment door and ushers me inside .
not missing a thing , i ' m sure .
i was just kidding about the whole being naked thing .
blake does n't miss a thing .
` ` i ' ve never understood the whole let 's punish the cake by smearing it all over each other thing , '' will says with a frown .
i do n't know what drew 's working on , other than me , because i do n't think he 's accomplished a thing this entire period .
i do n't think she misses a damn thing .
my jealousy is a living thing .
but not because of the lip ripping thing , though that is compelling . ''
i look at the pennies and up to the fountain and wonder if there is such a thing as magic or miracles .
the last thing i hear is the sound of the bones in my hand being crushed and then there is n't anything anymore .
i ' m seriously hoping they have some ice cream here , because without words , it 's pretty much the only thing i ' ve got to work with .
i want to hit him for it , and for so many other things , but there 's a part of me that knows that i just do n't need one more thing to be pissed at myself about tonight .
` ` i do n't know , '' i answer , because it 's the only thing i do know .
sarah never , even though it was her right , asked a thing from fazire in all her years .
eyes that did n't miss a thing .
she said it in a way that meant he was good at every kind of thing .
the only thing nate could see was a big picture frame on the battered dresser , in it the lily he knew from eight years ago was hugging a dark - haired man while a woman with white - blond hair hugged lily from behind , her head on lily 's shoulder .
she knew he did n't miss a thing .
he was talking on the mobile but also watching her , watching them , and not missing a thing .
it was n't often that nate felt hope so when he did , he knew it was a precious thing .
` ` i wo n't transfer the money , '' he allowed , giving her that one thing as he 'd be taking away everything else .
` ` and i would n't change a thing about you , except to erase what you ' ve been through , '' she told him , snuggling even closer .
` ` i do n't have to listen to a thing you say , '' lily snapped and turned to maxine .
and that was not a nice thing to know about yourself .
callum 's eyes came to her but she stared at his shoulder angrily at the same time pretending she was n't hearing a thing .
even the smallest thing , callum , she might not understand .
now , with her scent that lingered in the room and his wedding band held in her lifeless hand , it was the only thing he had of her that held any importance .
it was the most exquisite thing i 'd ever seen .
edwina thankfully pretended she had n't heard a thing .
neither of which i could do a thing about .
another thing he did n't get was that there were other women who bought cars on their own without a man attached to their hip and speaking for the both of them .
he knew she did n't feel a thing except extreme excitement dad was taking her on an outing and bringing the frisbee with him .
` ` you get one more thing , '' he told her , ` ` and that is to explain what you wanted from this . ''
it can not have escaped your notice they do n't get along and i know this because you mentioned that exact thing to me .
` ` the only thing i do know is that you 'll find a way . ''
` ` you 're right , jasper , imagination is a powerful thing . ''
merry opened his eyes but he might as well have kept them closed because he was n't giving a thing away .
she 's a pretty little thing but about twenty years older than she actually is .
he 'd never been to the ' burg but he knew where to get coffee and where the police station was , two things devin glover was sure to take note of on any assignment .
i love it and i would n't change a thing . ''
rocky needs her mother and the only thing she has left is memories so she 's going to be allowed to have them . ''
the top of the snow had refrozen with the frigid night but i did n't feel a thing , i was too angry .
i was weirdly deflated the cherry stem knotting thing had n't impressed him .
` ` listen , mike told me about the cherry thing and the straw thing .
i tried not to look at his house as i moved through it but even though i tried , i saw that it was likely he had n't changed a thing .
they were long , they were wordy and the pastor who spoke at both knew not one thing about sam ( nor did mom arrange it so anyone else could say a freaking word ) .
before he could do a thing about it her head came forward and veered to his left .
` ` tomorrow , first thing , you need to write a list . ''
` ` only thing i know is , she was cut up about angie maroni , '' julie said .
so drunk , he did n't remember a thing .
he never thought a thing of it considering her disposition but now he feared he knew why she 'd changed .
colt tasted of toothpaste when he kissed me and i thought it was the best thing i ever tasted in my life .
not knowing one thing about cars , i still knew this as the wife grew openly alarmed when the discussion carried forward to become not about two elderly gentlemen wishing to own a ten - year - old buick but two elderly gentlemen wishing to best one another .
the good news was , watching mickey ( who alyssa was correct , even not knowing a thing about boxing , it was not hard to miss he was quite a bit better at it than junior ) , my panties did n't get drenched .
the only thing i know is that they 're worth the effort . ''
` ` that 's another thing i do n't get , '' claudia muttered .
i did n't want to miss a thing .
and when queen aurora gets in a state ... '' bess trailed off , saying it all without saying a thing then finished , ` ` we did n't have time . ''
and , by the way , viola was very pretty and she did n't look a thing like me .
i thought it was beautiful and wanted to go back and check it out but , uh ... when you , um ... explained you are who you are and you can , uh ... do what you can do , well ... '' his eyes came to mine and i stopped talking when i saw not one thing in them , nothing , not happiness , not confusion , not an indication he was humoring his idiot wife , nothing so i whispered , ` ` so , i guess i thought , you being you , you needed to have this . ''
not one gods damned person has , since her death , given one single thing to me . ''
but i had noticed he was n't letting that slow him down and i also noticed that none of the other men said a thing about it , called attention to it or treated thad any differently .
a higher being , an omnipotent power , a divine creator , that kind of thing , '' i explained .
this , especially this , did not sit well with me and it is the only thing that took me a great deal of time to come to terms with .
you hold your spirit close to the surface for all to behold and it is the most beautiful thing i have ever seen . ''
another was , of course , him telling me the spirit that shone from my eyes was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
that was why i did n't know about the rosa and dash thing .
i 'll not earn one more thing from you ! ''
` ` honey - '' his elbow bent and my body took on more of his weight as his face became the only thing i could see .
` ` the last thing i remember is losing consciousness . ''
you put it right back where you found it , diggin ' through my clothes , i might add , and after , you did n't change a thing .
i had taken not one thing in when we 'd arrived there days before .
` ` it is n't like you have n't been confronted with this very thing , repeatedly , '' he reminded me gently .
that said , it gave me a niggle of unease , for it was very clear not only the dress and shoes , but especially the jewelry , were costly and it was yet another thing that apollo gave me that made me feel strange .
but it did n't make me feel a thing .
and the look on his face was hot , sweet , and like all things apollo , beautiful .
her voice was no longer rising , it was loud when she yelled , ` ` you do n't know a thing about me ! ''
she had n't forgotten a thing .
her head tilted back to look at him , not thinking one damned thing was funny .
they had n't heard a thing that would herald a visitor .
the minute abby 's eyes hit mrs . truman she thought the only thing missing was a priceless tiara extracted for the festivities from the tower of london and a dozen bodyguards .
now , it was the shining knowledge of the same thing .
but , the family had showed no signs that the slightest thing was amiss .
jealousy , and he knew exactly what the feeling was , there was not a thing vague about it , was eating at him .
* * * * * when she was in her teens , ruby fairfax helped nick to investigate the murder of lady ruby ashton ( the children were eventually told of the lovers ' release but that was the only thing they were informed about regarding that night ) and the sommersgate house curse .
the very thought of those words made her shiver and , she had to admit , this shiver had not a thing to do with fear or gloom .
five months would not be enough ; two weeks had n't done a thing in assuaging his lust for her .
there was , he knew , no such thing as magic .
the last time he did n't remember a thing .
sibyl heard as scarlett said , ` ` story time over , folks , time for us to leave , '' and she was shocked at her sister 's ready defection but too overwrought to do a thing about it .
he could n't understand her reaction because he knew she did n't have a thing to hide .
not about the chauvy - and - bourgie - whatsit , do n't know a thing about that , but he 'll do , '' mrs . griffith agreed and then giggled like a schoolgirl .
i guess that 's that , '' mags stated with a sliding clap as if she was cleaning off her hands after a messy task even though she had n't done a thing .
` ` the whole ' scotland thing ' ? ''
they 're good friends , it 's natural and it does n't mean a thing to me , '' prentice stated and when dougal looked dubious , prentice approached him and said , ` ` no ' a damned thing , mate . ''
this was an effort that worked ; she gave not that first thing away .
there 's whipped cream and cherries and i chopped up some nuts ... '' she hesitated when his face changed in a way she could n't read but she valiantly forged ahead mostly in order to get this over with , ` ` if they like that kind of thing . ''
carver took this all in , not missing a thing , especially not the fact that jason shared his father 's unusual eye color .
elle shook off those sweet , funny things and asked , ` ` is everything okay ? ''
sally seemed not to notice a thing .
she was a sweet young thing , efficient and organized and had been with prentice since he started his firm .
mikey just watched the couple , his face soft and he did n't say a thing .
they were veterans of jack 's loving demonstrations and did n't notice a thing .
` ` i ' m not sure but my guess is , love 's a powerful thing . ''
` ` love 's a powerful thing , mate .
if i found rosie first , and got the diamonds back to their owner , then i would n't owe lee a thing .
then teddy was pulled away , someone touched me with something and after that , i did n't remember a thing .
too late , i 'd landed on the glass and rolled away , hoping nothing cut me but i was too wired to feel a thing .
` ` so ' how ' is a showing thing , not a telling thing ? ''
then i looked at lee and realized all that , plus whatever this new thing was , still rested firmly on his .
` ` we have n't talked about the second thing you forgot , '' he said to me , his hands settling on the counter on either side of me .
` ` okay , then , your favorite color is a boring piece of personal information that does n't tel me a thing about you . ''
that was the only thing i did n't need .
tex , daisy and ada gave the only thing they had to give , seeing as they were n't surgeons , nurses or miracle workers , they gave comfort and we took it .
the first thing humbled me , the second thing embarrassed me .
` ` the only thing i want in this life is a piece of happiness for those i cal my own .
i could tel she was n't going to do a thing about my current situation though , likely because she agreed with everyone else .
doing that meant i had to check on you since the only thing we got , except arrest reports and his name linked to various pieces of scum , is the trail he left through you . ''
it was n't until after we were sitting eating burgers that i tasted my latte and , even cold , it was the best flipping thing i 'd ever tasted in my life .
the only nice thing i have is a dress i wore to a colleague 's wedding two years ago and it 's a summer dress and now it 's november .
this , '' he said , one hand dropping to my bottom and pulling my h*ps into his , one going up my back to press my torso to his chest , ` ` is the sweetest thing i ' ve had in my life and i have n't even f**ked you yet .
that was another thing i did n't need .
i heard the bathroom door close and i realized vance was n't listening to a thing i said .
he ca n't hear a thing , '' ike informed us .
` ` the only thing i know about my culture is what i ' ve read in books .
i decided this was not a good thing especially if vance had figured out the same thing .
she was a tiny , little thing and she watched us coming , her eyes leaving vance only once to slide to our linked hands and then to gaze momentarily at me .
not my weight ; not my dad ; not my sisters and mother ; not my years - long crush on luke ; not him punching out the boys who called me fatty , fatty four - eyes ; not him sitting next to me on the stoop after my dad left ; not our embrace at his dad 's funeral ; not my promise and breaking it with my non - return of luke 's calls ; not rick , dave and noah ; not dom ; not sandra whoever - she - was ; not luke cuffing me to him and his bed - not a thing .
` ` you always were a pretty little thing but now , '' she leaned in .
i do n't trust a goddamn thing that comes out of your mouth but your body , that i trust . ''
but i did have the whole fistfight thing to throw in his face .
i could tell his control was slipping and i could n't do a thing about it .
no matter what i did , how hard i worked to gain his approval , his respect , to earn anything , even a little thing that was good from him ; i 'd never be a boy .
that boy walked into your life and you did n't give him a f**kin ' thing , ' cept your music .
why do i have to live in fear of being murdered even though i did n't do a damn thing but fal for mace , like , ages ago ?
wel , i need to learn the same thing .
` ` you do n't know a thing about me , '' i retorted acidly .
not only that but eddie and lee were n't doing a thing to stop him .
i screamed in his face and watched him wince and his head jerked like the raw emotion in my voice was a physical thing , a hard , sharp , painful slap .
and i knew not one single thing was funny about this particular situation .
as for the rest , everything that was him , top to toe , was the thing of dreams .
the only thing i got is pictures , and they mean shit to me .
it was slightly manipulative to drop the darius thing , because duke might be rough and gruff but he looked out for the crew .
and ava told me the best thing they could give you was something you 'd appreciate .
he gave me nothing ; not a look , not a smile , not a thing , and he was gone .
` ` and that , smithie , is a beautiful thing .
` ` but what you need to know and never forget is that the love and stability you ' ve given them since you ' ve had them is the most precious thing they ' ve had in their lives .
not a blasted thing .
i despise those who think the only thing they have to flaunt is their beauty and ability with the pianoforte . ''
the dowager was a tiny thing , and one would n't think it to look at her , but she had a frightful glower that could singe the flea off a dog at ten paces .
in fact , the only thing for which bridget could rely on anthony was that he was completely unreliable .
i do n't see a thing .
` ` i have the most wonderful thing to show you . ''
she refused to back down just because the man in front of her had issues with americans and apparently all things coffee .
the last thing he wanted to do was think about certain liberties with kessen before dozing off .
he turned the note over to look at the back ` ` that 's the only thing the kidnapper left ? ''
it also made him wonder if what she saw in mr . de jarlias was the same irritatingly attractive thing he saw in evelyn .
it 's more likely , in the case of a competition of drinking between us , you would be passed out before i would feel a thing . ''
chapter six for being such a feisty little thing , she was quite easy to manipulate when she was feeling ill .
not that it would have changed a damn thing .
` ` you 're not doing so well with the whole stringing - words - together thing . ''
he knew every vulnerable thing about me .
i made a mental note to thank him - for finally allowing me to have one thing that was n't his .
she would n't remember a thing in the morning .
over that whole ' secrets ' thing .
and now ... '' i cursed and punched the brick wall , blood coursed down my knuckles but i did n't feel a thing .
that was the last thing she needed to know .
the last thing i wanted to talk about .
i made small cuts down my arm , but the pain did n't make me feel a damn thing .
chapter thirty he 'd almost agreed to do it after i explained things my way , and when he was still hesitant , i offered him one more thing i knew he could n't refuse - would n't refuse .
the human body did n't start with the brain or the legs ... no ... when we were conceived ... the first thing doctors searched for ?
he was the closest thing to family i had and now i was throwing a giant - assed wrench in our friendship .
` ` it just means when you reach the end of your rope , you should n't regret a damn thing , but applaud yourself for trying to do the impossible . ''
they wo n't feel a thing . ''
but happiness was the farthest thing from her mind .
no , the last thing he needed was to be reminded about how bitterly unhappy he was .
` ` but i did n't feel a thing .
` ` well , yes , i did n't feel a thing immediately , that is , until i tried to get back on my horse and that 's when i began to wail like an adolescent girl . ''
or are you so young and innocent that i ' m going to have to explain every little thing to you ?
to think that a man would willingly ruin her was the most amusing thing she had heard all day .
and although his father was dead , by his own hands nonetheless , he refused to give him one more thing to boast about in hades .
but what she wanted , what she needed , was the very thing he had n't once offered since his recovery .
and all because he extended the one thing his father never had .
but the thing of it was ... well , it would n't budge .
` ` no , i imagine a pirate will be the furthest thing from your young wife 's mind .
the only thing that sounded even minutely relaxing was a cup of hot tea in her father 's old study .
the last thing she wanted was to be cooped up pretending to write to family members whose only response of late had been to inquire if she had indeed broken the curse and married the brute opposite her .
rosalind answered the affirmative ; in all honesty , her eyes had been so thoroughly trained on his broad shoulders that she had n't heard a thing .
the youngest , isabelle had chestnut hair , blue eyes , and was a petite little thing .
he wo n't think a thing of it .
the only thing i can make out is the words beware the black forest . ''
the walls of bedlam will be the first thing she sees when she awakens . ''
the last thing she remembered was the wine and stefan and ...
` ` please , phoenix , please give me this one thing .
i 'd like to think i 'd come a long way with the whole anger - management thing .
` ` i know every damn thing . ''
a sacred thing .
elizabeth 's whirlwind was coming for them , for everyone in town , and scary as it was , nadia 's witchcraft might be the only thing that could stop her .
her power was so vast that she could do her worst right in front of people , without them ever knowing a thing .
there was no such thing as a love spell ; love sprang into being of its own accord , and that was all there was to it .
asa was giving her the one thing she needed most , the one thing she could n't get any other way : knowledge .
asa was giving her the one thing she needed most , the one thing she could n't get any other way : knowledge .
the only thing more compelling than love is power .
her eyes had been wide , like she was drinking in every single thing she could learn , everything the world had to offer .
she remembered her mother 's voice in her head : love is the only thing that makes life worth living .
that 's the first thing i want the other marguerite to see .
` ` i do n't know that practicality is the most important thing . ''
we drank wine in the winter palace ; i 'd honestly forgotten there was such a thing as an age limit .
when he starts humming ` ` in my life , '' at first it 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever heard .
then i realize the first thing i need to know .
` ` joseph does n't remember a thing except for the lies we told him .
yes , the necklace thing was weird .
i promise you , mara , you wo n't feel a thing . ''
daniel said genetic memory is n't a real thing . ''
which brought us to the second thing we learned , though we kind of already knew it - kells was obsessed with finding a way to correct ` ` the anomaly , '' having blamed it for her infertility .
i am struck dumb and thoughtless with the sense that i do n't know a thing about this person until she speaks my name .
that is a thing that makes sense .
she was a little thing , but she was so perfect .
blaire finlay was the closest thing i had seen to perfection in my life .
the first thing i saw was his back .
` ` back to the whole killing - cassie - and - hiding - her - body thing .
it could be worse , this whole memory thing .
` ` i heard she does n't remember a thing , '' whispered a girl .
there was a moment when i wanted to spew everything that i 'd been seeing , because there was a part of me that recognized julie on some kind of internal level , but the last thing i wanted to do was come off as someone crazy .
` ` i do n't remember a damn thing . ''
feeling utterly defeated , and angry , and resentful towards cassia for keeping the one thing from me that i need , i shoot up from the sofa , accidently knocking my portable tray with my dinner over onto the floor .
then i say , ` ` but fighting is n't the only thing i want to learn - i want to learn everything you can possibly teach me : manipulation techniques , controlling pain , everything ... '' nora raises a brow .
there is no such thing as a break .
maybe it was the weed and the alcohol , but before too long i was talking to camryn about , of all things , tampon brands and eventually the best kind of shampoo .
she 's wearing no makeup , of course , and although she looks tired , physically and mentally , she 's still the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen .
the last thing i see are rian 's teary eyes staring back at me .
even if he did n't know a damned thing about this woman , he would realize she was a force of nature .
it did n't matter she could n't see a damn thing in the darkness .
` ` why would she give such a thing to me ? ''
uriel might have laughed if he did n't sense the same damned thing .
the only thing he knew about the mysterious baby that laylah was hiding was that it was somehow connected to the return of the dark lord and that the female vampire , marika , was desperate to get her greedy hands on it .
victor had requested that he go in search of the captured gypsy , he had n't said a damned thing about protecting the female from the hordes of beasts rumored to fill the underworld .
` ` well , there is that whole reflection thing , lover , '' he said in dry tones .
` ` no , there is no such thing as inevitable , '' she said firmly .
oh yeah , this vampire knew a thing or two about kissing .
and there was n't a damn thing she could do to stop it .
` ` a mate is n't the same thing as a wife , is it ? ''
could n't do a damn thing .
he was n't revealing a damn thing .
she had n't done a thing to lure viper from his shell .
` ` i ca n't see a damn thing in this dark . ''
` ` the only thing i long for is some peace , '' levet growled .
below her viper remained stretched on the hard rock , his beautiful ivory face and long silver hair only thing visible in the darkness .
` ` no , the whole smelling thing .
the last thing he desired was to be drawn into some domestic squabble .
she was a beautiful thing .
sisters seemed like a wonderful thing to possess .
it was the sort of thing that could tremble through universes and alter destiny .
` ` they have yet to catch on to the whole cell phone thing .
` ` still , it truly pisses me off that those oracles hold you like a dog on their leash and then refuse to grant you the one thing you desire . ''
the ancient ring might not claim the same magic as her emerald , but it possessed the one thing he needed to find her .
she stopped not far from the entrance , unable to see a damn thing .
ignoring her command , the ... thing moved forward to peer down at the vampire , and then , of all things , spoke with a lilting french accent .
if she decided she did n't want to discuss what they 'd just shared , then there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
it was also the closest thing to a clue she 'd found all day .
` ` bossy little thing , is n't she ? ''
damn , the woman did n't miss a thing .
` ` you should n't be wandering around on your own , sweet thing , '' the imp drawled .
harley did n't fully understand the whole goddess and chalice thing , but she did grasp the most pertinent fact .
she bit back the urge to tell him that this mating did n't change a thing between them .
` ` sucking power thing , should n't i ? ''
a pity there was n't a damned thing he could do about it .
and , of course , there was always the whole immortality thing .
he did n't know a damned thing about prophecies , but he had seen the peculiar symbols lining the walls of cassandra 's cave .
she wanted to slap the bitch without knowing another thing about her .
` ` none of which told me a damned thing . ''
bad news was , he did n't know a damned thing about them .
if marika had taught her nothing else , it was that sharing blood did n't mean a damn thing .
her feminine vanity had been the first thing to be taken from her by the ruah .
well , the resurrection certainly had n't done a thing to diminish the creature 's arrogance .
` ` they have n't done a damn thing to help so far .
the thing was ... unnerving .
and there was n't a damned thing she could do to stop him .
the only thing caviar is good for is smearing on your front teeth for primo photo ops .
` ` i ' m really not the person to ask for that sort of thing .
he kicks , connects with my side , but i do n't feel a thing .
` ` young love is such a beautiful thing . ''
the last thing i remembered was the instant pain of her fangs sinking into my neck ; the slow agony as her poison filled my blood .
as long as i still met my dad for lunch , he would n't suspect a thing .
there really is only one thing you could give me , sofia . ''
the last thing i remembered was cora 's face as i 'd faded off into slumber .
` ` you really are quite a lovely thing , are n't you , vivienne ?
no matter how i got beat and cut up , my body could barely feel a thing .
the only thing i managed to take with me on my journey was my backpack - filled with sacks of blood , a change of clothes and my wallet .
to top that , i did n't do a thing to help them out while i was outside the shade .
i did n't feel a thing .
gavin spat the words out like it was the most laughable thing he 'd ever heard of .
the next thing i noticed was the surveillance cameras .
it seemed the only thing we had in common was anna .
i was breaking into a cold sweat , but i could n't remember a thing about the dream i just had .
when i reached her , however , i could n't say a thing .
i did n't want to go into the whole thing with apprehensions circling my mind .
those nights were no substitute for sunlight , but they were the closest thing to light that i had in a place like the blood keep .
surely with all the knowledge he accumulated , he 'd know a thing or two about pregnancies .
how would you even know the first thing about being a mother when you ' ve never even had one ?
the only thing you have to offer that we do n't have is the location of the blood keep .
it 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
` ` the last thing i remember was you leaving me in the bedroom .
it was as if he wanted to commit the entire thing to my memory to access at a later time .
` ` see , that 's the thing , derek , '' he said .
if only she had known that what i had planned for her was the furthest thing from merciful .
it occurred to me that the only thing stopping me from drinking from the witch up until now had been the threat of banishment .
the mirror is so fogged that i ca n't see a thing .
he does n't have to say a damn thing .
and i do n't know a thing about him .
he does n't say a thing , and i ' m officially over this conversation and the emotions being brought out of me .
all that extra training , all the late night sparring sessions and psychology lessons ... maybe i have n't learned a damn thing since james .
shaking his head , he answers with , ` ` i know i do n't owe you a damn thing .
` ` well , he 's the closest thing i have to a dad .
` ` bob is the closest thing i have to a father , but i was brought here as an orphan when i was just a few weeks old .
my voice shakes with anger as i answer , ` ` not a damn thing . ''
i do n't say a thing .
music is a beautiful thing .
marco looks straight ahead , not giving away a thing with his expression .
i ' m almost worried when he does n't say a thing , just watches me intently .
serena sent him another note , hoping that she could at least give abi this one small thing .
` ` it 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever read . ''
the important thing was that her tears would n't have a single thing to do with the man who 'd had the nerve to sneak into the barn and squeeze in next to her in the already crowded pew .
as a professional dancer and choreographer , lori was always in motion - but , at the same time , she did n't miss a thing .
` ` i ' m sorry , i should n't be wasting your time- '' ` ` you do n't have a damn thing to be sorry for , '' he said , cutting her off before she could finish her apology .
` ` nobody 's perfect , '' he said with a smile that did n't do a thing to mask his desire .
but it had taken him less than ten seconds of watching her read to his little nephew to realize that all the brilliant analysis in the world did n't mean a damn thing when it came to love .
even through her veil , he could see all the love she felt in her eyes as she smiled at him , her joy a living thing .
it did n't look like a single thing had changed , and he was glad to see it .
once he was there , he could n't do a damn thing but breathe her in ... and relish every single inch of her body against his .
not when he knew from the start that he did n't have a damn thing to give her ... and would only end up hurting her in the end .
he did n't know a damn thing about love , but the sinfully pleasured look on her face as she took a bite of the decadent cake had his mouth watering .
no , he was n't sure about a damned thing anymore .
but need had him spiraling out of control again , and apart from protecting her soft curves and the back of her head with his hands against the tile , he could n't do a damned thing to stop himself from pounding into her , or from kissing her hard enough to bruise her lips .
since he had such a big thing about not wanting to ` ` strip away her innocence , '' she 'd take any room for potential guilt out of his hands by stripping it away herself .
* * * rafe could have kissed her all night long , and never wanted to let her go , but there was one more very important thing he needed to give to her , something she had asked for again and again .
he thought he 'd known about love once upon a time , but he had n't known a damn thing about what love really was .
he 'd searched every corner for dust , had prayed for so much as a pillow to be out of place , but he had n't been able to find one single thing to complain about .
and yet , even though he 'd lived with her for nearly a week , and even though she 'd just come apart in his arms and it had been one of the most beautiful things he 'd ever experienced in thirty - five years , he still did n't know a damn thing about why she was on the farm .
` ` i know how hard it is to lose someone- '' ` ` you do n't know a damn thing about how hard it is ! ''
in his experience , forgiveness was the hardest thing of all .
affection was such a simple thing for her , and now he knew where she 'd learned her capacity to love : from her family .
in gravity , both the hero and heroine were stubbornly convinced that love was the hard part , when the truth was that love should be the easiest thing of all .
smith had been telling stories for long enough to know a thing or two about pacing .
after he grabbed their food and they sat down , despite how hungry valentina was , she knew she would n't be able to eat a thing .
his mother , it turned out , had always seen it , but then again , when had she ever missed one single thing for any of them ?
she nodded in answer , but knew she would n't be able to eat a thing until they talked .
did n't she know she did n't have a damn thing to apologize for ?
feeling like an ass for even thinking about hitting on her , especially when it had barely been three hours since they 'd reconnected in person after so many years apart on separate continents , he said , ` ` only problem was , he got her pregnant with twins before he admitted a damn thing to anyone .
` ` it 's the best thing i ' ve ever tasted . ''
even though vicki doubted she could swallow a thing , she ordered a fruit salad .
but first he needed to make sure she understood that all the miles currently between them did n't mean a damn thing ... and would n't stop him from loving her just as thoroughly as he would have if they were standing in the same room .
there is n't one single thing tying me to san francisco . ''
damn it , he needed to stop wasting time analyzing this thing with heather .
chapter twenty the first thing zach noticed that evening when he stepped into the large ballroom at the fairmont was heather 's laughter .
she 'd always taken his breath away , without doing a damn thing to try to accentuate her natural beauty .
of course , she had n't forgotten a thing about that earlier kiss .
he 'd never apologized for a damn thing in his life , but he would say the words over and over to her until she believed him .
what she would n't give to shock him , to show him that he did n't know a darn thing about who she really was , that the ` ` nice '' girl he 'd seen grow up was more than woman enough to run him in circles .
i promise you , intercourse is n't going to hurt a thing .
he was n't her husband and not only would they not let him go back to her , they also would n't tell him a damn thing about how she was doing .
his mouth moved up into a smile at her words , but the smile never reached his eyes , could n't do a thing to extinguish the fire in them .
so many things clicked into place for megan in that moment .
marcus had n't taken a single thing from her .
her face was on the white side , too , and she was n't doing a damn thing to erase the horror on her face at seeing him again .
` ` well , are n't you a pretty little thing ? ''
the irony was n't lost on him that the very thing she did n't want was now what he needed most - to reconnect with her even in that one small way .
` ` you do n't know the first goddamned thing about her . ''
it was n't that it did n't mean a damn thing without love - of course her success meant something .
all he 'd needed to do was look at her like she was n't worth a damn thing ... and she 'd believed him .
even though they were in french and she could n't understand a thing , she had a feeling it was n't a list of the virtues of falling on his butt .
a woman who was raised on gourmet food who was now eating his stew like it was the best thing she 'd ever tasted .
they 'd agreed from day one she 'd pay him a reasonable trainer and board fee but it had been well over a month and she had n't given him a thing .
` ` now that you 're my wife , i only need one more thing to be complete . ''
frankly , the power of the maker was about the only thing that frightened her .
tilting her chin up , she said , ` ` if you think this simmering aggression thing is persuasive , you 're wrong .
he had n't said a thing about his search for jim heron , or how he 'd found the address they 'd met at .
` ` the whole thing about coming forward was just a mental exercise to me .
but after years of being in the field , the one thing jim knew to value as much as his own competence was intel - information was always the best weapon and the strongest shield you had against your enemy .
devina was n't about to lose her stylist , and he was just a medium in all this , a pass - through point that would n't remember a thing .
and , as much as he trusted heron on some levels , he was n't saying a damn thing about going to manhattan .
they are n't going to find a damn thing . ''
devina had n't been able to do a thing about it : she had gone to the final scene , concerned by his gesture to that reporter , ready to interject herself at the most critical juncture - only to find nigel standing guard like some kind of morally justified mastiff .
funny , he had n't noticed before how much grass there really was - but with his bum leg , he 'd been learning new things about what distance really meant .
point me in the right direction - that 's the only thing i need .
you wo n't see or hear a thing .
` ` i promise to be a perfect gentleman , '' he tacked on , since she seemed to be on the fence about the whole phone call thing .
would n't feel a thing . ''
the sex had n't meant a thing to him , though .
in the back of her mind , she took notes on as much as she could absorb , well aware that she needed to remember each part of this , the whole thing .
the only thing that registered was the sound of the water clapping under the cribs - a good reminder to watch where you were going so you did n't fall in- ` ` ouch ! ''
` ` yes , i hit a ... '' well , she was n't too sure what the thing was , but hard - as - a - rock certainly covered it .
history was the only immutable thing anyone , mortals and immortals alike , had - and even that changed depending on what you knew of actual events at any given time .
` ` well , there 's only one other thing i ' ve got for you , then . ''
but he did n't say anything else , the whole by - the - short - hairs thing shutting him up .
somehow , he doubted these subtleties were the kind of thing sissy needed to hear about .
the last thing he thought of as he drifted off while still propped against the door was n't a thing at all .
at least , she assumed that was what he 'd said - she could n't hear a thing .
god , the woman 's voice was as soothing as a gentle hug , the kind of thing that made you want to pour your heart out , even if it was n't in your nature .
if you remember ... only one thing out of it all ... you must keep this with you . ''
but you ca n't say a thing , you ca n't do a thing about it .
she did n't hear a thing .
but the motherfucker did n't say a thing .
the whole sex - with - layla thing ...
unfortunately , the problems that had gotten alluded to over there were about the only thing in that ` ` just about anything . ''
well , that and the whole no - engine thing .
lots of people shouted back at bella , but he doubted she heard a thing .
` ` you are not in a position to demand a thing . ''
he should n't have said a thing .
and as he came in great spasms , he was milked by that mouth - and man , that suction kept the release barreling through him , great waves of tingling pleasure sweeping from his brain to his balls , his body hitting a different plane of existence altogether - without warning , he was flipped over with a rough hand , his body handled like it did n't weigh a damned thing .
no one said a thing as the walking about continued .
and then ... well , there was the blay thing .
and that did n't change a thing .
the words were spoken clearly and slowly - and they were the one thing that blay could n't really handle .
shit , that mating thing probably should have occurred to him - and maybe that was why qhuinn had jumped out of range when v had appeared .
the only thing he could see was the line of light that came under the door at floor level .
he blacked out before he hit the ground ... ... and when he regained consciousness , the first thing that registered was the ow - ow - ow of his head and his ass .
while v 's sister shuddered again , like a female 's cycle and the whole baby thing was nothing she was interested in , beth put the tray on top of an antique bureau .
and the whole needing / kid thing was n't the only thing hanging over her .
love was such a beautiful thing .
maybe the whole conception thing really was too dangerous to mess around with .
her br**sts were the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen : she was perfectly built , her ni**les tight on top of the pale swells , her skin smooth , her breathing a taunt to his self - control .
` ` still not telling me a thing . ''
wrath just stared straight ahead even though he could n't see a thing , his brow tight behind the bridge of his wraparounds , his aura black as his hair .
trez took control easily , coming at the bastard from behind , grabbing onto the head and snapping it around so that the only thing keeping it on the spine was the skin .
none of the things they talked about on television , no vera wang dress , no champagne waterfall , no dj or place setting or party favor mattered .
which turned out to be the best thing abalone had ever tasted .
it was n't like any of those women had meant a goddamn thing .
was it too much for me to keep the one tangible thing i had left of her ?
you really have the angel - living - in - the - garden - of - evil thing down . ''
she was death encapsulated in perfection - a frightening thing to behold .
i did n't do a damn thing , '' trenton said , clearly unhappy about it .
the police had already been by jim 's and spoken to trenton , so i was n't letting on that i knew a damn thing .
there 's no such thing as magic . ''
the whole communicator thing was still so cool .
` ` there is no such thing as coincidence . ''
the only thing we know is it had to be someone with division seven access or higher .
` ` is n't that the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard ?
the man moved like he did n't feel a thing , dropping the kid in a heap of too - thin arms and legs in front of renna .
whoever he was , captain finn's - hunter's - dislike of her was almost a tangible thing .
now to explore the most beautiful thing she 'd seen all day : racks and racks of clothing .
just because you knew me seven years ago does n't mean you know one damn thing about me or my life now . ''
i ' m not giving you a thing until myka is back safe and unharmed .
you wo n't feel a thing .
you wo n't feel a thing . ''
the only thing i do know is that i 'd like to be with you when this is all over so we can figure us out . ''
` ` you do n't know a damn thing , '' renna spat .
i ' m sure she did n't feel a thing . ''
max does n't say a thing , just squeezes his arm around my shoulders in silent support .
i bite my tongue and ball my fist in an effort to not go out there and show her a thing or two about manners .
he was a cantankerous , irritable , ancient bastard who did n't know a thing about tenderness or the gentle nature of a female .
she laid her head back on his shoulder as she murmured , ` ` you still have n't explained the king thing . ''
i would n't change a thing about you and i damn well would n't do things differently .
the only thing that they lacked was a soul .
` ` riley , there is no way that you are going to be able to go in there and fool those guys into believing that you know a thing about underground fighting . ''
` ` but she 's on this thing about not assuming she wants what she wants . ''
` ` we could learn a thing or two from them . ''
i was literally devastated that my own mother could look into my eyes and not feel a thing .
` ` you can have the real thing you know . ''
` ` what real thing ? ''
the only other thing you should know about me is that i have one friendship that i cherish above all others .
` ` yeah , when we saw her with you at the library , he said something , but you know he wo n't do a thing .
clementine was my best friend and i would n't change a thing about her .
the only thing stopping us from having naked one - on - one contact were her silky panties and my boxers .
` ` neither of us seems to know a thing . ''
i stood there , waiting patiently , unable to see a thing as the room was pitch black .
but i would n't have changed a thing .
i ' m a man , i should n't let every little thing bring me to tears .
` ` i did n't want to add on another thing to the ' that poor girl ' list .
but the world is out there , and it understands that the illusion of knowledge and freedom is not the same as the real thing .
no one there suspected a thing .
he 'd known lila was going to die , and he had n't done a damn thing to stop it .
knox could follow me all he wanted , but that was n't going to change a damn thing .
` ` i ' m not going to say goodbye to him , because you 're not going to do a damn thing , '' said knox .
` ` we are not going to do a thing .
no one suspected a thing . ''
there was a perfect circle made of crystal , and it was by far the most incredible thing about the hall .
` ` he said his name 's xander , and he 's gorgeous and smart and funny and cute- '' ` ` you ' ve already said that , '' i said , but she continued on like i had n't said a thing .
it was such a small thing , but the hint of affection in his voice made my cheeks warm .
the first thing i heard when i awoke was pounding on my door .
` ` that 's a horrible thing for you to use against me .
the whole - falling for someone thing , being with them ... even with the kissing , i ' m not very good . ''
it is not an easy thing , immortality .
and in the twins ' case , it 's especially bad , because the only thing keeping walter from reversing his decision is his pride .
if that idiot of a girl knew a damn thing , she 'd have known that calliope was n't just any goddess .
` ` if you know where to look , you can f ind an opening into the underworld and travel through various caves and that kind of thing , '' he said .
the last thing i had that i did n't have to share with her evaporated .
i did n't have to do a thing .
but the thing you have to understand is that before now , he did n't have a reason to try .
henry does n't have to do a thing . ''
of course she would ask that sort of thing ; she was ava .
she 'd known , and she had n't done a damn thing to stop it .
not that you would understand the first thing about love . ''
ava had ripped the most important thing in the world away from me .
he 'd known , and he had n't done a damn thing to stop it .
was n't pride the very thing that had nearly lost me henry and my mother and immortality in the first place ?
even if he did , he 'd still be looking at calliope like she was the most beautiful thing in the world .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about planning a war . ''
one of the other men in the jacuzzi murmured to his friend , ` ` you can talk to me , sweet thing , '' and they chuckled together .
` ` it became almost a game , to withhold the one thing he wanted most . ''
` ` every little thing ? ''
maybe , since he 's a short - timer , he 'll be more prone to recruit you right away , to help you along , to talk about his activities , that sort of thing . ''
he even acted like him - a little disheveled and disorganized , often absorbed and seemingly inattentive , although he rarely missed a thing .
the last thing he remembered was getting out of the truck ... ? .
she was n't sure if he was out of condoms , or he was trying to withhold the one thing she wanted more than any other - to feel him inside her again after so long .
for one thing , he does n't seem to be aware that david was looking into her case . ''
` ` the only thing i remember is that he 's from coeur d'alene . ''
isaac could n't hear a thing , had no way of knowing what their visitor was doing .
she was going hungry , and because she would n't accept anything from him , there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
` ` still , i ' m not opposed ter teachin ' ye a thing or two about workin ' on yer back - since ye already know everythin ' about coal minin ' .
there did n't seem to be a damn thing she could do about it , though .
and as long as it 's not against the law , there is n't a damn thing you can do about it . ''
she also got to tell him that she finally had a job , and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
she had n't done a damn thing except try to regain her equilibrium .
she managed to open the document he wanted , but she 'd never worked in excel , did n't know the first thing about it , so the nerves she 'd experienced during her typing test began to reassert themselves .
5 chief stacy banged on the door first thing the next morning .
sometimes the slightest thing could make her ill . too much stress .
for one thing , he 's quite a bit younger than you . ''
dylan had n't heard a thing .
she did n't want that kind of thing from him ; she wanted it from joe .
no one could tell them a thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as total control .
he did n't tell you a thing . ''
after all , bella had the one thing simon cared about most .
you ' ve hardly eaten a thing ! ''
` ` that he never saw or heard a thing . ''
grace did n't usually call her with that kind of thing , so she knew this must be good .
but this was stillwater , mississippi , and the only thing smaller than the town itself was the minds of the people living in it .
` ` see , that 's the thing , '' he said .
stillwater 's future mayor had taken grace along with his boys , so his intentions seemed honorable , and there was n't a damn thing anyone could do about it .
kennedy has n't mentioned a thing to me .
when he killed her and her teenage son , no one would question a thing .
so the safety of gloria rickman 's sisters was n't the only thing keeping him up at night .
` ` only the real thing . ''
whether she truly believed it or not , sebastian was about to meet his maker , and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it .
` ` and she wo n't suspect a thing . ''
and he does n't know a thing about sam or he would ' ve raised a fuss . ''
her entire world was collapsing , and there did n't seem to be a damn thing she could do to stop it .
even better , jonathan would lose zoe , and he would n't be able to do a damn thing about it .
` ` you said you ' ve learned a thing or two about investigatin ' crime since you moved and wanted to help me solve jason wyatt 's murder .
she needed reassurance - reassurance that john did n't know and would never find out the one thing that would , without doubt , destroy their relationship .
but you never see a damn thing . ''
that was the one thing missing from the puzzle .
he 's never indicated a thing like that to me . ''
careful to muffle her footsteps - she was positive they 'd announce her presence to the world - she slipped between the house and the garage , where the first thing she saw was a pile of at least thirty garbage bags full of trash .
the only thing i need right now is a ride to the car rental place so i can get a second set of keys . ''
beverly could n't hear a thing above the tv .
ordinarily , she would ' ve had to motion for phillip to keep his voice down , but at the moment they could shout and dustin would n't hear a thing .
` ` and you have n't been able to do a damn thing about it so far . ''
but the hardest thing , the thing i will never get over , is the senselessness .
but the detective had n't been able to do a damn thing about it because he had n't left any evidence .
at least , she did n't know the one thing that really counted .
he honestly did n't care , but that seemed to be the very thing that pushed her over the edge .
david wanted to continue denying that lynnette was capable of any such thing .
` ` the fog was so thick no one could see a thing , keith , '' elizabeth said .
` ` not a thing , buddy .
` ` brent does n't know a thing , '' she said .
even though his reputation did n't have a damn thing to do with any of this .
which meant , crazy as it seemed , he was the closest thing she had to a friend .
` ` it 's that watched - pot thing .
unless her body finally cooperated , there was n't a damn thing she could do about getting what she wanted .
if buddy did n't love her , all the soft - spoken words in the world would n't change a thing .
but there was n't a damn thing he could say or do about any of it because what happened in rebecca 's life was none of his business .
and now everyone stops by the house on sundays to buy your pies , and when they walk away they say , ' that delaney 's just about the sweetest thing .
i do n't need someone who does n't know a damn thing about cooking or ranching . ''
the wind whipped at their horses ' manes , their clothes , their cold , raw faces , but conner did n't feel a thing .
she did n't like talking to him ; he could tell by her unwillingness to elaborate too much on any one thing .
because it did n't mention her purse - just his name and number - it would n't have meant a thing to her even if she 'd seen it .
he acted as if he did n't hear a thing .
once he got over his initial surprise at finding rod on his doorstep , he said he did n't know a thing about the trashed motel room .
the only thing that i got was information on the scottish covenanters of the seventeenth century . ''
` ` every time i come down here , we have to share one new thing .
the only thing i found was the same black - and - white , again and again , of josh standing beside the river seine , staring sombrely at some fixed point in the distance .
` ` more like that whole atheist thing . ''
` ` a pretty little thing you are . ''
my mom taught me that the only thing that matters in life is hard work . ''
` ` i did n't see any such thing . ''
that was one thing zeus could n't take from me .
but eros is the sweetest little thing i ' ve ever seen .
it may be the only thing he wants , but it 's not exactly a small request , and the thought of never seeing hephaestus again - of never feeling that warmth , of never getting to be with him - makes me ache in a way i ' ve never ached before .
but no matter how many times he repeated it , he was wrong , and neither of us could change a thing .
` ` they 're taking this whole ganging up thing seriously , are n't they ? ''
even if i still do n't believe you about the whole god thing . ''
but time did n't mean a damn thing when it came to love , and as i stood there , rocking back and forth and trying to force the world to right itself , any last ounce of hope i 'd had disappeared .
i could n't do a damn thing , and he knew it .
after having kept persephone for so long without allowing her the freedom she had craved , the notion of giving calliope the very thing he had n't given her was intoxicating .
there was no such thing as freedom , not in this country , and if knox was serious about framing benjy for his crimes , then there was no telling what daxton might do to him for treason .
somehow i doubted the word meant the same thing here as it did back in the d.c . educational system .
the only thing that really matters in the end is how we choose to live . ''
there 's no such thing as a bloodless revolution .
my skin , too , has changed , and i feel the air as an almost solid thing against my arms and face .
her tone implies he should not be suggesting any such thing .
she is such a charming thing . ''
or perhaps it is no living thing i sense but the soul of one of those men who died so violently on the battlefield .
` ` the last thing i remember is an insistent , soul - searing voice spewing venom and lies . ''
once they have , the first thing i see is a pale orange glow from the four charcoal braziers set around the room .
unable to see a thing in the gloom , i light a candle before i move toward the shelves .
while some of the nuns might wonder why it came to me directly , others will know of my talent for ferreting out information and should not question such a thing .
` ` in the moment of your death , the desire to redeem yourself becomes a physical thing , like a rope you can use to pull yourself back from the edge of drowning . ''
i do not know if it comes from mortain or arduinna - although why she would offer me such a thing , i can not fathom .
if she denies there is any such thing behind her decision , then i will ask if it was she who tore the page with my name from the convent register , and if so , why ?
i can not see a thing .
and while it is not surprising that he would claim such a thing , if you see no marque on him , then that bears him out somewhat . ''
he looks taken aback - almost affronted - that i would think such a thing .
she smiles , but it is a pale , watery thing that hurts to look at .
this thing that she 'd started , just in the last few hours , to think of as a gift .
like the one thing she was n't telling him was the only thing he did n't know about her .
` ` i ' m just saying , '' he went on , ` ` maybe there 's no such thing as enough . ''
` ` i loved that little thing .
i kissed the side of cc 's head , ` ` they can handle it , and you barely weigh a thing . ''
` ` well , let me show you a thing or two about a line drive . ''
a girlfriend is the only thing i would think that would really affect knox .
she does n't let me leave a thing out , trust me i tried to leave some of our more intimate moments out but she knows me too well and does n't allow it .
she had the whole guilelessly undermining thing down to an art .
the only thing i know is that i ca n't trust you . ''
he had n't felt a thing .
ian lathered peanut butter on another slice of bread , folded it in half , and crammed the whole thing inside his mouth .
but i do n't say a thing - i just listen to you say them over and over again , because they are what you need to say .
the only thing i kept out were the photographs of my friends and family , placed on a wall with photographs of your friends and ( less so ) family on the other end , as if they were meeting for the first time , still too shy or wary to mingle .
in return , i would n't have to do a thing besides stay out of the way .
it 's just some thing that our culture has come to spin itself around , mostly so we 'll procreate , and we 're the dupes who fall for it over and over and over again . ''
but if i ' ve learned one thing , it 's this : it 's not the easy things that let you get to know a person .
it 's the thing that all the songs are written about , the thing that makes smart people act stupidly .
it 's the thing that all the songs are written about , the thing that makes smart people act stupidly .
from what i could tell , the only thing he exported were long - distance phone calls , and the only thing he imported were business partners .
from what i could tell , the only thing he exported were long - distance phone calls , and the only thing he imported were business partners .
i did n't want them to hear a thing .
when you dance , you measure distance as if it 's a solid thing ; you make precise judgments every time two bodies exist in relation to each other .
because that is what it took for us to crawl into the naked silence , into the truth of the thing , into the doomed and the brave .
my eyes are open and i ' m not seeing a thing because i am so lost inside .
control was a tenuous , fragile thing , one reason she tried so hard to go numb and not feel anything at all .
the first thing you learn is to get out of populated areas .
sometimes he wondered if there were any survivors from his pod ; they would be the closest thing he had to family , but he 'd never gone looking for them .
give a stupid man the pretext of power , tam had said , and he will never question whether it 's the real thing .
and i know a thing or two about security systems and engines . ''
jael racked his brain for a thing of beauty , but most of what he had , that he cherished , had come from her .
` ` you think there 's such a thing as morale in a place like this ? ''
` ` the ' black hole of suck ' thing . ''
it was n't the kind of thing you could ask politely .
but here 's the thing , ty .
bemused , i saw my mom 's point about the time - warp thing .
you did n't make up the whole thing about the stories , did you ? ''
` ` if you seriously want to be my friend , the first thing you 'll learn is not to ask certain questions because i wo n't answer . ''
is that a thing ? ''
in fact , my dad argued with me on the subject ; he said that was n't even a thing and that i probably just was n't ready to admit i was gay yet - not that he wanted me to .
another thing i liked .
use present tense , make sure they felt safe , and at the end i could honestly say i never promised them a thing .
if you keep looking for perfect , the real thing is going to pass right by you . ''
i never knew if it was going to be him coming out or some dewy - eyed young thing that looked like she had been through the sex spin cycle .
chapter 8 rome i was sprawled out under the pool table , trying to get the stupid thing level , when several pairs of worn motorcycle boots were suddenly the only things i could see through the legs i had jacked up off the floor .
brite asked me to keep an eye on the place for the next few weeks and i do n't know a thing about bartending . ''
i could n't remember the last thing in the entire world i had found humor in , let alone while i was in the middle of trying to get laid .
she was just a tiny little thing , part filipino , with jet - black hair and a smile that went on for days .
it was the only thing i ever really wanted from you . ''
saint did a good job of reminding me that my mother 's opinion held no weight for me anymore , and that the people that mattered in my life adored who i was and they would n't change a thing about me .
that she would n't change a single thing about me .
he was trying to hurt me , but really he gave me the one thing i always wanted . ''
i gave my head a shake to clear my vision , because the move had n't done a thing for my headache .
she was the sweetest thing i had ever had my lips on .
i knew that sex was just a thing to him , a way to find instant gratification , a way to intimidate and control , but to me it was something different .
novak 's obsession with having me under his thumb crossed over the border into insanity , and if i took that step , took away the one thing he wanted so desperately , i felt like it might just throw him off his game enough to buy my brother and my girl some time .
he paid all the house bills and gave me money on the regular anyway , so i figured it would n't kill him to let me have this one thing for myself .
lastly , unlike my fellow citizens , i have the ability to recognize that healy is simply an extremely small place in the middle of a very large place called the united states , and that the united states is itself also just a small place in the middle of an even larger place called the world , and that makes much of what is discussed in and around healy inconsequential in the grand scheme of things .
we 'd kiss for a long time , and then he 'd take me to dinner where we would n't eat a thing because we would be too busy talking and laughing and falling in love .
my blood is roaring in my ears , and i ca n't hear a thing but the harshness of our breaths and the slick sound of our sexes battering against one another .
` ` no , i ' m not into the hair dragging thing .
` ` no one can see a thing . ''
she examines the cut on my side , her fingers tracing gently around it , but i barely feel a thing , too busy watching her watching me .
lila fretfully glances over her shoulder at ayden , who does n't say a thing .
` ` can i just learn one tiny thing about you ? ''
is that even a thing ?
the only thing i have is the address on the envelope the letter was in , but that was from over six years ago .
i do have a small knife in a holster hidden inside my boot , but how the hell am i supposed to get it out when my hands are bound and i ca n't see a damn thing ?
when i wake up , drenched in sweat , my hands warm with the memory of blood painted on them , i barely so much as gasp , barely feel a thing .
the only thing that lets me know i did n't dream the attack is the bump on my head with a bit of blood caked in my hair , the red marks on my wrists where he gripped me roughly , and the pain erupting through my body .
but i think the real thing that gets me more than the secrets , the thing that 's clawing at my skin , is that i ' m here right now , in this place , the crappy person that i am , the person who kills and f**ks men for a living , because i had to settle a debt my father got into with frankie because he what ?
still , i should at least challenge him , but at the same time i ca n't give up the one thing that brings me a drop of peace in the murky lake that 's become my home .
` ` you know , you ' ve always been kind of weird with the whole heroin thing , but you ' ve gotten a little more preachy the last week and i ' m starting to wonder if it is n't just a coincidence that it started happening a lot more when nova showed up . ''
that 's the last thing quinton and i need .
i just want to escape it all and go back to living my promise to lexi , continually seeking forgiveness from her , knowing i 'll never get it and that eventually i 'll die and never have to feel a thing again .
` ` you know , i remember right after , i was sitting in the hospital , getting a few cuts stitched up , which was pretty much the only thing i had from the accident . ''
` ` so you 're not into the back hair shaving thing . ''
` ` just one thing ? ''
the problem is , my eyes are fully open and i ca n't see a damn thing .
and now i ' ve added one more thing to that list .
and maybe if you 're lucky , i 'll let you know a thing or two about me . ''
then came that thing i ' m all too familiar with .
and the thing that nearly kills me every time i think about it .
but with too much free time on my hands , the damn thing started haunting me and i finally cracked .
the first thing i discovered is there was no way my mother even took the time to read it before she sent it to me and she should have .
` ` look , i get the whole drinking thing .
do n't feel a thing .
` ` you like watching men play texas hold'em , sweet thing ? ''
but luke tangles his fingers with mine like it 's the simplest thing in the world .
she 's about four or five inches shorter than me , brown hair , blue eyes , thin - basically a little tiny thing .
' just this whole visit with the therapist thing , ' i lie , stilling my fingers .
' so this ' - i gesture at the ground with my hand - ' is the first thing i want to show you . '
i must have been playing this game for too long now , because in a twisted way , this whole cookie thing made sense .
the only thing left in the bag was a clipboard with a single piece of paper attached .
as for cottontail , from what i understood of the darts , he would n't remember a thing .
and also , the whole naked dreams thing was really starting to get to me .
` ` you know , the thing thing . ''
` ` you 're joking about the secret lair thing , right ? ''
or maybe you were wondering about the whole ' current zee ' thing ?
and somewhere , on the other side of the globe , nameless , faceless government operatives were counting on me to hack into a system i did n't know the first thing about .
i paid no attention to her words , as i was caught halfway between berating myself for not thinking of the map coordinates thing ( i mean location , duh ) and giving in to the itchy feeling in my brain .
the next thing i heard was the sound of the copier .
just like there was n't such a thing as a female alpha .
besides an attack against the shadow 's twin , that was the only thing we 'd found that even approximated weakness .
and the only thing that stood between me and chase - my chase - was a distance i could feel the boy in question closing mile by mile , heartbeat by heartbeat , second by second .
the only thing that was n't 100 percent clear to me was why .
` ` but lucas said shay made some kind of deal with your mother , and whether or not the rest of the coven knows a thing about shay , i can promise that he knows about you . ''
` ` he might be able to teach you a thing or two about control - that is , if you plan to stay ? ''
just like that , it was as if the words i 'd spoken were completely uninteresting , like my warning that valerie was messing with his mind was the most boring thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` you 're a curious little thing , but i do n't need to be in your head to win this fight - or any other .
i took the things that were most me , the secrets i guarded most dearly , the dreams i 'd see die before i revealed them , and i folded them into a tiny ball , tucking them away in my heart , in a place that went deeper than words or fears or emotions .
when i dream , he 's got me exactly where he wants me , and there 's not a blessed thing i can do about it .
the thing i 'd discovered earlier tonight .
that was n't the kind of thing that scientists could understand .
that thing , that intangible thing that other people have that lets them form connections , that lets them matter- you do n't have it .
claire knew , logically , that was the kind of thing that would mess with a person 's head .
he was making these faces like it was the best thing he 'd ever tasted .
sex was still the same for me , but he could n't feel a thing .
another thing that would n't leave my mind was the fact that she 'd contacted her ex .
after all , at the end of the day i knew family was the most important thing in life .
you do not have to say a thing .
leave it to me to take out my anger on shalan , who had n't done a damn thing to deserve it .
` ` there 's one thing in particular that i really want . ''
i 'd lost the girl , and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it , so i thought .
this was the last thing i needed in my life .
that is the sweetest thing , tyler mitchell .
however , i did have one thing that he did n't .
since i 'd already taken away everything she loved , i did n't have another thing to strip from her .
the way i see it , that thing is null and void !
hell , i do n't know a damn thing about flowers .
of course , colt was wondering the same thing .
she was worth the fight and if i had to do it all over again , i would n't have changed a thing .
i 'd promised to be with a man i was trying to take down and the only thing i could dig up on him was that for once he was being honest .
the one thing that caught my eye was a bunch of envelopes postmarked from my father .
the last thing i thought of was ty and how much i wished he was with me .
miranda , the last thing i remember is drinking that drink .
` ` if you 're talking about the heather thing you should know he told me .
as serious as conner was being , i do n't think ty was serious about one single thing .
looking back now , i would n't change a thing .
it was the most rapid , most beautiful thing to hear .
you are the cutest little thing . ''
ya see , alcohol is a funny thing .
this woman must have thought i was bi - polar , and i was beginning to wonder the same thing .
you did this , and there is not a damn thing you can say or do that will ever fix it .
the first thing you need to know is that from the first day we met , as infants even , i loved you .
i was shocked that after all these years he still remembered the little things , where branch had never asked or noticed that , and we lived together .
` ` that was the only thing standing between you being inside of me .
the last thing i wanted to hear , after i 'd already made peace with things , was a whole spiel of reasons why i should forgive them .
kids were the last thing that i wanted in my life .
the only thing i can see coming out of that is a low kick to that precious area of yours . ''
with me , what you see is what you get , sweet thing .
` ` wow , the only thing i ' m learning from you is how to lose . ''
none of them had meant a damn thing to me , so it was n't even worth bringing up .
you been here for nearly six months and nobody knows a dang thing about you , cept for what they read about .
mack had always made me feel uneasy about being naked , but ford , not knowing a thing about me , looked like he wanted to eat me up .
` ` i wish you would have , but we both know you did n't do a damn thing to stop her .
she had n't forced her way into my life , just offered this one thing to try to make me happy .
he never said a thing about ashley , except for the fact that he hated her .
he never asked for a thing and brought me back here .
the only thing i know about joey is that he likes women and does n't want to be tied down . ''
i thought about her upsetting call and how i had n't heard a thing from her since .
you have to understand that i do n't know the first thing about relationships .
the only thing honest about that was the fact that i had a brother , who in turn had a wife .
i ' m not watchin ' that thing come out of you . ''
the only thing i asked for was a phone .
` ` he did n't have a thing that they wanted .
the dessert chefs at mythos could definitely learn a thing or two from her .
` ` for one thing , i do n't have a date .
i 'd take every little thing i could get right now , starting with an explanation .
the two of them never suspected a thing .
` ` because i did n't pay attention in myth - history class , so i really do n't know the proper etiquette for the whole talking - to - a - goddess thing .
` ` you 're to learn every single thing that you can from him , gwen .
there are supervil ains in my comic books who could learn a thing or two from you . ''
i did n't always notice every little thing when i touched an object and flashed on it .
i did n't see anything - not a thing .
the chefs here so could have learned a thing or two from grandma frost when it came to baking .
for a moment , nickamedes seemed shocked , like i was n't supposed to notice how much he disliked me or how he went out of his way to needle me about every little thing .
vivian 's whole face lit up at the sight of the ring , like it was the most important thing in the world to her .
well , except for the whole gwen's - supposed - to - kill - loki thing .
` ` it looks like you ' ve hardly eaten a thing .
and i could n't do a thing to stop her .
self - sacrifice is a very powerful thing , especially if you do it of your own free will .
but the only thing i saw was the endless rise and fall of the blue - gray ocean , and the only thing i felt was a smooth , constant motion , as if i was bobbing up and down like a fishing lure riding the tops of the waves .
but the only thing i saw was the endless rise and fall of the blue - gray ocean , and the only thing i felt was a smooth , constant motion , as if i was bobbing up and down like a fishing lure riding the tops of the waves .
poison is a tricky thing , especially a magic - based poison like this one .
` ` she did n't feel a thing . ''
it 's a little thing called free will .
the first thing that popped into my mind was her driving lucretia through my chest , the sight so vivid that i thought she 'd really done it for a moment .
he was perhaps the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen , even lovelier than nike herself .
they wo n't mean a thing until i meet her , though , will they ?
` ` i ca n't see a damn thing .
` ` yes , kismet is a wonderful thing .
i do n't feel a thing . ''
he 's got this scientific thing with figuring out a swing . ''
someone should really get on to the whole a title thing .
the first thing i remembered after waking up as a reboot was a shrill yell bouncing off the walls and ringing in my ears .
i ' ve got that sweet little girl pegged , even if she 's a complicated little thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as friendship between them and us - only business .
fuck , i know more about you than i wish i knew because i would not change one thing ... one thing ... one word ... of the ten - inch file i have of you ... on my f**king desk . ''
but blood is a curious thing . ''
` ` no such thing as love - remember that !
i ' ve got a little thing that you don't - it 's called privacy . ''
he 's holding me as i lie , luxuriating in bed , when he lifts my hand up to his mouth and he kisses the second most precious thing he 's ever given me in my life .
raine wore a pair of severe , black - framed glasses but they did n't do a damn thing to soften the impression .
` ` i realize , '' she said coldly , ` ` that these days there is no such thing as a guarantee of privacy .
` ` then i think you can pretty much forget the whole cooperation thing .
the next thing she heard was a woman 's voice , charming and vivacious .
` ` i should probably tell you that the experts claim there 's no such thing as telepathy , though . ''
` ` that kind of thing can affect the dream state in people like us . ''
there 's no such thing as true mind reading , you know that .
luther could n't see a thing except the other man 's aura .
` ` couple of other things you might want to know about this kind of thing , '' fallon said .
` ` remember what you said about the society being the closest thing you ' ve got to a family ? ''
similar to a taser except you wo n't feel a thing after the first jolt .
` ` no such thing as a perfect family , '' jake said .
they make their own tortillas , and according to dad , who knows these things , they serve the best green corn tamales in the valley .
` ` what 's this tropical experience thing , exactly ? ''
` ` the fugue state thing . ''
` ` well , now you know that you did n't forget a thing , '' clare said .
but the only thing jandj has at this point is a murky outline of a group that appears to have recruited some society members into its ranks . ''
` ` roberta brinks , the director of mirror house , told me that nathanial eubanks had a real thing about mirrors . ''
the only thing i can figure is that he knows about the million and a half bucks . ''
it was the only thing that made any sense . ''
` ` there 's such a thing as an illegitimate librarian ? ''
the only thing i miss about phoenix is the year - round golf . ''
` ` darn , i ca n't see a thing . ''
` ` but the only thing missing is my laptop .
` ` this thing is starting to sound more complicated by the minute . ''
` ` one more thing you should know about gwen frazier , '' sam said finally .
the only thing that seems clear is that the crystals inside the geodes can generate power of a paranormal nature .
` ` one thing i do know about zander is that he was an excellent liar , '' gwen said .
` ` the talking - to - ghosts thing . ''
` ` no point reopening those investigations because i do n't have a damn thing more in the way of evidence .
i was going to pretend that i could n't see a thing wrong in your aura .
` ` the celibacy thing .
but then i recalled that the one thing you never lacked was the devil 's own nerve . ''
` ` but , dad ... '' ` ` but do you know what the roughest thing of all is ?
it was such a small thing , this new position of the table , just a minor adjustment in his everyday world .
once colby gets back , he probably wo n't tell me a thing .
if the necklace snapped his neck , there was n't a damn thing i or curran or anybody else could do about it .
` ` ca n't see a damn thing in that muck . ''
it was the fact that there was such a thing as a mr .
but i figured you were also an authority on one important thing .
there 's just one more thing i need . ''
you really are into this work - has - got - to - be - a - transcendent - experience thing , are n't you ? ''
` ` that 's another thing , anderson .
` ` one thing i do not have is other plans , '' he said .
i taught gabriel madison many things , but there is one thing i did not teach him . ''
` ` when hartes and madisons get together in eclipse bay , there is no such thing as a private life , '' elaine said .
` ` is this where you tell me that the only thing gabe wants from me is sex ? ''
` ` now i ca n't see a thing . ''
` ` we 're not going to do a damn thing .
the thing that should really concern him , he thought , was that he was working even harder to come up with reasons to call her one more time .
one thing was indisputable , however .
` ` wish i could help you but i did n't see a damn thing last night .
` ` i did n't do a damn thing to sandy . ''
` ` the only thing we want from you right now is a lift back to the total eclipse so that we can pick up our cars .
the last thing he remembered was the feel of the bed hangings floating down like so many silken cobwebs , tangling him in a snare he did not think that he would ever be able to escape .
and there 's another thing that guarantees you a place of honor in our fair town . ''
well , i was n't his employee , and the only thing i wanted from him was adam pierce , preferably hog - tied .
realistically , the only thing i could hope to get out of any relationship with him was a couple of nights of glorious sex .
` ` i ' m excellent at only one thing : destruction on a massive scale .
` ` the only thing you need to know tonight is that scargill is a level five killer . ''
she sits right outside belvedere 's office and she does n't miss a thing . ''
` ` a guy who would know a thing or two about sleeping potions , '' ellis said softly .
not the same thing as a real meat loaf , but if i put enough mayonnaise on the bread 1 might be able to disguise the stuff .
` ` you mean the psychic thing ? ''
until i met you , i was n't even sure there was such a thing as controlling what happened inside .
it 's a thing of the spirit .
and now there 's this other thing about your talent getting more bothersome .
` ` the only thing he had was a description and location of his target .
in fact , it must look very familiar to him , because caitlin admitted she never changed a thing in it .
no one downstairs will hear a thing . ''
a man 's rage would always be a terrifying thing , whether it was very new or four hundred years old .
he had given her a lot , but the one thing emerson had not been able to provide verity was a stable home life .
` ` i ' m not picking up a thing , '' jonas said cheerfully .
obviously the little firebrand did not know the first thing about good prenatal care .
you wo n't be able to see a thing . ''
the old fool would n't tell me a thing , but i knew i could find it on my own .
but in the psychic corridor she could speak to him and yarwood would n't hear a thing .
it 's the first thing you see when you walk into the house , and it 's ugly .
` ` the imagination is a powerful thing . ''
` ` oh , not the eccentric , flower - child , student - of - enlightenment thing .
here 's the thing , mason .
the only thing he has at stake here is money .
` ` but the only thing that explains the arson is just what lucy suggested to you .
` ` one more thing you should know about what happened thirteen years ago , '' deke said .
` ` one thing you might want to know , '' quinn said quietly .
when he started asking questions about the half - brother he had never known , she felt sorry for him and gave him the only thing she had of brinker 's . ''
one thing was evident immediately .
i ' m not about to risk my neck or my plane trying to take off without being able to see a damn thing .
i want you to understand that seducing me is n't going to buy you a damn thing except a night in bed with me .
she was a determined utile thing , he had to hand it to her .
judd was n't giving any outward indication of his reaction but she sensed his remote cynicism as if it were a tangible thing .
` ` fascinating '' and once again honor could n't tell a thing about what he was thinking .
the only thing be could possibly want from her was a sexual liaison .
i had given them everything , they would give me this one thing .
` ` do n't worry , he wo n't feel a thing until morning . ''
` ` curious little thing , are n't you ? ''
he was right about one thing , cidra decided twenty minutes later : he certainly did n't believe in explaining things twice .
let me die like this and your reeting honor wo n't mean a thing .
but this thing seemed far more real .
they remember locating her in that mall store , but the next thing either of them remembers is waking up in front of a restaurant three miles away . ''
the last thing he wanted from isabella was gratitude .
i ca n't prove a thing , so get lost while i ' m still in a good mood . ''
` ` it 's what i should have done , and if i had a chance to do it all over again , i would n't change a thing except instead of running ... i 'd have stood firm .
it did n't change a thing between them at all .
i think what really ate at psycho - dad was that once matt was eighteen , he was free and our father could n't do a damn thing about that .
maybe five seconds since the boom , and now i had a choice : go downstairs , or back to my room and pretend i had n't heard a thing .
i did n't owe her a thing .
no matter what , she would deliver that baby and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
and he could n't do a damn thing about it but smile graciously and let her go .
his whole world was about to crumble at his feet , a world he never thought he could ' ve ever had , and he could n't do a damn thing to stop it .
` ` you can burn everything i ' ve ever given you , but it wo n't change a damn thing .
` ` you do n't understand a damn thing , '' he argued .
he could kill , crush , or bite you , and you could n't do a thing to stop him .
and isaac would n't be able to do a damn thing about it , either .
the next thing he had become aware of was sabrina in his brother 's arms again .
and work on that serenity thing .
` ` for someone who 's supposed to be able to read my mind ... you do n't get a damned thing about me , rebecca . ''
as if they did n't mean a thing in the world to anyone .
as if they did n't mean a thing in the world to tony .
all this useless information , and not a damned thing to tell her who she was .
he 'd be taking over her life , and taking away the most important thing in that life .
` ` i think i know a thing or two about forever .
` ` you have a choice , pretty thing .
` ` there is one more thing you should be aware of , '' she said .
and eleonore was dead , and there was n't a damn thing charlotte could do about it .
` ` i know a thing or two about people who snatch other people and take them away .
kaldar had explained the street - prostitute thing to them .
` ` once i put this together , it will look like the real thing . ''
` ` red - headed little thing , fiery .
the mate bond is an amazing thing . ''
the mate bond is an amazing thing .
when he 'd charged marquez in her store , she had n't heard a thing until he 'd reached them .
` ` he was n't trying for ronan , sweet thing .
ronan said it offhand , as though fae magic was a common thing to find lying around .
` ` you 're such a bit of a thing , '' he murmured .
the trouble was , they now were making so damn much noise that cameron could n't hear a blasted thing .
` ` perhaps he wanted to give me one thing i 'd love and one thing i could sell . ''
vernard knew enough to hide this thing - mad as he was , he locked it away and hid it from humanity .
and there would n't be a damn thing he could do about it .
he was ready to move on to the next thing , and kim wondered what that next thing was .
maybe in a few generations , the collars could become a thing of the past , forgotten , shifters fully integrated into human society .
what a thing to remind him of .
` ` liam is right about the mate - bond thing , '' kim said .
` ` before i came down here the first time , i thought i knew every little thing about shifters .
the most interesting thing she 'd found , she thought as she descended , was that a ley line streaked right through the heart of shiftertown .
the breaking metal bit into sean 's skin , bloodying it , but he did n't feel a thing .
it did n't like the light and stuck to the shadows cast by the shrubs , blending into the gloom , so the only thing she could see clearly were its eyes : two slits of uniform , slightly luminescent gray , like slanted holes into a skull stuffed with rain clouds .
when people bought insurance , they wanted to be reassured , and the only thing emerson reassured them of was his own inflated ego .
` ` that 's the other thing i do n't quite understand about you .
` ` tastes like the real thing . ''
diego had been chasing criminals through towering hotels for years without thinking a thing about it .
` ` this mate - claim thing , '' he said .
the next thing they threw was a net .
` ` neal , what about that other thing ? ''
kissing was a fine thing .
and anyway , i do n't believe anymore that there 's any such thing as safety .
` ` my dear fellow , women do n't know the first thing about porcelain .
` ` i ' m not a hothouse flower to be sheltered ; i know a thing or two of the world .
` ` the best thing i ' ve ever tasted . ''
your mama does n't need to know a thing . ''
it seems to be the only thing that anyone understands . ''
so important a thing , and hart had known nothing until he read it now .
` ` so my mom was fourteen , all alone , a shapeshifter , and not knowing a thing about being one .
the rage of the beast lord was a terrible thing to behold .
he could n't see a damn thing , and his first step led him smack into a table on which things clattered and clinked .
` ` all kinds of things , my violet .
he could figure a string of numbers without writing a thing down , look at an equation then use it to make a piece of machinery work better , and calculate gambling odds on the fly .
` ` the only thing i know about you is that you 're a talented pickpocket , and you 'll be giving me back my watch . ''
cat did her lessons without much interest , the only thing that absorbed her being whatever she wrote or drew in her notebook .
` ` garden designers in the eighteenth century enjoyed such things , '' sinclair said next to her .
this is a thing i need to know ! ''
i ' m stuck this way and there 's not a damn thing i can do about it .
` ` i ' m looking for a rare thing . ''
there was a thing that august 's family would dislike even more than having to speak to outsiders .
peter 's dad was a police officer - the town sheriff , of all things - and she wondered what kind of trouble two almost - seventeen - year - olds could get into for this kind of thing .
` ` you believe in that sort of thing ? ''
unlike most people peter did n't look to the future for reassurance ; he understood that the only thing certain in life is the past .
` ` that 's not a thing , '' he pointed out .
this was different : there was no punch line , no great joke to the whole thing .
but it was another thing entirely to have someone actually want to be there for you , unfailingly and unquestioningly , someone who listened carefully and told you the truth and waited patiently until you were ready to be there for them , too .
it was , she realized , a shout and a surprise and a jolt of happiness all at once , the truest thing there was , and so , without another moment 's hesitation , she stepped forward to deliver her greeting in person .
` ` aside from the whole beating - up - a - photographer thing , of course .
he asked and he asked and he asked , and he never gave a thing .
there 's not enough detail to pick out any landmarks , and she still has no clue what she 'll do once she gets there ; the only thing she remembers oliver saying about the church is that there 's a statue of mary out front and that he and his brothers used to get in trouble for climbing it .
he was giving her the most important thing he could , the only way he knew how .
his eyes widened as their lips met , and the nearness of her made the world go blurry , until all at once , it was n't ; all at once , it came into focus again , and the clearest thing of all - the truest thing of all - was the girl right in front of him .
for a moment , as they leaned toward each other , lucy forgot about liam so completely it was as if he 'd never existed at all , as if he had n't kissed her hundreds of times , as if it did n't mean a thing .
but there 's no such thing as a completely fresh start .
` ` that 's all i can ask for , minus one thing . ''
carrie had been texting him , but i did n't know a single thing about him .
i could n't remember a damn thing .
the only thing i ' m hiding is a mess that i 'd rather you not see . ''
i think you know exactly what i want to know , and you 're going to tell me every detail without leaving a single thing out . ''
did n't want to deny him a single thing .
i 'd be the one ruining the very thing i so cherished ... her trust .
` ` the only thing i know now is what my father 's spy looks like , and i want to keep knowing .
` ` the whole ' bonding with your captor ' thing .
the first thing i touched was a long spear .
` ` there is one thing that might hasten my ability to erase your memories . ''
you do n't need to feel a thing . ''
and denise would really be aghast if she knew the only thing he had been tempted to implant in her mind was the desire not to return to her human life after they found nathanial .
the first thing i 'd learned about her was that she was prone to panic attacks , though she was petite and beautiful and had a lot less reason to be nervous than i did .
with our usual subject matter off - limits , we laughed and talked about local bands all the way to the fox without really saying a thing .
and he did n't do a thing . ''
he was picking up each thing i loved about my life , grinding it to a point , and pushing it through my heart .
i imagined frances pretending she had n't heard a thing as the shout echoed around their fenced yard .
they would n't suspect a thing .
he stared at me for a long time , as if he 'd never heard of such a thing as a girl who did n't want a boyfriend .
but when i was under pressure , i loved to put things in their proper places , like bubbling in the correct answers on a standardized test .
and that was the second thing that shook me out of my comfort zone with will .
i had always thought ` ` silks '' was a strange thing to call band flags , because clearly they were made of polyester .
without seeing his eyes , i could n't read a thing in his face .
but sarah 's mother did n't miss a thing .
quentin probably could n't fathom such a thing .
` ` and that 's another thing , '' sarah protested .
what a good omen , that this is the first thing i see after i step off the plane into vegas . ''
come to think about it , he probably would n't say a thing .
the vague light softened his features but highlighted his cheekbones and the perfect arch of his brow , like a stylized sculpture of a man rather than the real thing .
i could teach him a thing or two . ''
` ` that 's the first thing they teach you in education classes , '' he muttered .
` ` finding fault with every little thing . ''
just this one thing .
` ` that 's the thing , is n't it ? ''
gabe finally gave you a chance to talk and you did nt say a thing .
however , amid the torture of going crazy , cooking was the furthest thing from his mind .
he would n't feel a thing .
you have n't learned a thing out gallivanting with elijah brown .
he could sense many minds within his range , but he could n't read a thing .
i wanted to inform officer after that i was not insinuating a damn thing about tiffany .
now suddenly the problem was solved without me doing a thing ?
but i learned a thing or two .
` ` i mean , they 're the last thing my mom and my dad gave me together , before they separated last summer . ''
i knew i was not going to mention a damn thing about a possible poisoning , for the main reason that i liked to breathe ... and the story was only hearsay , not actually fact .
i could n't tell you a damn thing about the circumstances that are happening here .
how could he have spent so much of his time around vampires and never understood a thing about them ?
it was obvious that paddy had n't changed a thing since maureen passed away .
spying a beautiful young thing in shorts and a halter top heading away from the crowd , he had followed her .
` ` the only thing i want from him is my freedom .
` ` the only thing i need is to get out of this horrible place . ''
` ` the only thing i know is that he rode with king richard in the crusades , '' kadie said .
she had never said or done a single thing to encourage him .
` ` it 's hardly the same thing , '' he said dryly .
` ` the last thing i remember is going for a walk ... '' ` ` it does n't matter , '' brad said , pulling her into the house .
` ` i ' m nervous about the whole ' sleep like death ' thing .
` ` ' t is the most amazing thing . ''
on waking , her picture was the first thing he sought .
the place was like nothing she had ever seen before , and not just because it was such a large house , but because of all the strange things it held , things for which she had no name .
if there was one thing of which he was completely ignorant , it was the kinds of food offered in places like mcdonald 's and burger king .
far too old for a sweet young thing like brenna flanagan .
except for the blood part , being a vampire seemed a wonderful thing .
he swore again , but how could he deny her the one thing that she had always wanted , the one thing he could not give her ?
di giorgio had been her bodyguard since she was twelve years old and she did n't know a thing about him except that he had come to the united states from sicily when he was in his mid - twenties .
he really was the sweetest thing .
he did n't know anything about werewolves , assuming they existed at all , but whoever had written the script did n't know a thing about vampires .
feeling skeptical , i asked , ` ` do you believe in that sort of thing ? ''
it was a good thing he had superior night vision , because i could n't see a thing .
still , it was an awesome thing to take a life , even when that life was on the brink of extinction , to drink a man dry , to take his life and his memories and leave only a dry husk behind .
she was a pretty little thing , with curly black hair and heavily - lashed brown eyes .
it was so dark in his room , i could n't see a thing .
` ` not a thing , except that nothing much surprises me anymore , especially where you 're concerned . ''
except for the blood thing , i like being a vampire .
he did n't know a damn thing about childbirth , and neither did she .
he was such a handsome , even - tempered little thing .
` ` well , for one thing , brides are usually happy .
` ` they did n't suspect a thing . ''
i wondered if the whole guardian thing was part of why i liked charlotte so much , but it could n't be .
the first thing i noticed on the other side was the darkness .
the only thing we had to go by was monty 's map .
the trees were so dense that i could n't see a thing .
but would you give me one thing in return ? ''
the thing that makes us distinct is that we are the people of the source . ''
i did n't bother to correct her on the whole dive bar thing .
i was n't good with the whole easing myself in slowly thing .
` ` you seem to be all about the advice thing . ''
` ` that 's a pretty unimportant thing to learn . ''
` ` oh my god , that was the sweetest thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
miraculously , the batteries in the old shower radio functioned , and it helped ensure that kelly would n't suspect a thing .
the only thing on the walls was a black and white photo of a sailboat on the ocean - and i recognized it as one of mine .
` ` so , we still need to talk about that thing . ''
` ` and you 're questioning the long distance thing ... '' kelly trailed off .
there was only one thing i wanted more .
i ' m not bad at carpentry , but i do n't know a thing about electricity . ''
though i knew it would n't help a thing , i began crying .
actually , there was a thing or two that bill did n't know about me , that no one knew , and i was very careful to try to keep my expectations modest .
his sheets were flowered like his wallpaper , and i remember wondering if he liked flowers printed on his possessions because he could n't see the real thing , at least as they were meant to be seen ... in the daylight .
` ` you okay , sweet thing ? ''
she was as white as paper and as flat as a board , and her thin ankle - length blue - and - gold dress did n't do a thing for her except accentuate both whiteness and flatness .
you think - ` ` ` ` i do n't think a thing . ''
it did n't do a thing for him .
he did n't care a thing for my body .
he had n't said a thing up till this point .
with bill , i could n't hear a single thing .
none of these people , of course , knew one thing about me .
` ` come to our table and let us get to know you , sweet thing , '' he said , grinning at me .
i drank , and it was the best thing i 'd ever tasted .
` ` he did n't do a thing for me . ''
they never learn a thing .
i keep the inside of my car spanky - clean , so they would n't see a thing but bloodstains in the backseat .
` ` it does n't do a thing for me .
a plan was a beautiful thing .
she went on home without knowing a thing .
i love mornings when i can just sit in my boat on the water and not worry about a thing . ''
` ` no , not a thing , '' i said .
` ` since he got shot on my account , your pack does n't owe me a damn thing . ''
` ` we just feel that there must be something you know , some tiny little thing , that would help us discover what happened to our daughter .
i know , that was obvious , but i was n't getting this alliance thing .
the stun gun did n't do a damn thing to her , and she was on me like an - well , like an enraged wolf .
maxwell lee wanted to make it clear that he knew a thing or two about being a good underling .
` ` pam , i know you believe you owe eric , even though he killed you - honey , he killed you - but i do n't owe eric a thing . ''
` ` on the other hand , i ca n't do a damn thing about any of this , '' i said .
i did n't have any flowers or a little vase , which was the only other thing i thought of that i could ' ve added .
or maybe this fairy - blood thing was bull , and vampires were interested in any fairly attractive young woman who would treat them with respect and tolerance .
and then i did n't know a thing .
it was the closest thing seaside heights had to a genuine tunnel of love .
the only thing i ca n't comprehend : why am i thinking about all of this again ?
for one thing , the fact that you - all named your little slices of america after gods is just ... '' i shook my head .
in which case , i had no hope i would survive , and there would n't be a damn thing i could do about it .
she was a ruthless little thing , no doubt about it .
i hear every word , but i know candace is n't hearing a thing .
we walk down the hall , and when mark opens the door , the first thing i hear is a high - pitched , ` ` god , mark !
knowing that there is n't a goddamn thing i can do to lessen her misery frustrates me beyond anything i have ever dealt with .
` ` not a damn thing , '' i tell him .
but it 's like i told you before , there is n't a damn thing about who you are now that you should be ashamed of .
i was never a big believer in that sort of thing .
i walk down the rest of the steps , like i have n't heard a thing .
as well as i know the last thing she really wants is for me to leave .
` ` i 'll stuff your panties in your mouth - they wo n't hear a thing . ''
because i do n't know about you - but i do n't remember a goddamn thing about last night .
the only thing i want to know is - where .
in the back of my head , i keep thinking about the things maggie said along with the way nico makes me feel and how much i want to explore things with him , but i wonder if i should wait until i ' m in a better place mentally .
i ' m not nervous about becoming a dad ; that 's the one thing i never really worry about .
she does n't say anything else , and i know i ' m f**ked and there 's not a damn thing i can do about it .
i know what i have given him , because he has given me the same thing .
it 's the only physical thing i have that connects me to my son .
it did n't take long for me to fall in love with him and give him the piece of myself that was the only real thing i had to give another person .
a pissed - off autumn is a thing of beauty , and she 's going to be riled as hell when i get home .
such a basic thing , and they did n't know it.la !
* there was that second thing to tell you , * he said .
the only thing he received from that visit was an assurance from talon that lady cassidy had no desire to start a war and no intention to seize any land .
none of which meant a damn thing to mrs . beale unless it was convenient for her to remember them .
and the one untouched thing he had left to offer , the one clean thing he had given to no one else , would be taken from him .
you can tell he does n't understand a damn thing about us . ''
the other thing that was n't good ... his heart jumped when he realized he recognized the feel of some of the spells .
twelve the only thing they found of interest in the parlor across the hall was another poker that rainier now carried as a weapon .
` ` the real thing is even more sheer .
he has n't said a thing about it since then . ''
and it will be the last thing zuulaman ever gets from me that is n't paid for in blood . ''
` ` there is one thing i can show you , '' banard said .
daemonsounded calm , but that did n't mean a damn thing .
so it did n't mean a thing to him that she had taken that bastard 's flowers with her because he wasnot jealous .
but this morning , when thera decided to walk , you did n't say a thing .
the only thing he could definitely make out was that the territory was in little terreille .
it was obvious that a number of the men had n't suspected a thing before the attack .
because he had wondered the same thing , saetan could n't answer that .
i was there as an experienced consort to see a young witch through her virgin night so that when she woke in the morning the only thing broken was a membrane - not her mind , not her jewels , not her spirit .
the only thing she had been able to draw from briarwood 's wood and stone was ghostly , taunting laughter .
it had taken him a long time to realize that hope was a bitter thing .
the only thing that kept him from actively seeking that release was his promise to cassandra .
` ` language is a curious thing , warlord , '' saetan said with deceptive mildness .
the only painfully clear thing daemon could see was his hand , a white triangle , and the bright , glistening blood .
while she ate , the woman spoke of general things , telling her about the dark altars , how there were thirteen of these great dark places of power scattered throughout the realm .
knowledge was the only thing he could give her that she could take back to terreille .
` ` it must be important to have made you forget such a paltry thing as refreshment . ''
the last thing i heard before i slipped into sleep was his asking me what the bloody hell a big purse had to do with it .
this is the first nongreen thing i ' ve had in my mouth in weeks .
jack and i lazed around the house all day , watching tv , drinking coffee , doing laundry , just having a day where we did n't have to do a thing .
this distance thing was making me a little insane .
for weeks i ' ve been searching for the right time to call you and beg you to take me back , to apologize for being so shortsighted and not realizing that every single solitary thing i ' ve ever wanted in a man is in you . ''
the only thing that told me was that it looked like rain .
his mother was a lovely woman , a tiny little bit of a thing .
the whole thing sounds interesting , actually .
i could n't identify what that new thing was , just that it was n't in computers .
i had n't heard a thing .
` ` hey , no rush , pretty thing .
the first thing i saw was blue .
he 's kind of watched out for simon - favorite uncle , big brother , surrogate father , that kind of thing , '' she said , her face growing soft .
` ` i ' m spending a few days on a piece about quick getaways in the bay area - weekend drives kind of thing , '' he answered through a mouthful of banana .
what was the second thing ? ''
it 's the cutest thing .
here 's the thing about a spit take .
he asked , his voice deep and thick , like molasses and honey and all things afghan - blanket , not country .
they have been the closest thing i ' ve had to family in the past four years , and now i do n't know if i can even trust them .
hindsight is a wonderful thing , is n't it ?
` ` i ' m not promising a thing .
the one thing i ' ve missed out on by shutting everyone out is female friends .
` ` i will make this company mine , whether you like it or not , and there is n't a damn thing you can do about it , girl !
` ` but as for the gps , i was wondering the same thing .
now the one thing i could n't admit to myself back then , the part of me he wanted to nurture , just revealed itself to sean in all its glory .
i know a thing or two about these big , proud , dominant types .
having saved her from a drunken ass**le who would n't take no for an answer , and getting her home safely , she kissed me with those perfect plump lips of hers , and it took all of my self - restraint to stop it from going further , but i did n't want her to regret it in the morning even though i know i would n't have regretted a damn thing about being with her .
it worked for me and as much as i resented it at the time , i would n't change a thing about it now .
it was then that i knew that this whole ' non dating ' thing was starting to get to him .
a lot of ground rules , research protocols , that kind of thing . ''
i mean , not that particular spell ; that 's just an animation thing , hardly a page of text , and i condensed it a long time ago .
` ` so this mark thing , '' i began , as we stepped gingerly through murky water .
and i know what you 're thinking : ` ` lily parker , there 's no such thing as magic .
` ` let 's try out this list thing .
` ` i ' m not sure about this adept thing . ''
` ` connor wo n't remember a single damn thing about tonight .
the arthurian sagas , tristan and isolde , that kind of thing . ''
there 's no such thing as a c-41 protocol . ''
while i did n't know a thing about elemental strategy beyond what i 'd learned in catcher 's swordsmanship lectures , i understood history .
i ' m sure there are humans who find that kind of thing ...
` ` a boy learns a thing or two in four hundred years , '' he smartly said , then clapped his hands together .
she would n't have kept that kind of thing from my mom . ''
` ` about that immortality thing , '' she said .
he also understood now the thing that i 'd finally figured out .
i guessed it was n't the kind of thing scott grey would be thrilled to learn .
they are n't lying about the immortality thing . ''
` ` sullivan , i do n't know what you 'd like to see beforehand ; i can have my people send luc the building specs , that kind of thing . ''
and when i 'd finished , because she 'd offered the thing she had n't previously been willing to give me - understanding about ethan - i gave her the thing i had n't previously been willing to give her - time .
and when i 'd finished , because she 'd offered the thing she had n't previously been willing to give me - understanding about ethan - i gave her the thing i had n't previously been willing to give her - time .
the first thing i heard was the clanking of pots and pans , and a bevy of faraway curses before she managed to right the phone .
` ` the only thing you ever want from me , '' i told him , ` ` is for me to be something i ' m not .
would a sorcerer be interested in making vamps more aggressive , giving them a hair - trigger temper , that kind of thing ? ''
that by acknowledging celina and bringing her activities to light - instead of ignoring her antics - you end up giving her the very thing she wants ? ''
` ` i visited you to get information , which is the only thing i want now .
` ` she said it was the first thing she found , and time was of the essence .
ethan stood up and walked to the window and did n't say a thing .
` ` and frankly , i ' m not a fan of the house 's choice of outside guards , but ethan wo n't hear a thing about it . ''
he gloated about his position , but the aspen gun thing - he seemed completely surprised by that . ''
` ` memory is a powerful thing , '' i said .
gabriel thought he 'd show his old man a thing or two and arranged to join sonny 's game one night .
` ` not a thing , '' jeff said .
` ` do n't even think a thing about it .
of course , i never did a thing about it , but that was something that seemed to grow more and more difficult every day .
the only thing anyone could make out of her shape was her sleek , slim calf and sexy - as - hell black heels .
my hormones might be on overdrive , but sex was n't the only thing i wanted from her .
i rubbed up and down her back and did n't say a thing .
` ` it 's the best thing i ' ve ever been given . ''
he asked , not seeming offended by my refusal to tell him a thing .
the only thing i saw and heard was blue .
clearly , she never wrote a thing .
i forced myself to smile , not wanting to let on that i suspected a thing .
my stomach growled , matching the ferocity of the thunder , and i realized i had n't eaten a thing all day .
` ` this is the best thing i ' ve ever eaten . ''
when we made it to the door , i glanced back over my shoulder , not remembering a single thing about the walk here .
my grandmother 's ashes were the most important thing i had here .
the only thing i knew for sure was that someone wanted me dead .
the last thing i remember is hearing the sound of approaching sirens before everything went quiet .
but that was n't the most shocking thing .
logan was sitting in the center of his sloppily made bed , staring at the tv , but i do n't think he would be able to tell me a thing about what he was watching .
they taught me a thing or two . ''
i did n't go into the whole life debt thing , but i realized that it was something she probably already thought of .
there is one more thing you must know before we go , '' gemma said quickly .
it shrieked , but i could n't hear a thing .
` ` i would n't eat that undercooked thing . ''
pain is a funny thing .
even in death she was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
i guess this mindbond / bleeding thing will be something that we figure out together .
the first thing to pop up was the newest notification from the buzzfeed .
she 's the only person i ' ve met in years that has n't wanted one single thing from me . ''
and thankfully , screwing up your plans did n't cost me a thing . ''
` ` i barely had to do a thing .
` ` he knew the one thing , the one thing that could throw me off .
` ` you wo n't feel a thing . ''
unfortunately , the soul you have wandering around your house would n't tell me a thing . ''
the next thing i remembered was trying to get out .
` ` the first thing you need to know is that you ' ve been released permanently from prison .
yes , she understood what adrien was feeling extremely well because on the coattails was that elusive thing called hope .
the one thing he 'd learned was that the acquisition teams worked clubs almost exclusively , all over the world , grabbing women and sometimes men to sell at auction .
` ` there 's just one thing i do n't understand .
power is a wonderful thing . ''
he had to get hold of the entire structure of her organization , all the players , everyone who got paid off , the names of the clubs , the betting organization , every damn thing .
the ' tracking pair ' thing , i mean ? ''
you wo n't remember a thing .
he desired claire , wanted her , hungered for her , and it was n't because of the chains , it was because of claire herself ... and there was n't a damn thing he could do about that .
but i have to say that despite the horror of that battle , given all the wonderful things that followed , i would n't change a thing .
besides , braulio would n't tell her a damn thing until he was ready .
but he had n't reached several millennia in age without having learned a thing or two .
how quickly the breh - hedden could make such a small thing as the voice of a woman seen like the most important element of his life , as though his next breath depended on it .
he would do whatever the hell he wanted and there was n't a damn thing to be done .
he wondered if he should complete the breh - hedden with her - as in , maybe there was such a thing as destiny , maybe they even had a shared job to do , something together .
i want to say this and i ' m hoping you 'll understand , but when i think back on everything that happened to me , because it led me here , into your arms , into your bed , i would n't change a thing .
` ` well , then the first thing you 'll need to learn is to be very respectful of authority . ''
but there was one thing she desired , something very specific to the vampire world in which she now belonged .
` ` i ' ve learned a thing or two in the last three thousand years . ''
` ` genetics is a beautiful thing . ''
i ca n't do a damn thing .
there was n't a damn thing left to the imagination , especially when marguerite arched her back just a little bit , which pushed her br**sts out just that extra inch as she called out , ` ` well , hello , boys . ''
he held the one thing , the only thing she 'd been able to keep , all these years , from her life in boston in the late 1800s .
he held the one thing , the only thing she 'd been able to keep , all these years , from her life in boston in the late 1800s .
and he had brought her the thing she cherished most in the world - her locket .
yeah , i know ... well , it 's a nether - space thing , a place that exists between dimensions .
to look into her eyes yet be within her mind was a wondrous thing .
rachel grew her own organic vegetables , touted the benefits of communal living , and despised the war above all things .
he pulled on the ropes , but whoever had bound him knew a thing or two about fashioning knots .
the only thing she did n't know was what would happen once they traveled the path of thebreh - hedden .
the breh - hedden had him in a tight grip and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
` ` yeah , well i ' ve learned a thing or two working in close proximity to her over the past few months .
the only thing he really did understand about leto 's warning was that he had to keep a lid on it , as in a deep mental shield so that anytime a powerful entity - like that prick - of - all - pricks , greaves - decided to do a mind - dive without medichi 's knowledge , he would n't find out the truth , at least not from him .
havily thought it a thing of beauty .
oh , you mean the disappearing - reappearing thing ?
i was referring to the power thing i was talking about earlier .
there was no such thing as of course .
you might even want to repress memories at some point or create new ones to explain your absences , that sort of thing . ''
` ` if you snack on me while we 're doing this and you ' ve already been in my head , wo n't that cause a big problem - you know the breh thing you talked about ? ''
wait , there was one more , small thing , but it did n't exactly make sense .
` ` this whole blood rose thing . ''
she realized that her fae vision had continued to improve except for one small thing .
he would become irritable with finn or his realm - rule and she 'd argue with him about why he left his deodorant sitting on the bathroom sink , all those little things that robbed a relationship of its magic and mystery in that thing called life , whether long - lived or not .
he thought of abigail 's bakery and the unimportant cupcakes that had brought the most important thing into his life .
they both had given birth to daughters with more vampire blood than mortal running through their veins , and a mother 's fear was a powerful thing .
` ` what 's with the queenie thing ?
` ` kelsey knows the band , '' she said , like that explained a damn thing .
if roberto thought she was going to crumple into a puddle and let nate die , he had another thing to learn about gwenna carrick .
so what do you think about the whole letting a baby cry thing ? ''
he had n't been watching supernanny religiously for two months without learning a thing or two .
and ultimately , that is the most important thing our child needs .
first thing they would have to fix when they moved in together was the food situation .
` ` i ' m working on the mind - control thing .
she was n't exactly an expert on the whole thought - projection thing .
they both tossed the whole thing back like seasoned alcoholics .
and she knew donatelli had no such thing as protection on his mindhe was clever enough and fast enough to make this look worse than it already did .
they wo n't remember a thing . ''
power was a beautiful thing .
that whole vampire mind control thing again .
` ` i do n't feel any thing . ''
that would n't have done a thing for her , she was positive .
in a city of fluorescent lights and twenty - four - hour - a - day gambling , shopping , eating , and banking , no one thought a thing about him entering his casino every night instead of during the day .
that was inaccurate , and the one thing he could not tolerate was pity .
you know i would never trade a thing about our time together .
before i put some sort of hero worship onto him that he might deserve , but did n't mean a damn thing .
i could learn a thing or two from their survival techniques .
` ` and the whole penis piercing thing ... '' he actually shuddered .
i do n't get this crossing - the - line - with - friends thing .
so maybe there was such a thing as community .
funny how the one thing i 'd always been confident about with other guys was the thing i had no handle on with riley .
` ` you did n't miss a damn thing . ''
i was a little concerned about the whole inflatable bumper thing but they all seemed to have that now .
you do n't know a goddamn thing about what is going on here , but i do think you know i ' m not someone to f**k with . ''
that was one thing i did know .
i was n't telling her a damn thing until i knew what she wanted .
which was the thing i just could n't quite seem to get past .
this whole creating - a - placenta thing was kicking my ass .
because after that , he did n't remember a single thing .
` ` well , this memory loss thing ... it happened another time , too . ''
they were stumbling and bouncing , johnny 's free arm swinging with the crop even though the alligator was n't doing a damn thing .
then i do n't remember a damn thing until i woke up the next night in a bathtub three blocks off bourbon with a chick screaming and a bunch of hungover dudes all arguing with each other .
` ` the last thing i remember was being on the riverboat .
was there such a thing as a fake cross ?
granted , no one remembered a damn thing after the wake , which was weird in and of itself , but it seemed like someone should have noticed stella at one point or another .
it was the most amazingly sexy thing wyatt had ever seen and heard .
well , that explained a thing or two .
` ` do n't tell me you do n't remember a thing about last night either . ''
` ` you do n't remember a thing about what happened on the riverboat , do you ? ''
especially since beckwith tripp had so far predicted a long life , an increase in personal assets , and sweet things for her .
` ` she 's the only one of us who knows a damn thing about babies . ''
it seemed such a small thing , but every time she heard it , she had to smile .
she had n't learned a damn thing .
` ` there 's only one thing i ' m missing , '' drew said , lounging back in his chair , making his suit look both chic and casual at the same time .
she had heard all of those things , a hundred times over , from coworkers , friends , and neighbors who genuinely wanted what was best for her , but did n't understand a damn thing .
which made him wonder if he had learned a damn thing in the last century .
she did n't know any f**king thing about him .
thiroux maintained he was out cold and did n't hear a thing .
it might be the very thing that would make him definitively pull away from her .
but then what made him think that he knew a damn thing about regan ?
it seems i have n't learned a damn thing in all this time - over a hundred years and i still let greed rule me . ''
i wanted to discuss what he had said and what i had allegedly done , because i had n't done a damn thing that would have made him angry with me .
i debriefed her , skipping the whole marriage proposal thing for the moment .
` ` he 's bored , he 's feeling restless and over the whole new york thing .
the only thing i 'd taken was the pot holder i 'd made .
the last thing in the world he felt like listening to was an overexaggerated local legend about some poor biddy who froze to death in the great winter .
and how burdensome it must be to be stuck in the same place for eternity , if there really was such a thing as ghosts .
she had n't gotten to see a darn thing but his chest , and had gotten to touch even less .
` ` i could n't see a damn thing . ''
boston did n't know a thing about fatherhood , but he could see the concern on brett 's face and he felt for him .
and he 'd never known a thing about her .
not that she knew a damn thing about kids , but everyone liked puppies , and god , she wanted this kid to feel better .
and it made her think that maybe there really was such a thing as hope buried deep inside her , hidden under the layers of disappointment and the calluses around her heart .
she was a smart little thing and eager for love .
the whole imaginary friend thing was a little foreign to him , and he did n't suppose the rules for that followed normal adult morals .
he was the closest thing she had to a sibling , and she loved him in all his quirkiness .
not to mention , you know , the whole dead people thing .
` ` seems like you may know a thing or two about hunter here ? ''
` ` i want to know a lot of things but first you can start by telling me about rachel wood .
he does n't say a thing as i get in , my eyes moving warily to his .
he does n't say a thing , but i feel and hear his sharp intake of breath .
` ` is the disguise thing your explanation for your failed breakfast , then ? ''
` ` hindsight is a wonderful thing , reese .
my father has been living possibly only minutes away from me for a year with a new fiancee and baby , and i never knew a thing about it .
age does n't mean a thing when it comes to love .
the next thing i feel is his lips pressing against mine for the second time .
` ` the only thing i ' ve ever wounded of yours is your ego . ''
and that whole ' it 's not what you ' ve got it 's what you do with it ' thing ?
emotion - it 's a funny thing to put down onto paper .
and i do n't do a damn thing to soothe it .
i ca n't forgive her for a single fucking thing until i know - and even then , maybe i wo n't be able to .
i do n't owe her a thing .
` ` does n't mean a thing . ''
` ` only one thing pokes out of me . ''
there ai n't a damn thing i can do about it , either .
has he not heard of that little thing called asking ?
it does n't look a thing like dad 's room , not anymore .
` ` i did n't forget a thing , '' i admit .
` ` does n't that defy the date thing ? ''
and because of that crazy little thing called love , i do n't even care .
need for this girl is overtaking me and i ' m pretty damn sure i ca n't hear a thing apart from the pounding of my own heart .
got ta feel to be tamed , boys , and i do n't feel a thing except for whoever it is in my bed on a weekend . ''
` ` just because you 're right about the reading thing does n't mean i have to like it .
they all assumed two fourteen year olds knew that sort of thing . ''
i was so aware of him and the slightest movement of his body i do n't think i actually learned a freaking thing about fishing .
and then , for one blissful second , i ca n't feel a thing .
although , the shoe thing is totally plausible .
he does n't say a thing .
they could teach you a thing or two about taste in girls . ''
if only there were n't something ... something ... in his gaze that set off a herd of butterflies in my stomach so strong that i can barely eat a thing .
i have n't tasted a thing yet , but i 'd bet i 'll be ready to vomit pretty damn soon if the platter in front of me is anything to go by .
` ` you really are a feisty little thing , are n't you ? ''
it wants him and it needs him and it desires every little thing he can give to me .
right now , i ' m learning one more thing about tyler stone .
as much as i do n't want to know tyler any better , i have a crazy desire to find out every little thing .
i ca n't do a thing but surrender yet again to him .
or the first thing you 'll be seeing of paris is the underside of those f**king sheets over there . ''
` ` every little thing , ty .
i need to know every single thing about you because i ca n't imagine a world where i do n't .
the thing you fear is weakness .
i swallow back annoyance of another little thing she knows that i do n't .
mostly , i wish i did n't feel a thing .
` ` so the only thing that 's changed is i get to buy you dinner before i fuck you how i want to . ''
i am so not over that toothbrush thing .
my hands are stretched above my head and there is n't a thing i can do but lie here and let him take the control over me i deny him elsewhere .
i ' m not joking about the pee thing .
the only new thing i gain from this is his portfolio .
the baby wo n't feel a thing . ''
the only thing that interrupts it is a few palm trees , their leaves swaying in the gentle sea breeze .
but it turned out she wanted the one thing from him he could n't give .
but today had been especially rough , with her eyes drawn back to those two empty desks , knowing more of her students had been snatched away by pirates and there was n't a damn thing anyone could do about it .
meanwhile , she was stuck inside the command center , still freaking watching jose in harm 's way and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it .
jose did n't bother denying a thing .
` ` and the whole tetanus bio toxin thing still creeps me out . ''
and there was n't a thing she could do about it now except be glad she had n't exposed her family to the risk .
each time he spoke , her hopes rose , only to fall as he left yet another message or thanked someone for their time , even though nobody seemed to know a thing about where rachel had gone today .
` ` let 's go over what brandon harris told you one more time to make sure i have this right , '' sylvia said , even though it was clear the smooth agent was n't missing a thing .
no one will suspect a thing .
she rubbed her arms , which did n't do a thing to ward off the goose bumps .
her tight grip hurt like hell and was the sweetest thing he 'd ever known .
` ` you get me to spill my guts , then you do n't say a thing . ''
and damn it all , he would n't go there alone , refused to finish without her , because nothing in his life meant a thing without lisabeth .
none of which apparently meant a thing outside her boundaries .
it was n't as if he 'd accomplished a damn thing .
` ` excuse me , major , for not being one hundred percent logical right now , but the way i see it , i ' m entitled to my little breakdown , and i ' m not asking you to do a thing about it . ''
with blackberrys and cell phones , there was no such thing as ` ` unreachable '' in their work world .
` ` you 'll call with details first thing in the morning . ''
in the end it had n't meant a thing .
he 'd told her he was with the nsa and showed her a badge , but had n't shared a single thing about chuck or what was going on .
and while he was at it , maybe he could explain why he 'd felt the need to get so close to her when she did n't know a damn thing about her father 's operation .
their out - of - control , mind - blowing , rock - her - world sex on the ferry did n't have to change a thing .
he shoved the fear away to be dealt with later , since there was n't a thing more he could do about it now .
` ` of course i have n't forgotten a thing . ''
she 'd bet vince knew a thing or two about crowd control .
` ` an i d wo n't mean a thing if you 're dead . ''
vince did n't much like being dismissed by shay , but there was n't a thing he could do about it now , and with the way she was squeezing her watch tighter on her wrist , he feared later would n't be any better .
she had learned an important thing about her prisoner in the basement below .
he 'd come to watch out for chloe and take his mind off of chuck 's recent locale change that he could n't seem to do a damned thing about .
the only thing it seemed they still had in common .
she grasped the gold d initial necklace , the only thing that felt right in her whole insane morning .
she could n't see a thing past the line of tiny motel units .
she was prettier up close than he 'd originally thought , not that he planned to do a thing about it beyond admiring the view .
` ` the first thing i remember is waking up here this morning . ''
you have to admit the amnesia thing 's pretty far - fetched . ''
not that he could do a thing about it .
` ` god , you 're a prickly thing .
must be like the potpourri thing .
` ` thanks , but the drugs and the whole ... every thing ... are still making me nauseous . ''
she 'd been there for him at one of the lowest points of his life and he had taken without giving a thing back .
she forced her hands back to her sides and hoped reis had n't noticed - only to realize the shark - eyed investigator had n't missed a thing .
this child was as big as an adult , and while she knew she had n't done a thing to encourage him ... and ah damn , what a time to be standing outside in her pj 's , albeit more modest than most sleepwear .
he 'd told himself he loved her , but had n't done a thing right in committing .
he never forgot a thing , he just was n't ready .
she still did n't look a thing like anyone in his family .
search - and - rescue teams are combing the area and there 's not a damned thing i can do except wait . ''
` ` truly , though , you do not owe me a thing .
i ' m not offering a thing other than more of your theoretical discussion to clear the air .
he 'd vowed he wanted to shower her with everything , yet always withheld the one thing she craved most , his sole focus .
i would n't change a thing about the incredible man you are . ''
with the gunman waving his ak-47 and extra ammo around , josh could n't do a thing but sit at his desk with a half - completed final exam for advanced incompressible aerodynamics in front of him .
a woman who did n't need a damned thing from him and would only be open about her feelings when pressed to the wall .
and there was n't a damned thing he could do to save her .
` ` that 's one thing we never have to worry about - planning where we 'll be during december . ''
` ` you do n't owe me a thing . ''
finally , he was holding shelby dawson against his chest- and he could n't do a damn thing but comfort her while she crushed his heath bar .
today , he had n't said a thing about loving her still .
maybe it also had something to do with the fact that he 'd finally , found the one thing she needed from him .
not that he would be able to do a damned thing for the injured private .
this worn - out argument again that did not mean a damned thing to her ?
` ` you do n't owe me a thing .
such a silly thing , to be pleased over a compliment , yet it was n't the compliment so much as the desire that accompanied it .
` ` quit playing around and describe the thing to me . ''
darcy spun away to join the safety of her crewdog buds , who never shot sex - laden looks her way , making her question things about herself she was n't ready to answer .
she could insist all day long that he was n't obligated , and it would n't change a thing .
not that he could tell kathleen bennett a thing now .
shelby stuffed away those thoughts that did n't mean a thing since her mother had left .
pam 's return would n't change a thing , even if she bothered to stick around this time .
` ` men can be pretty pigheaded about the whole over - protection thing .
` ` you do n't know a damned thing about me if you did n't realize how betrayed i would feel hearing you 'd kept this flight secret . ''
a woman who made it clear she did n't need a damned thing from him .
frustration with kathleen , with himself , with his growing sense that talking would n't solve a damned thing .
three guns within reach and she could n't do a thing .
working yourself into a frenzy does n't change a thing .
he could n't do a damn thing about it except try to keep the peace and hope like hell her stomach did n't resemble swiss cheese .
too much soul picking would n't accomplish a thing .
she 'd worked like crazy to earn gray 's love a year ago , just as she 'd worked to gain her parents ' attention , and it still had n't changed a thing .
she had n't learned a damn thing from barry .
the whole trust thing is ... scary . ''
another thing she did n't want to lose .
the guy nobody thought would amount to a damn thing .
the most important thing he 'd discovered today was n't on paper .
` ` you did n't miss a thing . ''
` ` then there 's one more thing you ought to know .
` ` i ca n't say that i do because i do n't know a damn thing about your past , but hopefully you 'll fill me in on the details when you get back .
the only thing derek 's info rmation provided was an alibi .
` ` there 's only one thing you need to know about gloria , '' ty said in his gruff , sexy voice .
the one thing about this wedding that had n't been a compromise lay in that bag .
not that she 'd asked a damn thing from him .
another man she 'd accused of not knowing the first thing about keeping promises .
` ` i spoke to you last week and you did n't say a thing .
he cursed himself for not thinking of that kind of thing , for not knowing the little things that would make her feel special .
he doubted she 'd appreciate hearing that information was the one thing he needed .
after stuart 's betrayal , love had been the last thing she 'd believed she 'd wanted or thought she 'd ever find .
` ` i would n't presume to ask you for a thing , except your approval if i can get your daughter to come around to my way of thinking on her own . ''
` ` the most important thing we ' ve taught you girls ? ''
is n't that the first thing they teach you in law school ? ''
by then , you 'll be on your feet and mrs . baxter will be back first thing monday morning . ''
the only means he had to convince her of his trust was to offer the one thing he 'd accused her of wanting more than him .
` ` i just want to buy you a drink , sweet thing . ''
` ` after we f**ked , then no , i do n't believe i ' ve requested a damned thing . ''
` ` that 's another thing that does n't make sense .
` ` not a thing , '' she said too brightly .
obviously she had n't missed a thing .
the way it 's set off from reality and obviously meant to impress , that sort of thing . ''
in that instant , sam knew he was falling for this woman and there was n't a damned thing he could do to stop it .
it did n't take a shrink to figure out that he was running from the pain , but there was n't a damn thing he could do about his overwhelming desire to go .
knowing he could n't deny her a thing , even if it involved more family time , he nodded .
and he could n't tell her a thing .
but the whole peppermint park thing seemed to mean something to him , and the idea of indulging in the creamy dessert held a long - forgotten appeal .
but not a damn thing could have stopped him as he reached out and pulled her into his arms .
the only thing i know about poppies is from the wizard of oz and the deadly poppy field ... '' her eyes opened wide , and jake knew the minute she put two and two together , even before she verbalized her thoughts .
` ` the only thing i ' m understanding in that sentence is the word we .
but i could n't do a damn thing about it until years later . ''
` ` the only thing my appearance should tell you is i would n't miss one of emma 's extravaganzas .
unfortunately it did n't do a thing to detract from his good looks .
` ` i do n't really believe there 's such a thing as too much , do you ? ''
she took a bite of her meal , but did n't taste a thing .
the next thing he heard was the sounds of her moving around , picking things up , putting them down .
she did n't need another thing from him .
head thrown back , hips thrust out , taking the pleasure he delivered , she was the most gorgeous thing he 'd ever seen .
if she could n't have his love - the one thing , the only thing , she wanted from him - then she did n't want anything at all .
` ` this man does n't know the first thing about us or what we had . ''
he loved alex 's wife and would n't deny her a thing .
either way , when this interview process was over , he 'd have the one thing that had been missing all these years .
` ` the only thing i do know is that if it 's going to hurt that much to walk away , it means there 's something meaningful there to begin with . ''
` ` it 's only been two days ... '' his voice trailed off , knowing time did n't mean a damned thing .
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about me , '' ethan said .
she 'd just been dropped off on his doorstep and did n't know a damn thing about him .
chocolate was the most decadent thing in life next to sex , and she 'd said so .
time had n't changed a thing .
he must be a glutton for punishment to ask such a thing .
` ` let 's say for the sake of argument , there is such a thing as a curse .
he was n't accomplishing a damn thing .
even now that the deed was done , he did n't regret a thing .
since amber did n't know where he was , she could n't reveal a thing .
it 's a sad , degenerative thing .
an act of god , nobody 's fault , there 's no such thing as a curse , '' he said , mimicking phrases he 'd obviously heard .
suddenly amber viewed herself and clara as kindred spirits , two women who wanted the same basic thing from life .
friendship was the last thing she wanted from him , but it was better than the disgust he 'd felt for the woman she 'd once been .
pitch - black , she could n't see a thing .
but now she knew there was no such thing as distance .
` ` my daughter - in - law likes to think there 's no such thing as a curse , just like your grandma used to think the town of perkins could be ruled by it . ''
as you ' ve seen for yourself , my parents do n't think i ' ve accomplished a damn thing with my life , so hell yes , 1 wanted to show them a thing or two . ''
as you ' ve seen for yourself , my parents do n't think i ' ve accomplished a damn thing with my life , so hell yes , 1 wanted to show them a thing or two . ''
` ` anyone ever tell you that you 're a stubborn little thing ? ''
in response , he gave her the one thing she needed more than mere words .
dancing with the young wives of his clients today had n't shown lola she meant a damn thing in his life .
she had n't had parents to teach her a damn thing .
a dream , he realized , that would n't mean a damn thing to him if he had to live it alone .
` ` difference is even if i know what i ' m missing , there 's not a damn thing i can do to make you happy .
as team captain , damian had listened to the guys when they 'd had problems that might interfere with their game and he 'd given advice based on his years in the league , but in the short time carter had been with the renegades , he 'd never come to damian for a damn thing .
if the man did n't want anything from riley , riley did n't need a damn thing from him .
as today 's headlines proved , riley did n't know a damn thing about who spencer atkins was or what he wanted .
` ` depends on what you 're offering , sweet thing . ''
and if you do n't mind my saying so , that giving - her - space thing ?
` ` here 's the thing , '' amy said , rejoining hannah and continuing to pack .
i did what i had to and i never asked a damn thing in return .
not that she 'd seen anyone , but obviously , that did n't mean a thing .
jealousy was a nasty little thing .
the only thing i do n't get is why anyone would care if you were with another guy .
for a little thing , she was violent .
` ` that 's not a thing , and i do n't think i can get a job in sex , '' i said .
before him , my studies had been the only thing i 'd filled my time and my brain space with .
i had a blank email document open , but i had n't typed a thing .
remember how cool i was with the whole eddie thing ?
renee 's voice was the first thing i heard when i walked through the door and hung my coat up .
the truth is the most beautiful thing there is , because it 's the most real .
i understand the secret thing .
` ` you 're not this upset about the virginity thing , are you ? ''
her voice was too clear , too pure , too reserved for it to be anything other than the real thing .
she asked , finding it strange that he would be amazed by such a thing .
that whole mr . brown thing is just too weird . ''
and then - then - michael had to listen to the most revolting thing of all .
gee , that could be a problem , since pax did n't know the first thing about repairing computers .
not just because if she was living here , she had a bundle of money , but if her homemade phone screen and firewall were anything to go by , she also knew a thing or two about communication technology and software .
she had n't endured two years in prison without learning a thing or two about survival .
` ` should you decline this summons to appear voluntarily , you will be found in violation of three different statutes- '' ` ` oh , well , that sort of negates the whole voluntary thing , does n't it ? ''
nor did she have time to marvel at how her struggles this evening with santiago dixon were the closest thing she 'd had to a sexual encounter for a decade .
it was the simplest , most basic thing in the world to understand .
` ` man , there 's not one thing of me left in this entire house .
a woman like carly nesbitt , who 'd been pampered and spoiled and coddled from birth , could learn a thing or two about real life in the place where tanner grew up .
when he said nothing , lila clarified , ` ` see , here 's the thing .
which , he supposed , was the most surprising thing of all .
` ` no , here 's the thing , daniel , '' she said softly .
but what marnie felt for him was the most basic thing a human being could feel .
` ` well , there 's no thing , '' she said .
not the parts about never being able to stay in one place and remaining alone for the rest of his life , because those things had always been givens , and neither had ever bothered him before .
` ` it seems to me that 's the one thing you should react instinctively to . ''
a mundane , everyday thing , speech , the thing that set men apart from the animals .
a mundane , everyday thing , speech , the thing that set men apart from the animals .
she had to find out something - some small thing about him .
` ` a poor mad thing , but she sang in such a lovely voice .
strangely , he did n't hear a thing .
usually when ladies offered such a thing to him , they did it in the interest of flirtation , yet miss greaves 's expression was straightforward .
she was an affectionate little thing and she flung herself at once into his arms .
` ` artemis- '' ` ` at the moment , '' she said , suddenly brisk , ` ` the only thing i want is my brother 's release .
poor , darling lord d'arque had n't done a thing besides act the rake he 'd apparently been born .
` ` so i went off to oxford , learned many things , grew into a man , and when i came home to laurelwood , i met clara at a country ball . ''
hopefully this arrangement would be less conspicuous - the last thing he needed was lady beckinhall realizing that he was limping on the same leg that the ghost had been wounded on .
his arms ached from the duel and swinging over the stage , he had n't learned a thing from the coachman , and the night was n't over yet .
` ` there 's one thing i do n't understand , '' lord kershaw said .
how dare he do everything he 'd done to her - and never acknowledge a thing ?
male pride was such a delicate thing .
this child who demanded her maternal love , withered thing though it was .
` ` but then- '' ` ` what a curious thing ye are . ''
in the morning they woke and none of the three could remember a thing .
was his heart made of stone that he could play with lives - her life - so carelessly and not feel a thing ?
` ` i hear she 's a sickly thing .
` ` i think it is , '' she replied , bravely tilting her face to look him in the eye , stubborn thing .
the blade had been engraved with flowers of all things .
` ` you jest , but the ability to laugh is a wonderful thing .
she suckled his tongue , drawing on it as if it were the sweetest thing she 'd ever tasted .
this thing sounds like a made - up story to entice you .
one would probably think it was quite all right , that music was a rather nice thing but nothing very special .
` ` that 's the silliest thing i ' ve ever heard , '' she said , rather too loudly .
why must every single thing be so hard ?
the stream would flow all about her , and she would n't be able to hear a thing from the world above .
sir alistair 's laughter was strange and wonderful and the very best thing she 'd ever heard .
that , finally , was the only thing that restored reason to his brain .
` ` some doubt there 's such a thing at all . ''
but it seemed that hope was a hardy thing , almost impossible to beat down .
the first thing she saw was the enormous black wood bed , draped in linens of such a dark red it was almost black .
it was such an intimate thing , sleeping with another person .
she added some little round onions and stirred the whole thing .
she had a bruise on one cheek , and there was gore splattered in her hair , but she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
she 'd laugh if she 'd heard it ; she was such a prickly little thing .
` ` you 're such a prickly little thing , '' he said .
` ` you do n't know a thing about me . ''
jasper might be the closest thing she had to a brother , he might be scandalously liberal about love affairs and matters of the flesh , but when you came right down to it , he was a viscount .
sam jolted with each impact , but strangely , he did n't feel a thing .
a kiss was such a basic thing , a thing easily given , but she wanted this kiss to be more .
a kiss was such a basic thing , a thing easily given , but she wanted this kiss to be more .
so , all things being equal , i think i 'll keep your sweet company . ''
` ` you do n't have to share a damn thing .
` ` no , but they did n't do a thing to try to crush the prf movement .
` ` this ' marriage thing ' ? ''
` ` i do n't want a damn thing from you , '' he said with a soft chuckle .
she 'd be moving to the palace tomorrow , and as much as trevor hated the thought , he knew he could n't do a damn thing about it .
she sat through dinner pretending it was the most delicious thing she 'd ever tasted , without bothering to tell me that i put waaaaay too much hot sauce in everything- '' ` ` hot sauce ? ''
you did n't know her , and you do n't know a goddamn thing about our relationship . ''
and she did n't appreciate a damn thing about him .
` ` angelo did n't suspect a thing .
but she knew some blood between her legs would only turn him on even more , and the wrist - slitting thing ... well , he 'd probably be the one handing her the razor if she refused to f**k him .
that weird hum in her body did n't mean a damn thing .
and she would n't owe that man a damn thing now .
` ` i did n't ask you to do a damn thing for me ! ''
his pride was the only thing that mattered to him , and she 'd taken a damn sledgehammer to it .
` ` you do n't know a thing about my father . ''
she did n't know a thing about him .
they refused to let her be part of the extraction team and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it .
for once they were on the same side , but there was n't a damn thing either of them could do to win this fight .
that all the time we ' ve spent together , in and out of bed , has n't meant a damn thing to you . ''
` ` you do n't know a f**king thing about me , isabel . ''
this is the most special thing you can give me .
knowing that the most astonishing thing they can share is themselves ?
hot showers and meals were a thing of the past .
there were n't many things my kind enjoyed outside of blood and death but though i had no firsthand experience of it , i knew the other thing they found pleasure in was sex .
his blood was the most delicious thing i 'd ever tasted as i nibbled at his lip .
i felt as if the thing had shriveled to the size of a raisin .
it was the oddest , most unnerving thing i had ever seen and all i could do was gape at her .
the first thing i looked for was the bathroom , which i found in a small room behind the counter .
there were no bandages but there was a small thing of antibiotic cream and i ripped up a shirt to use as a makeshift bandage .
it was all he could do to sit on the bed silently and wait for her to reveal the one thing she knew would keep them apart .
she 'd let him see the truth of her and now she 'd just exposed the one thing that made her most vulnerable .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about this , '' she confided .
` ` the thing i do n't understand , '' javier said , inhaling the baby 's scent , ` ` is why whitney thinks we would stop .
she 'd been the closest thing he had to a sister .
let him have this one little thing ?
` ` we do n't know the first thing about this character .
poor mama did n't know a thing about me except that i was too smart for my own good . ''
no one had thought a thing of the teen with his skateboard , weaving in and out of the crowd .
` ` yeah , i 'll try to remember about that dreaming thing . ''
that 's the thing i find interesting .
controversy had raged over whether there was such a thing as psychic ability , and if one had it , whether it could really be channeled to track a killer .
crawl on your hands and knees , right past your old man who did n't do a thing to save you .
he could go from not feeling a damned thing to - this .
` ` we do n't know the first thing about this man .
she was hemorrhaging internally and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
` ` that 's not giving up a thing . ''
i can slap your ass in a safe house with ten guards on you around the clock and there 's not a thing you can do about it , so do n't tell me i ' m not compromising here . ''
it was n't exactly shocking , he suspected she was hiding from someone , but it was very unusual that he could n't find out every last thing about her , especially when he had her fingerprints .
deliberately he provoked her , wanting the shadows gone from her eyes , wanting to see her laugh , the real thing , the one that she reserved for him alone .
` ` it is n't the same thing . ''
the only thing i can give you is the certainty there will be no other woman .
mari 's room was stark , not a thing out of place .
you do n't know the first thing about making love .
` ` you know they are n't going to look up unless they hear something , and they wo n't hear a thing if our boys come in using halo .
whoever is doing the monitoring will never suspect a thing . ''
he was a man who would constantly need to protect her , to make the decisions , and there was n't a damned thing he could do to change that .
not a single thing about him being shot and nothing in the media about whitney 's laboratory .
his grip on sean 's throat was the only thing preventing the man from falling .
` ` that 's just the thing , '' dr . lily whitney - miller said .
` ` does n't do a thing for me . ''
everyone remembered her beautiful voice , but no one knew any thing about her disappearance .
just because she had a crescent of flames over her hip did n't mean a thing .
no one seems to have heard or seen a damn thing . ''
he 'll just think his men missed one of your stashes and he 'll be mad as hell at them , but he wo n't be able to do a thing about it . ''
` ` here 's the thing , burrell .
` ` because i love her and she rarely asks me for any thing .
` ` watching you fight is a thing of beauty , gator . ''
it did n't do a damn thing but give him satisfaction when he found out .
so he probably knows every private thing in their lives .
` ` you don ' have to do a thing , i promise .
it was a small thing , but it was a betrayal .
you smell like a swamp rat , and it just does n't do a thing to put me in the mood . ''
how we walk a path , that sort of thing . ''
he 's silly enough to disagree with me over the amount of milk that goes into tea or some other inconsequential thing .
there was n't a damned thing he could do about it either .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about crystals , dahlia . ''
she drew a deep , steadying breath and continued walking with him as if she did n't hear a thing .
` ` and he 's handy with guns and knives and all sorts of other nasty weapons a pretty little thing like you would n't want to know about . ''
louise knows me , knows my clearance , and the only thing she really told me in the entire conversation was jesse 's condition and that 's because no directive came down saying it was to be treated as classified .
she would allow them to come see her at work , even meet her to have lunch , that kind of thing .
the most important thing was the access code .
i do n't know a thing about you except i ca n't exactly bring you home to my mother and father .
does n't do a thing for me , '' jubal said dryly .
i could n't see a thing . ''
she was so numb that the only thing she could feel on her skin was the sensation of the earth .
and now she was the only thing standing between him and his triumph .
he will not feel a thing .
he could n't give tatijana the most basic thing between lifemates - the blood of life .
the thing paul did n't yet understand - and perhaps josef did n't either - he was far too young - she was equally as devoted to dimitri .
i felt as if i was a partner to you , someone who could give you every single thing you needed and deserved .
not only do i not know the first thing about pleasing a partner , i find the entire idea repugnant . ''
` ` i do n't know the first thing about pleasing you , dimitri , and that bothers me .
` ` i never suspected a thing .
i hear it , too , but that does n't mean a damn thing , mon chaton feroce .
` ` your sister is a fiery little thing .
as if the voice was a recording and not the real thing .
the only thing she could see was the dim light of the garage through the cloth .
even though neither judy nor rick said a thing about their marriage being temporary , seemed sawyer already came to his own conclusions .
he 'd never , not once , said a thing about his military days .
his fingers gripped the wheel and for a full minute he did n't say a thing .
max ca n't find a damn thing about an operation raven .
the irony was , neil would n't have said a thing .
a wave of uncertainty crossed mary 's features , but she did n't say a thing .
he had walked around her home making sure there was n't anyone lurking in the shadows and had n't said a thing .
` ` you sure have a thing or two to learn about manners ! ''
it was the closest thing to a compliment as any from her father .
but the thing you need to understand is richard turned for you .
` ` sexy little thing , i imagine he wants her for a mate . ''
i chose not to say a thing until we get there .
` ` she- '' dakota liked to think she knew a thing or two about men .
we do n't know a damn thing about our parents until they reach seventy and then we know everything .
` ` she did n't say a thing , carol ann . ''
` ` this baby thing ...
the scheduling problem had taken place the first hours on jamaica and there was n't a damn thing monica could do to fix it .
you know , that one thing in my life that i need to make every day worth living . ''
` ` i know the club but could n't tell you a thing about the picture .
outside the conference room , he did n't hear a thing .
if her biological mother had some kind of secret or need to keep savannah away from her , the last thing i want to do is blow that up in the woman 's face .
katie waved him off as if he had n't said a thing .
` ` he never said a thing about the italian cars i drove home . ''
none of her family suspected a thing and for that , she was profoundly grateful .
and you 're the closest thing i have to a sister .
` ` i 'll bet you could tell some stories about working the graveyard shift at denny 's , '' jack said , trying hard as hell to get her to reveal a thing or two about herself .
you might even learn a thing or two about your employees and yourself before the night is over .
i swear i did n't say a thing .
` ` i did n't hear a thing ... all night .
danny 's head was buried in a game he 'd set up beside gaylord and could n't have heard a thing .
you know , this talking in our head thing is coming in handy .
simon nodded , knowing he did n't need to say a thing to his aunt .
electricity was a beautiful thing .
` ` start at the beginning and do n't leave a thing out . ''
no one asked or said a thing .
she 'd learned a thing or two living on the streets .
she bit her lip and squeezed fin 's hand , but she did n't say a thing .
more steel met with steel but they could n't see a thing .
liz wanted to correct her sister but instead added , ` ` then i hope he finds her soon , so she can teach him a thing or two about women . ''
damn kids are n't listening to a thing .
` ` ah , well ... '' the girl did n't give him time to say a thing .
well , it 's safe to say the circle thing has some validity to it . ''
the sun had set and she could n't see a thing .
not that it mattered , because tara did n't taste a thing .
` ` i doubt my sister knows any such thing . ''
` ` now , do n't say a thing .
the ploy worked and no one suspected a thing .
` ` you get your panties in a wad over the slightest little thing . ''
i do n't know a thing about cars but even i can tell that there is a lot of power under this shiny black hood .
it 's a tangible thing .
what is it about that one motion , that one tiny thing , that always sticks in my head ?
` ` i remembered my mother 's funeral , but i did n't remember a thing about finn 's .
` ` the human body is an amazing thing , '' he says by way of explanation .
and then i wish i had n't said a thing because her eyes light up and widen with a revelation .
he had no inkling that the rest of the world was n't like him and she would n't change a single thing about him .
and she knew that the only thing he saw when he thought of her was a big , fat , binding obligation .
it was incredible how she used to take such an important thing for granted .
` ` do n't think a thing about it .
do n't worry , no one will feel a thing .
you know , when you were standing outside not doing a thing to help . ''
and once i was born , you did n't do a thing for me .
` ` i asked for a small thing .
he stood directly in front of me and his mouth was moving , but i could n't hear a thing .
it 's all over for now and soon you wo n't recall a thing about it .
how could you even fathom such a thing ?
` ` the only thing i want to know about woodmore is that he is dead . ''
` ` it 's the only thing i have from you ... except the ruby earbobs .
maia could n't hear a thing over the rushing sound in her ears and the pounding of her heart .
he did n't want to hear a thing about miss woodmore .
` ` there is n't a damned thing i can do to change it , '' he said .
knowing that she had influence was a nebulous thing ... but it was probably the only reason she was n't engulfed in the flames of fury by lucifer .
moksha was a powerful thing .
the only thing i know about him is he 's got a mean right hook .
` ` i do n't think closure is the only thing she was hoping for . ''
and sometimes they did n't do a damn thing .
hey , there , pretty thing !
` ` guess what , sweet thing ?
she did n't know how this whole creating fire thing worked .
` ` not tellin ' you a damn thing about how i hunt . ''
the last thing she remembered ... carlos had been- carlos .
he had n't heard a thing .
but right then , he did n't see a damn thing .
he could n't hear a thing .
brandt 's packmates had n't done a thing to save her .
only ... sam looked like he had n't heard a thing .
horror was the only thing he saw in holly 's eyes then .
the cold does n't do a thing to me , but it can hurt you .
` ` baby , you do n't even know the first thing about a real prison . ''
make him tell you every single thing he knows about this keegan . ''
yeah , there was one thing eric seemed to be missing ... ` ` she wo n't .
connor did n't recall a damn thing about him and as for duncan ... duncan did n't even know me when we first met .
` ` trace , i need more- '' ` ` i 'll give you every f**king thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing , '' he murmured .
` ` then not a damn thing until i woke up in this place . ''
he was n't treating her like a delicate doll or like a victim - and she wanted every single thing he had to give her .
` ` but i 'll get mine , and i ' m about to get it right now ... '' ` ` you 're not going to get any damned thing , '' trace promised him .
` ` no , '' he said softly , ` ` i do n't think the name should mean a thing to you . ''
` ` you were , um , you were telling me about the construction upstairs- '' he could n't remember a damn thing that he 'd been saying to chuck .
he could n't see a damn thing .
but the only thing inside that package was a picture .
every single thing that you know about him .
` ` you do n't know a thing about her- '' jasmine laughed and proceeded to bs her way straight ahead .
the last thing he remembered was the fire .
` ` here 's the thing , '' saxon said as he turned to look at elizabeth once more .
` ` he 's not going to tell you a damn thing .
` ` there 's one thing i wo n't risk for him . ''
` ` okay , well , first thing you need to know is it 's water - based , so if you want to change colors , you just rinse your brush in the can .
but all the tears i had for that are gone and the only thing left is a dull ache .
` ` and yet no one thought to tell me a thing . ''
i ' m ridiculously nervous about tarin coming , and i know i ' m not going to be able to eat a thing until he 's come and gone .
the only thing in there is a pile of my clothes i have n't bothered to wash since i ' ve arrived .
the only thing i can sense inside the headspace where austin normally resides is peace and acceptance .
like , i do n't get that warm fuzzy feeling that what i do means something to people , changes lives , that kind of thing .
brian knows he 's the lucky one , favorite parent title or not ; he gets to tuck liam in most nights and see him first thing in the morning with his hair sticking out all over the place .
this whole joking around thing is foreign to her .
he acts like that 's such a simple thing , when in reality , it 's everything .
you know , the free fingerprint thing ? ''
` ` it 's the perfect place to murder a group of kids ; no one would hear a thing . ''
it ca n't be a like a word - for - word thing ... just general ideas . ''
sarah glared at her , pissed candi would even suggest such a thing about her feelings towards her own twin brother .
other boxes revealed much of the same thing , all of their contents rusted and none of them usable as any parts for any type of operating machine .
basically check the phone for usability , human factors , that kind of thing . ''
the only thing they could see was spinning , spinning , spinning and a great yawning , foaming whiteness .
the only thing you can really see is the black of their eyes . ''
i ca n't see a thing . ''
this whole great - outdoors , freezing nostril hairs , pulling cow babies out of bovine vjs , wearing unflattering puffy jackets thing ?
that kind of thing makes guys nervous .
the very first thing i noticed when we walked in that direction was a cowboy hat .
i ' m thinking lots of stuff too , and i ' m wondering if you 're thinking the same thing . ''
but i did n't know a single thing about him other than the fact that he does n't wear underwear and he 's got a big cock - a - doodle doo that he definitely knows how to use .
her nostrils flared , but she did n't say a thing .
up until now i 'd been thinking that the only thing standing in the way of me marrying bradley was a piece of paper and a signature .
just like maeve had said yesterday , sometimes when a person 's life is so out of control and scary , the only thing that can give it any sense or meaning is structure .
there 's such a thing in the world as manners .
` ` you wo n't smell a thing , '' colin says .
i ' m kinda liking the whole ma'am thing .
the only thing that stops me is the word no . ''
` ` so ... '' i c**k an eyebrow up at him , ` ` ... what 's this mysterious thing you want to show me ?
only thing i can see is your fat little cheek . ''
there 's only one tiny little thing missing from this picture , but i do n't spend a whole lot of time thinking about that one little thing .
the stage is empty and the only thing visible on it is a pole .
i can only imagine what 's going on in them since the only thing i can see clearly from where i ' m standing is the stage and a few tables around it .
` ` hell yes , there 's a problem , '' i say sharply , fired up by my imaginings of his character and the whole cat - pee thing .
ah , but power was a wonderful thing .
after his last demonstration , in that same pit - forsaken alley , she should n't have forgotten any damn thing .
i 'll get a finger - print check on it - any damn thing we need , i 'll get .
not a damn thing he could do about it .
holly wanted him , he wanted her , and he 'd make sure he gave her every single thing she desired in this life .
she did n't belt out the lyrics or croon or any damn thing like that .
` ` not a damn thing , '' colin snapped .
` ` i do n't have to do a damned thing for you- '' ` ` for me . ''
because in that last moment , her sister had cried out for her , helplessly , and cara had n't been able to do a damn thing to save her .
he actually did n't want to tell him a damn thing about emily .
` ` there is such a thing as patient confidentiality , you know . ''
and i could n't read a thing from him . ''
he 'd seen the fear in her eyes , and there had n't been a damn thing he could do about it .
` ` a killer was there , and i ca n't remember a thing about him . ''
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about emma ! ''
` ` the only thing between the two of you is what you put there .
` ` i know a thing or two about adrenaline rushes .
` ` of course , there is one other thing you can give me , '' cooper said , aware that his voice had roughened even more than normal .
` ` that 's why i asked if she actually is his daughter , because that 's the only thing making sense on my end .
` ` actually , maybe the lie is the only thing that does matter at this point .
their fingerprints had been burned away , and , so far , no one can figure out a single thing about their pasts . ''
the last thing he remembered was the gunfire .
he thrust his tongue past her lips , and she was the sweetest thing he 'd ever tasted .
` ` that fool did n't teach me a thing ! ''
` ` as far as i can tell , the woman does n't know a thing about the eod .
he did n't know a damn thing about that life .
the last thing she needed to know was just how sadistic cale could be .
it did n't mean a damn thing .
` ` i did n't tell them a thing about my father .
i ca n't remember a damn thing , but she 's got power over you now .
` ` not a ... damn ... thing ... '' blood spilled from his lips .
` ` not a shifter ... '' ` ` brody , you do n't need to know a damn thing about her ! ''
` ` shit , if maya and her man get to her first , they 'll take her away and we wo n't find out a damn thing about the dust . ''
the wolves from my father 's pack - they were n't doing a damn thing .
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about me . ''
the perseus agent did n't know a damn thing .
several hundred kids were in that dorm , and no one heard a damn thing . ''
their eyes- and their noses - probably did n't miss a thing .
` ` you do n't have to explain a damn thing to them . ''
she screamed for zane because she knew beth was going after him , and she could n't do a damn thing to stop the bitch .
i gave but i did n't take a single thing from you . ''
` ` if they bit you , there 's not a damn thing you can do about it now . ''
` ` tell dee ... tell her i did n't do a damn thing . ''
` ` i do n't smell a damn thing , well ... those azaleas but- '' ` ` it 's the way shifters recognize each other , '' jude told him .
` ` but i ca n't tell you a single thing about his face . ''
` ` that whole keeping - my - hands - to - myself thing , if you want to change that rule , all you have to do is say so . ''
the rain had n't done a thing to cool his arousal .
a woman with power is a f**king beautiful thing to behold . ''
jude could hardly hear , and he still could n't smell a damn thing .
jude glanced down , desperate for a sight of that pink flesh , but her skirt covered her and he could n't see a damn thing .
` ` no , i did n't hear a damn thing . ''
he was still horny as hell , and feeling her ass against him , holding her to his chest , well , it was the closest thing to relief he was going to get .
to the right , well , she did n't hear or smell a damn thing but death from the right tunnel branch .
` ` i have n't forgotten a damn thing ! ''
the last thing he 'd expected to find in those caverns was a door .
she could n't see a damn thing .
i ca n't tell if you 're angry or scared or if you do n't f**king feel a thing . ''
i ca n't do a damn thing . ''
` ` i want to know every damn thing about you . ''
` ` you talked plenty about the past , but you did n't tell me a damn thing about what walker did to you in that cabin . ''
you do n't have to do a damn thing but stay here and let me take care of this for you . ''
his head was down , his shoulders slumped , and he was n't saying a thing .
` ` you know you 're the closest thing i have to a son . ''
no one saw a damn thing . ''
` ` this is n't your chance for any damned thing .
his last few moments , and you did n't get a damn thing . ''
just because frank had one in his garage did n't mean a damn thing .
he could n't tell a thing about the shape of her body , not in that thick uniform , but she was tall , just a few inches shy of his own six foot three .
` ` and i did n't see a damn thing else .
when you ca n't do a thing but watch . ''
no , he had n't heard a damn thing that monica had told him .
` ` you do n't know a thing about her ! ''
but the guy had n't been able to tell her a thing .
neither did she , and that did n't mean a thing .
she was working on her profile , talking to the crime scene guys , huddling with gerry the tech , and not telling him a thing .
he had n't felt a thing before .
apparently , he had n't learned a damn thing from the mistakes of his past .
she does n't remember a damn thing , ryan . ''
but he had n't gone to her , because he could n't offer her the one thing that she needed .
` ` you wo n't take a damn thing from me . ''
there 's not a damn thing you can do to stop the change . ''
i choke up , thinking evelyn was probably the closest thing he had to a mother other than his sister .
the last thing dallas finds in the case is a postcard much like the ones she sends to sloane .
they would n't tell me a thing .
the last thing you need so soon after returning is more problems .
so i pull back out onto the wet streets and find my way home , sneaking in without my parents ever hearing a thing .
` ` michael wanted me to give you one last thing , '' she says .
i can tell you a million times how sorry i am , and i know it does n't change a thing .
it was such a simple thing , and yet it broke and fixed my heart all at once .
so i shut the phone off and did n't change a thing .
and i should n't really be mad about the notebook thing .
they 're so high off their own fumes , they did n't hear a thing from the locker room .
how my mother thought living was the most important thing .
` ` as marceline told me , '' i say , ` ` there is no such thing as impossible . ''
` ` i like the whole rough - around - the - edges thing he 's got going on .
the only thing i can offer her as a friend is the need , a way to help her .
his wolf began pacing inside him , clawing at him , wanting freedom , wanting to hunt down his mate - the only thing that really meant anything to him .
not a thing could have made nick move from where he was except for the tears now filling her eyes .
that was n't the same thing at all .
it 's not like it 's a little thing . ''
she could n't hear a thing over the hissing , sizzling , crackling , and popping around her .
` ` you could learn a thing or two from jaime , '' said trick .
` ` that 's where a little thing called practice comes in , baby , and you 'll get plenty of that throughout your training .
he sees an alliance with a wolf as powerful as roscoe to be the best thing that 's ever come out of my existence . ''
` ` there 's one thing i really do n't get .
` ` and that just makes the whole thing so much sweeter . ''
` ` now really , greta , anger is such an ugly thing . ''
the only thing preventing taryn from reacting was that trey was growling , warning the female away from him .
what 's this thing about you and trey sharing women ? ''
after all , the only thing i really want is for the others to see me take you down .
` ` you should know one other thing .
the main thing was that they would recover .
do n't leave a single thing out . ''
well see , here 's the thing .
what i 'd learned from luther in advance was that the entire thing would be spoken in latin .
` ` if the guards overhear this conversation - '' ` ` they will not hear a thing just as they can not sense me .
of course , from outside the forest i could n't see a thing .
` ` that 's a little thing called denial . ''
` ` i ' m not telling you a thing until you drop the slap - head thing .
` ` there 's one thing you 'll learn about me in training tomorrow . ''
` ` oh and sam , there is one last thing before you go , '' called antonio casually as i reached the door .
you must appreciate that when one has so much time on their hands and not much to entertain them , the smallest thing can become intriguing . ''
one minute he 's laughing and joking with you but then the slightest thing changes his mood . ''
and i had n't been able to do a goddamn thing about it .
shit , i kept forgetting about the zombie eye thing .
but my logical mind took over , reminding me that every weapon we 'd used against the demon so far had n't done a damn thing , other than blind him and make him bleed , which did n't mean much since he was now another step closer to me than he had been two seconds ago and he 'd bled enough that he should have been dead by now .
you never suspected a thing , did you ?
i do n't know the thing thing .
man , is he ever good with the eyebrow thing .
i wondered how far he could go with that disappeary - smokey thing .
within seconds , the only thing i could hear - the only thing i wanted to hear - was this new sound .
within seconds , the only thing i could hear - the only thing i wanted to hear - was this new sound .
i totally understand the headache thing .
apparently the whole ' deserving to be fae ' thing was a hot button for him - a truly inspired shot to the heart .
the one thing that could ultimately become the most important thing about me , the most special thing i could ever claim for myself , tony will never and can never know about it .
he had better knock that shit off or i was gon na coma - size him , or whatever that thing was called that i did , making everyone go nutty with the green .
i think we should do what we can to get near him , see who his friends are , that kind of thing .
this should have been the first thing you learned , before testing your skills .
no - the only thing i saw was fear mingled with sadness .
i still could n't figure out the cigarette thing , though .
i did n't remember a thing after my exchange with ivar - not even any dreams .
i was sure that my tree was feeling those things when we connected .
` ` first of all , '' i said , ` ` what is this amulet thing ? ''
` ` jared is a daemon - not ' demon ' , that 's a different thing altogether .
` ` oh , so you 're on board with the whole kifirin thing now , are you ? ''
i hear my girls do n't know a damn thing about me , now , and is n't that a slap in the face ? ''
that 's the best thing i ' ve ever eaten . ''
astralan did n't have a thing to be ashamed of , sliding into the water easily .
` ` not a damn thing , i guess , '' gavril admitted reluctantly .
never gave a damn thing back .
neither ry nor i asked any questions about stellar winds ; we asked instead about the relationship he had with maris , when he 'd seen her last , that sort of thing .
they 'd stayed quite late , drinking , laughing and not saying one damned thing that we wanted to hear .
` ` she never asked me for a damned thing .
` ` i would n't try too hard - i think teeg san gerxon might show all of you a thing or two , '' garde pointed out .
he could n't do a damn thing about it and he knew it .
` ` pastry was the first thing i learned how to make , '' i said .
the only thing truly missing here was good , fresh fish .
` ` some kind of stiff thing , huh ? ''
i do n't know why , but the first thing my hands find in the morning when i stumble into the bathroom is the set of hair clippers i got with my dauntless credits yesterday .
another firstoh the sleeping thing , perhaps ?
and because it 's folded over - i can not see a thing through it .
` ` the ownership thing , that 's just terminology and goes back to the principle of obeying .
is he referring to that or just the champagneis this whole champagne thing more ?
he knows i am referring to the touch thing .
` ` you 're a bossy little thing , are n't you ? ''
thing ... little blip is not a thing .
` ` mrs . grey , you are a bossy little thing ... '' ` ` yes .
` ` i was only missing one thing , angel .
i ' ve actually learned a few new things about plants , too . ''
` ` so , tell me about this whole reed - running - around - the - cows - naked thing . ''
i want to know that i ' m not picking up my entire life and moving out to the country for a man who does n't want the same things i want . ''
he looked directly at me , but i looked away , continuing to explain the engagement thing to my parents .
she closed her eyes and did n't say a thing .
i read through the letter and decided to not change a thing .
a world where he never let me walk out of his life like i never meant a thing to him .
zoey still held that one last thing over me .
she was a tiny little thing .
did n't she think about her own life when she came up with this whole pregnancy thing ? ''
abigail had a way of getting what she wanted from me , and the only thing she ever wanted from me was sex .
i kind of know a thing or two about this subject .
this whole bruce thing is n't sitting right with me . ''
i had the strangest feeling that i was losing her ... and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
i did n't feel a fucking thing .
the first thing was silk handcuffs .
the only thing i really knew about his life before then was that his high school girlfriend had died right after his freshman year of college .
the only thing i do know is that women were placed on this earth to drive men insane , and i do n't really give a shit about them anymore . ''
i could n't hear a thing .
your laughter is the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever heard , and i plan on hearing it every day for the rest of our lives . ''
that is the only thing on earth that i need from you .
they said they would let me in the delivery room with her , and no one is telling me a thing .
he would treat me like i could n't do a thing if he knew i was in so much pain .
material goods did n't mean a damn thing .
i knew it was n't edward holland 's fault , but the diamond fortune he 'd inherited from his family and gone on to expand with wise investments that diversified his business portfolio was the very thing that had polluted my father .
` ` i would never do anything to make either one of you uncomfortable or upset , but from what i ' ve learned from both of you , you 're both dancing around each other and you have n't really learned a thing about each other that means something .
when his attention returned to me , he said , ` ` why is a pretty thing like you drowning your sorrows ? ''
` ` henry does n't know a thing . ''
i had n't eaten a thing .
and yet i 'd discovered that worse than the pain of watching the man i loved walk out on me was the cruel , grasping , cloying pain of that abysmal little thing called hope .
so the only thing you 'll have left of me are those fucking photographs . ''
i do n't trust her but she 's the closest thing i have to a friend on the consilium .
max has become one of his closest friends these past months , and yet he has n't told her a thing .
` ` that 's not a real thing ; it 's just a song . ''
` ` she said a friend talked her into going to the campus health center , and i ' ve talked to dozens of people , and no one ever mentioned a thing , no one thought to suggest it .
she did n't hear a thing until ... ` ` ari , step away from him . ''
i ' m rethinking this whole shark - chum thing .
when i 'd been dating alex , i 'd barely felt a thing .
not a thing was penetrating my thick skull - my thick skull that was painted with images of jake from last night .
` ` so you do know how to answer that thing after all , '' jake observed somewhat caustically .
i jumped on the idea , suddenly not wanting to be alone with jake because i knew he was like a dog with a bone and would interrogate me about my family and then ask me about the whole ` ` nape '' thing again until i told him the truth .
i ' m missing whatever that thing is that makes men care . ''
` ` it 's just a little thing . ''
` ` you might think charley taking me back is a bad idea , but stop letting that color every single thing you know about her .
i 'd been snapping at him for every little thing because i was pissed at you .
a year ago i would have been able to look at the sketch and feel nothing but a prickle of pain - a ghostly reminder rather than the real thing .
` ` you knew exactly what i was getting into and did n't do a thing to stop me . ''
i 'd made assumptions ( which i still believed were true ) , but i did n't know a thing about cole 's past , his present , or what made him tick .
this whole ` ` thing '' was perplexing .
it hit him in the chest , and it did n't do a thing to him .
` ` i think we need to start with this whole halfling thing , '' i decided .
i did n't do a damn thing as i stared at him .
instead of that being a thing of relief , it brought forth a great sense of foreboding .
` ` that 's the thing , '' said tessa , surprising herself .
mae had been called worse and had learned to ignore that kind of thing long ago .
tessa had heard pieces of this story before but never understood the full thing .
asked justin , as though that were actually a real thing .
the only thing it provided was a good vantage to shine her light down on the main room .
i was rapidly reaching a point in my pregnancy where sex sounded like the least appealing thing ever .
giving her something - even a strip of dried meat - seemed like such a small thing .
that 's the charming thing , you see .
i 'd never thought of holding one 's head up as a milestone , but as isaac 's little neck muscles fought to accomplish the feat , i saw that it truly was an amazing thing .
the only thing it provided was a psychological sense of modesty .
the only thing you need to know is that it 's made me reassess my priorities in life and what really matters . ''
emma did n't so much as glance my way , and i dared hope that the only thing she 'd heard was duncan 's hasty photosynthesis excuse .
` ` well , that 's the thing , your majesty .
the only thing you need to worry about is how fast nina 's going to send me packing . ''
no one 'll suspect a thing .
the one thing we do n't have is the location of where they 're holding her .
` ` that was about the only thing we got from alicia .
things like that , cheeses signed like artworks , were unknown in kizzy 's house , where they had either salty lumpish cheese her mother made or an army - feeding slab of impossibly orange stuff from the superstore .
she was a lovely little thing , this child .
before the political agent 's wife could sweep over and scoop up her child , estella leaned down , pressed her fingertip gently but firmly to the baby 's lips and whispered , ` ` you will stay silent , wo n't you , little thing ?
and slowly , in silence , they ate their soup without tasting a thing .
what is this thing you call ` ` religion '' ?
it was there , and it was a very large thing to suddenly know .
it was the best thing morgan toth had ever heard .
and the most amazing thing about it is that the migration is multigenerational .
an empty thing , as a shell left on a beach .
i want , it said , and it seemed to come from deep within her , from a place , perhaps , where many things were patiently waiting to be discovered .
somehow , he could summon it , and that was n't the same thing at all .
from the pocket of her bag she collected one small thing that she 'd been been carrying since the sultan 's picnic on the floor of the desert hotel in morocco , a couple of days past .
maybe we could learn a thing or two from them .
between tight lips she said , ` ` not a thing . ''
i know a thing or two about the workings of the female mind . ''
between tight lips , she said , ` ` not a thing . ''
the first thing i see is a photo of us on his desk .
i can tell by charlie 's reaction that she did n't recognize a single thing about the woman she spoke to on the phone .
the only thing i have is a picture of a gate , and i did n't even take the picture .
but i do n't remember a single thing about this encounter , so it feels like we 're watching two complete strangers share an intimate moment .
does that not mean a damn thing to you ? ''
` ` i do n't normally do that sort of thing .
i know a thing or two about obsession .
my emotions are all out of whack , and the only thing i know is that today at that protest , i felt invisible .
` ` that 's another thing we have different definitions of .
` ` i think you 're just frustrated , and maybe it feels right now like- '' the thing i like about her ... that air of sunshine that radiates off her ... it 's the same damn thing that i ca n't stand .
` ` maybe we can both learn a thing or two from each other . ''
` ` i know a thing or two about you , moore .
i have n't asked you for anything in your life , and you ca n't give me this one thing ?
i suck at the whole meeting new people thing .
but sometimes if you stand still , all those things will snap back into place like a rubber band .
that was n't the only thing beckoning for a taste , though .
that thing i could n't push to untangle no matter how tempted i was .
but then , oh my goodness , jillian , it was the sweetest thing .
will ye no let me gi'e ye this small thing in return ? ''
with the door above shut , i could n't see a thing ; luckily jamie seemed able to steer by radar .
not a ' by your leave , ' not an ' i 'll send word , ' not a thing but ' dear mother , i have gone to edinburgh .
you catch one of the little fish with the goods , and they 're saying not a thing will lead you further on .
some small thing inside me suddenly snapped ; i heard it , distinctly .
` ` there was the one thing he would take from me . ''
i had to tell them that i scarcely knew willoughby - that we 'd met him on the packet boat from martinique , and thought it kindly to introduce him about , but didna ken a thing of where he came from , or the sort of fellow he truly was . ''
for one thing , i thought i had best speak to you first , and see whether you were in such agreement with william 's sentiments as he appears to think . ''
but he doesna ken a thing about you . ''
` ` you did n't know a thing about me when you married me . ''
and really , '' he added quickly , ` ` the only thing that 's not optional - to be a presbyterian - is a belief in jesus christ .
he could n't see a thing ; the slope was a jumble of rock and heather , liberally splotched with scrubby gorse bushes and the odd sprout of rowan and alder .
she could n't see a thing save the swirls of color that were her retinas ' response to sudden dark , but she was only ten feet or so inside the tunnel and could still hear the sound of the bolts sliding home ; they were worked by big wheels on the outside of the steel doors and made a grinding sound like bones being chewed .
that was one thing gained from the present situation : i 'd left the horrid dead leper 's cloak aboard the teal .
` ` and your nose is sunburnt , too , the wee thing . ''
` ` cousin brianna would have a thing or two to say about that , '' he said , with a nod through the half - built bridge below .
that kind of thing should n't be lost , aye ? ''
i recognized the name , though the only thing i knew about daniel morgan - a footnote in brianna 's eighth - grade history book - was that he was a famous rifleman .
the last thing i saw before sleep took me was young ian 's face across the fire , rapt at hearing of the scotland that had vanished just as he himself was born .
gates gave a bleak glance to a thick stack of handwritten papers , perhaps drafts of the thing .
it seems rather paradoxical - though maybe it 's only logic ( ask roger whether there is such a thing as a logical paradox , will you ?
didna ken the first thing about the wilderness , not much more about crops .
no one will see a thing , unless they go poking about . ''
i dinna understand one thing about ye !
i might ha ' been doing anything , and ye 'd never ken a thing about it ! ''
with her face so exposed , the delicate bones made stark , the intentness of her expression - with those yellow eyes darting like a hawk 's from one thing to another - was the most unwomanly thing he had ever seen .
like forgiveness , it was not a thing once learned and then comfortably put aside but a matter of constant practice - to accept the notion of one 's own mortality , and yet live fully , was a paradox worthy of socrates .
smith , who plainly knew a thing or two about interrogation , cocked a brow at him .
grey knew a thing or two about it , too , and sat back , sipping his applejack insouciantly , as though quite sure his statement had settled matters .
` ` but , '' he said , and stopped , searching for the way to go on , because now they were coming to the most perilous part of his confession , the thing that might make rachel stand up and walk away , dragging his heart behind her through the rocks and brush .
i wondered , how important a thing is that ?
should they hear a thing about your man , they could get word to us swiftly . ''
for one thing , if someone i talk to is involved , they 're probably likely to try to stop me asking questions . ''
` ` not a thing , so far as i ken , '' buck answered , with a brief shrug .
he 'd be taken up for theft and hanged or flogged within an inch of his life , and i couldna do a thing to stop it . ''
for one thing , i doubt i can , by the terms of parole .
he scrabbled for some cutting rejoinder in greek , but the only thing that came to his inflamed mind was a humiliating echo from his past , something his father had said to him on the occasion when he 'd accidentally fallen into a privy : ` ` what news from the underworld , persephone ? ''
i was still rather awed that jamie had actually spoken with george washington , and the fact that he was frowning at a letter presumably written by the future father of the country ... ` ` two or three things , '' he replied with a shrug , and , refolding the note , stuffed it into his pocket .
` ` the only useful thing was what my wife told me on the night .
` ` the principal thing to bear in mind regarding friends , '' he said , without preliminary , ` ` is that they depend very much upon one another 's company and opinion - often to the exclusion of the world outside their meetings . ''
` ` he 'd be taken up for theft and hanged or flogged within an inch of his life , and i couldna do a thing to stop it . ''
he could hear the sounds of musket fire in the far distance , but could n't see a thing .
the abenaki stopped , too , just for an instant , but that was long enough : ian twisted , flinging the man off his back , and bounded awkwardly through the water , slipping and sinking in the muddy bottom , but made it to shore and ran for the first thing that met his eye - a tall white oak .
the last thing he truly remembered was jane and her sister , laughing at him as he stood bare - arsed in the creek .
the only thing ian murray wanted just now was silence .
it was perhaps the best thing he 'd ever tasted , made better by her holding his head in her hand as he drank - he was very dizzy .
` ` but that 's the first thing , yes .
` ` why did ye tell him a daft thing like that ? ''
and however innocuous his errand , the last thing he wanted was to have to explain to anyone why he had resigned his commission .
if she had , it would be the first thing she ever had forgotten , at least to my knowledge , and i did n't think she was old enough to have begun forgetting things now .
she 's a petite thing .
my dad , he 's the only thing besides joss i ' ve got , and i ' kgotizem not a moron about why joss lets me stay .
she 's the closest thing i have to a sister .
` ` i ' ve got plenty of people hoping for a shot and none of them are demanding a thing from me .
` ` give me the first thing you 'd want from your mother if she were here . ''
the plastic bag blazes hot in my hand , and there 's not a damn thing i can say to make this situation disappear .
this whole aires thing hurts .
i do n't forget that type of thing . ''
haley becomes the only thing i see in the small gap between my gloves .
i gave up the one person who meant a thing to me . ''
` ` that , petal , is the most amazing thing i ' ve heard all day . ''
we 'll figure out the milk thing .
the last thing i need to hear is kyle telling nicole how much she means to him .
i still do n't know what to say , especially considering we have n't said a thing to each other in five years .
i ca n't feel a thing .
she was a small little thing , with the same pale hair i had , but our mom 's brown eyes instead of dad 's blue like i had .
she was way too perceptive and way too aware of the ways of the world for a pretty young thing from the suburbs .
i would never take the little things for granted , and just as tightly as i planned on holding on to her , i was going to hold on to this dark and dangerous place that was my home .
it 's as though the only thing i ' m aware of is the invisible thread that this man has , within seconds , tied around some battered part of my soul and is using to pull me toward him like a puppet on a string .
it says so much without him actually having to say a thing .
tonight was about you , about you overcoming , about you giving me the most important thing you could give me . ''
this thing that still feels like guilt over alyssa .
the only thing i ca n't see with absolute clarity is her answer .
as hardy had watched her enjoy that rose petal , he 'd been struck once more by how amazing she was , how she appreciated things in a way he 'd never been exposed to before .
the only thing he was interested in was miracle .
just give me this one thing . ''
and she must realize the same thing .
of course , a better , more orderly take - down was in the works , but it ai n't no thing .
neither of them has been dinged for a damn thing in years .
they seem to be the only thing sharp enough to penetrate my fog of late .
` ` i have something to do first thing , but i can meet you after .
it was the one thing of mine that i had left , the one thing i could give away .
she trusted me when she could n't trust anyone else , gave me the only thing she had to give , and i shit all over it .
` ` god , that 's the best thing i ' ve ever put in my mouth . ''
the first thing i notice when i open the door to the ink stain is the music .
i ask her things like how she would work around a skin fold or what she 'd tell someone who wanted a tattoo in a place that would n't turn out the way they envision .
the only thing i hear around me is the broken sound of my own voice .
the last thing i saw in his worried green eyes was surprise when i jumped up and planted both feet right in the center of his chest and kicked off .
her intention hung between us like a living thing , as if she had spoken the words , anything to make up for what i ' ve done .
the gesture assured me that i 'd done the right thing , that i 'd given her the one thing she needed more than life - forgiveness .
'cause you know i ca n't see a thing , right ? ''
for one thing , they might think i ' m crazy , which would n't do me any favors .
a drop of tepid liquid hit my tongue and the taste of it , both salty and sweet , was the most amazing thing i could ever remember tasting , though it did seem vaguely familiar .
` ` but there is one thing ... '' and there it is ... ` ` what 's that , deedee ? ''
` ` you do n't have to forego every little thing in life , on the off chance you could get addicted , violet .
` ` it 's the sweetest thing i ' ve ever tasted .
the only thing i find back there is the radio , which is clearly labeled leave on , but no other light switches .
with trick 's visit for the day already over and done with , the only thing i have to look forward to is pt .
i 'd be willing to bet they do n't miss a thing .
brent is the furthest thing from my mind .
surely it 's a physical thing .
beverages were another thing i had n't included in my daydreams .
i would marvel over the control earth thing later .
this was what he 'd been trying to teach me all these years - how to survive - but he 'd missed the most important thing .
i stopped by the trash can on the way out of the parking lot and pitched the rest of my sub in ; my appetite was a thing of the past .
and when derek said he only had one thing to bargain with , i knew what that one thing was .
` ` the only thing i would have traded meeting you for is your soul .
now all that was left was to save my loved ones , not that death was such a trivial thing -if you could even call the second death of a dead person ` ` death '' .
the only thing i learn is that he kisses like a tornado that 's hell bent on ruining my life .
i ' ve already disrupted class and i ' m not learning a thing anyway .
` ` the only thing i can figure is that they have an inside man at the prison , maybe someone who can listen in on my conversations with dad .
the only thing i care about is that it 's chicken .
the only thing i can spot is a vase on the dresser that i could crack over someone 's head , a hotel pen on top of the bedside table i could use to stab someone in the eye , and a bible that no doubt resides in the top drawer , although i ' m not sure i could really harm someone with that .
` ` what 's ' that sort of thing ' ? ''
` ` i thought guys liked that kind of thing . ''
his lips thin and i can tell he does n't want to give them a damn thing but a bullet between the eyes .
` ` i would n't learn a thing if you were in my class . ''
almost like he did n't feel a thing .
but that 's the only thing i ' m interested in - sex .
that 's the last thing i want to leave you with other than this : i could ' ve taken care of duffy my way .
ca n't you just give me this one thing ? ''
` ` seriously , i do n't get the whole dude - screwing - another - dude thing .
the only thing stopping me is the fact that jake will have a problem if i tear off vintage 's bass player 's hands .
it 's just ... the cartoon t - shirt thing was something my mom and i shared .
and do n't even get me started on the jealously thing . ''
it was a perverse phenomena , since the druids were notorious for their love of forests and water , and all things green .
she was a cute little thing , with corkscrew auburn curls and bright green eyes .
i 'd given her some good relationship advice , knowing a thing or two about the subject , and we 'd been friends ever since .
i had missed out on that whole instinct to be worshipped thing .
she looked ancient , though that did n't mean a damn thing .
so yeah , we 'd f**ked , and it had been beyond mind - blowing , but i knew it did n't mean a damn thing .
in my young mind , a beating made sense , was common place , whereas the other things , they were confusing and horrifying .
you might have thought we were leading a group of them , if you did n't know a thing about druids and their disdain for other races .
it did n't hit anyone , but it was n't a bad shot for someone who could n't see a thing .
we might even have a thing or two in common now .
sometimes - and i stress sometimes - violence is the only thing some people respect .
that was one thing that did n't make me nervous .
the room was dark , pitch - black , and i could n't see a thing .
i 'd teach him a thing or two i had n't known when i was only ten .
the only thing i could guess that was n't sinister was some type of closure .
i lived and breathed the music , but damn , the chicks i would get from doing what i loved did n't hurt a damn thing .
` ` mouthy little thing , are n't you ? ''
the only thing that stuck out was the fact that i had n't slept with him .
` ` the only thing girl 's ever bring grant is pu**y , '' vin said under his breath .
my mouthy little thing looked about two seconds away from punching me in the face .
though , the whole kristin thing was irritating .
i 'd never change that because those are the things that made me fall in love with you in the first place . ''
that 's the only thing no one else knows about me , '' she told him , biting her lip .
a skinny little thing with sleek hair and perfectly fitted clothing that accentuated her body in all the right places .
the only thing she did n't know was whether or not her involvement had surfaced .
not on the campaign , when every little thing that came out could damage his career .
` ` i have one more thing if you 're interested . ''
and i liked the limo ... though i wished you would have given me one more thing , '' she said suggestively .
the only thing that interrupted their impromptu road trip was a call from heather .
afterward i ' ve arranged a few interviews , then a quick meeting with some donors , and a dinner with chelsea about that fracking thing she keeps shoving down your throat . ''
she never missed a thing .
but damn it , look at her , sapphire - blue eyes pleading with me , her hands on my shoulders like it ai n't no thing , like her touch is n't making my pulse pound .
do n't know a single goddamn thing about the man . ''
and i do n't know a single goddamn thing about him .
this burning thing ?
it 's the only thing that makes any sense .
she 's a lithe little thing , barely five - five to my six - two , and i outweigh her by at least seventy pounds , but she still manages to support my weight and help me limp out of the gym and into the locker room .
my breath comes slowly , deeply , because my arms are around her too , resting on her back and sliding lower , and she 's not doing a damned thing to stop me .
i never said a thing .
i sing : ` ` forgive me , forgive me ... forgive me , but i just ca n't get those words out , those two little words , ca n't set 'em free , forgive me , forgive me , forgive me , i should be able to say it , should be easy , but those words , they get stuck and anyway it 's not like you give a fuck if i say i ' m sorry , they 're just words , two little words , that mean so little , too little , too late , and they just ca n't erase the hate i pile on myself , ca n't bury the guilt i keep on my shelf , ca n't bring down these walls , ca n't tear down these halls , even if i beg you on bended knee , forgive me , forgive me , forgive me , i should be able to say it , but those words just get stuck , and anyway it 's not like you give a fuck , and it 's just my luck , you 'd forgive me , you 'd forgive me like it 's just that easy , because we all know the truth , we all know the hardest part , the thing that 's really an art , is when i say forgive me , forgive me , forgive me , is to say it to myself , to take the guilt off the shelf , to bring down my walls , to tear down the halls , to beg myself , to plead with my own soul , forgive me , forgive me , forgive me . ''
i liked who you were in texas , when i did n't know a damn thing about you except your name .
i try , but i just blunder on in and knock over the china and spit in the soup and break all these rules that no one will even tell me- ' ' ah , that 's an english thing .
there were also , of course , the whole host of bad habits kept secret in the early days of any relationship - the toenail ablutions in bed , the laissez - faire approach to whisker maintenance , that whole dabbing himself with a square of loo roll after peeing thing - but even compared to that , kumiko had given him almost nothing .
he knew it somehow , knew it as he 'd known every right thing about her .
' she would n't have known a thing . '
it was several minutes more before she realised that during the entire two hours they had spent together frances had told her not a thing about herself .
it was as if she had n't heard a thing .
it would be the last thing he would take from this ship .
' there 's no such thing as no - strings sex . '
' i did n't suspect a thing .
and i worked it out , while i was in the bath ... that whole ` ` do as you would be done by '' thing ?
so this is the thing i do n't understand .
and ed - mr nicholls was well within his rights to leave when he found out because , well , the most important thing you have with another human being is trust . '
' that is n't the same thing at all , gem . '
she wished she had known then that laurence 's anger would be such a corrosive and enduring thing .
will message you first thing .
melissa might not even want me to write the thing if it does n't end well . ''
' it 's the whole clearing - up - at - work thing .
is this a g*y thing ?
do you know the most peculiar thing , edouard ?
' my mother never took a thing from anyone .
and it was the one thing that really made me wonder whether that poor woman had been in her right mind when she handed it over .
the only thing that matters is people . '
but that was the one thing we could n't give her .
' you should have asked me , greg , before you butted in trying to buy a little girl 's love with a bloody boat - the one thing i ' ve been telling her for the past five years she is not allowed to have . '
i do n't normally say that sort of thing .
no such thing as a free lunch , eh ? '
we ' ve had weeks where he would hardly say a thing , but he 's definitely up for a bit of a chat the last few days . '
i ' m sorry - i did n't hear a thing .
patrick 's stomach no longer gave when i nestled into him ; it was a hard , unforgiving thing , like a sideboard , and he was prone to pulling up his shirt and hitting it with things , to prove quite how hard it was .
they began to tune up , and suddenly the auditorium was filled with a single sound - the most alive , three - dimensional thing i had ever heard .
this life that will take place almost entirely within a five - mile radius and contain nobody who will ever surprise you or push you or show you things that will leave your head spinning and unable to sleep at night . '
about the money thing . '
the only thing we fell out over was my cd collection , which apparently could only be combined with his once i had stickered the backs of mine and sorted them into alphabetical order .
' luckily we were both so drunk by then i do n't think either of us felt a thing . '
we never got to the bottom of what had prompted louisa to stay - will just said ' family issues ' - but she was a busy little thing .
she was a resourceful little thing .
instead i ' m just blazing on , fascinated by every little thing he does and says .
` ` there 's such a thing as mirrors , you know . ''
` ` we 'll miss you , and you know i do n't say this sort of thing to just anyone .
` ` it 's the farthest thing from research . ''
only a glutton for punishment would ask her such a thing .
the very thing i should be thinking is how much i want to shake some sense into her .
` ` i would n't have even written the damn thing if it had n't been for you .
why would you ask such a thing ? ''
did n't i teach you a thing about managing finances ? ''
` ` he did n't say a thing to me about this . ''
` ` i lucked out on finding this place in a craigslist ad of all things . ''
` ` because marriage is a sacred thing .
the last thing i wanted allison to know was that since savannah , i had n't been able to seal the deal with another girl .
because that 's the farthest thing from the truth . ''
` ` the twisting thing and the sucking ... .i ' ve never had anything like that . ''
this whole getting back in the game thing has my head spinning . ''
` ` mimi , you do n't know the first thing about raising a kid . ''
even though she was still a little bloody and messy from delivery , bella was the most breathtakingly beautiful thing i 'd ever seen in my life , next to her mother that is .
i get the distinct impression that a lift home is n't the only thing she 's talking about .
she 's going to discover this thing i hide when i take her into my bed .
the only thing i need is a chance . ''
` ` another thing you ca n't see unless i ' m out of my clothes . ''
` ` i ca n't be friends with anyone within the fellowship because they believe i ' m an outsider and i ca n't tell them about the one thing that designates me an insider . ''
this is another thing bleu does n't understand about the fellowship .
although right now , i ' m questioning the whole forgiveness thing .
preparing for bed together is an odd thing for me to covet but i have since before bleu became my wife .
there is n't a damn thing i enjoy seeing more .
we ' ve spent twenty - six years sharing any and every thing , so i did n't take well to being told to back off of bleu . ''
but i ca n't tell you a thing about his leg . ''
i assume neither is able to hear a thing over the shrill screams coming from within so i knock again a little harder .
` ` i was going to ask if you had ever been married but i guess the virgin thing rules that out . ''
i listen for any clue of what i ' m walking into but the only thing i hear is eery silence - and then the rapid beats of two tiny hearts .
` ` this whole agape - fylgia thing is just freaky .
she was a petite little thing with a tiny waist and a tight shirt to show off her perky br**sts .
i do n't have a thing i 'd like to share . ''
you talk this talk and walk this walk like you do n't care about a thing in the world , but you did n't want me to be mad at you about what you said .
i liked this rush thing .
there was one key thing she did n't understand about ben that i did .
i was quickly becoming addicted to every little thing he did .
not missing a thing , his hands smoothed over my back .
a huge honor for braydon , and he had n't mentioned a thing .
i called emmy and she did n't know a thing . ''
i 'd missed this thing .
i shrugged , flippantly , like it was the simplest thing in the world .
love is the most beautiful thing in the world .
` ` why ca n't they make decaf that tastes more like the real thing ?
` ` you do n't know a thing about vinny . ''
` ` this is the best thing i ' ve ever eaten , what 's in them ? ''
joe 's the closest thing i ' ve got to family . ''
it 's the first thing i ' m genuinely happy about in weeks .
i do n't remember a thing .
but one thing just did n't make sense to olivia .
he knew that some places could be triggers , but he hoped she was n't remembering things .
` ` first things first , vitamin d is important . ''
but here 's the thing . ''
he accepted me for who i was , never wanting to change a thing about me . ''
protection was the furthest thing from my mind as i slid down that cock .
i asked , determined to know every little thing about this man .
layla would have told me that kind of thing .
steel entrapment was the hugest thing in the rock world back then .
i left most of the pages blank , figuring the gym did n't need to know every little thing for them to give me a membership anyway .
she had promised me all kinds of innocent things that to me were going to be sweet torture .
if i had thought her kiss was the sweetest thing i had ever tasted , i had been severely wrong .
` ` i ' m sure he will relate completely to the zombie , but i ' m not sure if he will get the whole jane austen thing . ''
` ` about the assistants thing .
she had the one thing i knew i would never get ...
but the only thing it really gave me was a better understanding into the mindset that drake stevenson had had for so many years and why he had always been seen with a bottle in his hands up until he 'd met and married lana .
i grabbed my cosmetics case , my keys , and the one thing i could n't do without : my clipboard .
the least little thing out of the ordinary i want to know about . ''
and the laundry detergent thing was just a part of me that wanted to start nesting . ''
he ca nt hear a thing .
do you know what this is , dear sister ; this thing i present to you ?
he knew he should have been frightened , but he did n't feel a thing .
a sickly pungent odor was the last thing dayn remembered before darkness took him .
she could easily have shot them from above , and they would nt have known a thing .
you re off your rocker if you think there s such a thing as being off the grid , the other said .
i think you ll find that it tastes very similar to the real thing .
the steak was perfectly cooked , and i could nt tell the difference between it and the real thing .
i ask , just like the whole sunday hibernation thing , it was not something covered at all during training .
he does nt mean a single thing to me .
it is an important thing to learn .
it was extremely informative , i say feeling rather awkward about the whole thing .
the one thing that stuck in both of our craws was annie .
the only thing we can hang our hats on is that we suffer together ; bearing burdens in comradeship as good soldiers should .
no , not a thing .
you can give him the only thing the medics ca nt and that s his mothers love .
marianne and rachel both held onto ralph and , for once , did nt say a thing .
the only thing that greeted him was an empty foyer .
jumpy little thing , he said and sat down in the empty chair next to jannda .
the only thing that greeted him was a handful of angry stares .
now here , at the last she was faced with something that was uncontrollable , some dormant thing that jack had given voice to that she could n't cope with no .
it was a thing of wonder to see the representatives of each and every race together in peace - time .
nope , have nt a clue , do nt know the first thing about them .
in spite of my genuine interest in astronomy , i would usually end up completely overwhelmed by the facts , feeling that i had simply not understood a damn thing !
in fact , the only thing that you want to hear from me is a firm yes , i will do the run tomorrow .
the only thing the guests know is that they are given the red pills , the green pills , or sometimes the yellow pills .
but , there was no way in hell i was going to swallow that yellow thing .
you could nt remember a bloody thing .
ill call you first thing monday morning .
there is no such thing as free will .
the only thing she did know was that , like everything else associated with the vile machine , it would doubtless cause her pain .
molloy rubbed his beard , so far , the only part i like is this hierarchy thing .
i think were giving the intermediary thing short shrift .
she wondered whether or not this yellow pencil was the last thing her mind would ever comprehend .
but there is one thing i do nt understand , one question i believe only you can answer for me .
( although to this day , there are more than a few goddesses and priestesses around the scene , very willing to show a thing or two when prodded correctly !
the next morning eric swore he did nt remember a thing and tried to laugh off his sore jaw as he drove beta to the clinic to see to her busted hand .
so when the time comes , we will have to corporate this thing , and separate it from the foundation .
she 's been working on this thing for quite some time now .
the only thing we do nt have is weapons capability !
beta bronski was the real thing all right , and he did n't know how to deal with it .
meg herself was a mousy little thing , fashionably challenged and content with the fact .
now , lori do n't get me wrong , steve , but i am sure that you would agree that there are broader implications here , a whole new can of worms , because this sort of thing ( group - sync - altruism ) can always be used for other than noble purposes .
i now knew one more thing about the jotunn .
the only thing you can hear now is the sonic boom from the bullet traveling through the air .
` ` ya ... thing is a genetic advantage that powerful would soon eliminate all the non - magical people , that 's basic evolutionary theory , '' jack said .
i found one last thing , a reference to a papyrus , it had a description of a battle imhotep had had with an assyrian sorceress .
it felt like a funny thing for her to base her feelings on .
it frightened adam and shelly because they had n't heard a thing .
before i do , callista said , just one thing .
and no matter what i do to dull the pain of being here without you , it does not change a thing .
surrounded by darkness , and unable to hear a thing , it was as though he had been deafened by a clamour - wave or some nearby explosion .
when she heard movement in the dark behind her she turned sharply , unable to see a thing .
involving berenguers nieces was poorly judged , if you knew a thing of him .
but i do not consider belief and trust to be the same thing .
i do nt know how well be able to see a thing , never mind figure out where were going .
why do i know this fact when i ca n't remember the simplest thing like my name ?
he took the most precious thing in the world from me , so he has to pay .
the only other thing i can tell you is the project name she is under .
i did nt see a thing the helicopter ride over .
the only thing we have on them right now is surprise , so let 's keep it that way .
but the templar knew the same thing that all ancients knew deep down , though none would ever admit to it .
the only thing certain was that he was not what he seemed .
between your arguments , i have seen the sense of the thing so be gracious .
because proving that jesus existed is not the same thing as proving he is divine , the professor replied .
her red hair billowed around her head as she described every single thing she and her team had discovered about the alien wreckage , most notably the almost intact strike craft that they had recovered .
what you say makes sense , of a sort , but if you understood , you would not ask such a thing . ]
liao had not heard a thing and wondered how long the toralii had been waiting there ; it was slightly unnerving to think that all the while she had been playing with her hair , someone had been waiting but a few metres away , separated only by an internal bulkhead and saaras sense of decency .
the first thing she could see was only light , the bright haze of fluorescent globes flooding her eyes .
he only drank purified extraction water , not the murky mess they passed off as the real thing in those outlets .
is that pretty little thing you run around with comin , too ?
my personal favorite : they do nt have a single good thing to offer society .
about whatever this dnt thing is .
the only thing i have to look forward to is having a bit of a class to teach spotty teens on moon .
it was fixed , that 's the main thing . '
' that artefact might just be the most important thing ever discovered , ' said hellicoyle .
chapter 115 propulsion engineer , skye lewquarker , knew a thing or two about thrust .
first thing you got ta know is how to hold it .
the only thing i found that remotely gave us any clue were beakers and science - related things .
` ` the last thing i remember is sitting down in the driver 's seat and turning the key to start the rv . ''
the demon must actually think they still had a chance , and nicolas definitely knew his car would not be stopped by a little thing like having no tires .
and i know one would think you d be mad , but with the control systems back in place and the shiny new chip in your head , i promise you wo nt feel a thing .
learning all that did nt do a thing for me !
maya threw herself over johns body in a protecting embrace , knowing full well that she could nt do a thing to stop what was about to happen .
dmitri shook his head with a smile and walked up to maya , putting a hand on hers , maya , there s no such thing as psychic powers .
dmitri laughed smugly , i told you , no such thing as psychic powers .
he tried to listen in on what they were saying , but the only thing his microphone picked up was the wind rolling across the plain .
they did nt find a thing .
i d love me a taste of that the only thing you re getting a taste of is an empty stomach , she said .
only thing i do nt get is why we got ta jump through all those hoops , warren said .
and what thing is that ?
i was nt much of an artist , but it did make me feel closer to the real thing .
she said that if all goes well she wo n't have to do a thing . ''
` ` well ma'am that 's the thing , '' began jd .
no not a thing , replied k. and we ca nt find jd anywhere .
` ` i just hope that jemma 's been running things ok , i ' ve not heard a thing from her . ''
it works on a psychic level , as you enter the tunnel you know where you 're going , and assuming there is a tunnel where you want to go , then you arrive there without feeling a thing .
he could n't see a thing , so was working purely off his radar , hoping the mist was n't messing with the settings .
they taste like the real thing , baked this morning and direct from france . '
well , that s a disturbing damn thing .
admittedly possession is quite an annoying thing .
but the most amazing thing is that those flares came literally from nowhere .
the success she had with all things green elevated her status from apprentice to master and an equal among her piers , but she never processed what engendered this change and whether it was yet another random event or fate at work .
if i could just expose them for what they are , i thought , people would wise up ... but i have nt accomplished a damn thing !
but he could nt do a damn thing except talk .
somebody had to be in charge here , even if he did nt know the first thing about construction work .
the medallion was a thing of frightful symbolism .
you do nt know the first thing about women , winston .
the real thing will come in the mail in six to twenty - four weeks .
now it was under a layer of faint white noise at all times , and corrupted , but it seemed to jeanette that if she could only peel a layer back , shed hear the real thing again .
jeanette spoke to joey as she fell asleep , sometimes mumbling work ideas or vague plans , and crying out for joey to make a note of it , please mark it down , and email her , or tell her first thing in the morning because she was too sleep - addled to remember .
they were of the opinion that whoever had been doing that had been wasting a lot of good meat and did not know a thing about acquiring and preserving pelts , as most of them had been left unusable .
she was just a petite little thing , but she had a great figure and a killer smile .
` ` look , i ' m sorry about the whole binocular thing and all .
i mean , for a little green boy from such a cultivated place as klesia moon prime , you seem to be shocked by the littlest thing . ''
izzian did not know the first thing about time travel , either , but he did know a little about wormholes .
i know the darned thing better than mr . seebot .
` ` even if it 's only to pretend this atrocious tea is the best thing i ' ve ever tasted . ''
i think you 're just stuck on the whole horoscope , fortune - telling thing .
none of the rest of my fellow performers have mentioned a thing about it .
if he is aware of the thing , he did not think it worthy of discussion .
i am not a great expert in science , but such a thing sounds utterly ludicrous .
she knew that an illness could be a sensitive thing that could easily affect the eyes and minds of its victims .
it 's a tough new world we live in , and the sarah lee dessert sections of the local supermarket is a thing of the past .
nor should they tell us a thing about it .
these people seemed like they wanted to make the universe more , leave a mark behind , that sort of thing .
ill do it the first thing tomorrow .
awareness is the first thing .
i did nt even know the nature of the first thing we needed to find out .
but the real interesting thing is there are reams and reams of information about the position of this planet in relation to other heavenly bodies , its almost like a map of the solar system , further than that it contains information that relates to this solar systems position within the universe .
the only thing occupying the table at the moment was a nautical map showing an area of coast line which i assumed was the coast on which lay port town .
where did you get him from , i have never seen such a lovely thing serinae , you are so lucky to have such marvellous things ?
one perplexing thing i have come across once or twice in my travels is the mention of something called the compendium of the combined .
nare so well a mothers care can any other true compare true and greatest of all treasure her heart to you beyond all measure in birth a piece of her was given carry this for all days striven she will give to you her all in this alone you ll never fall she will tend you as you grow her love the greatest that you ll know give her life freely for you yet never ask a thing in due .
you know nothing , your race has sat here in these mountains for so long , you do not understand a thing , when you did leave all you did was destroy , you never took the time to learn , what you say is said in ignorance and without knowledge .
bah , again i say you know nothing , you have closed minds and closed hearts , you do not understand a thing about this world and the races that are a part of it .
nat a thing lassie , nat a thing , but luckily they do nt .
tezrin chuckled close to my ear and whispered , well minervar , heres an interesting gamble , then louder he said , but i think i know you seri , we have shared a lot in the past , i know you re a good shot , i know you are more than honourable , i know you are determined and resolute once you decide on something , but heres a thing seri my dearest , are you sure about this ?
the most important thing the drive and our exploration program provide is a tangible vision of hope to the worlds population .
there is precious little practical worth in virtual experiences when compared to the real thing .
if these guys are so determined to get zero back or bury him then i would wager that detailed proof is the last thing they will want to risk leaking out .
she may have had better meals but right now , it was the most wonderful thing , she had ever tasted .
at first , he laughed at having forgotten such a simple thing .
she held one of them up and looked at it in the moonlight , how can such a small thing bring so much pleasure ?
the last thing she remembered was a dark figure coming towards her , then a bony hand being forced over her mouth , the smell of rotting flesh and then nothing .
it was not the worst thing she had ever tasted but it was bad enough .
the first thing you need to know is , some are chosen because of keeping the commandments and their love for their creator sends out certain lights and vibrations into the universe that attract keepers of the corners of the earth , i have been given the delightful assignment of keeping the north - eastern corner of earth .
todd sitting still suddenly realized this ordeal was dj vu , he asked enoch is there a thing as reincarnation ?
the only thing i guess you owe me is royalties if there ever are any .
the human is strong but the strength of the hunter is greater , but there is one thing that the young man has that the misshaped creature does nt , a survival appendage .
hearing such things as an afterlife and a female ruler made jon doubt the sanity of his companion , i have died many times and so have you and i have never seen this place .
she was the bit of my mind that 's connected to yours but a connection is n't the real thing . ''
memory is a powerful thing , '' jacob interjected .
dead trees were the only thing to see for miles around .
i found myself comparing every little thing to humurom .
the thing i do nt understand is why they let him out of the city .
it was nt the same thing at all .
the first thing i felt outside was another cold blast of air .
that i could nt do a thing to stand against them ?
sedate them first if you like , so they do nt know a thing about it .
i did nt feel a thing until that tingle .
they ll get suspicious if we just buy armour and medkits , and the one thing they re happier to sell than arms is information .
i thought it would help us find that greeg planet , but there seems to be no mention of greegs in the entire thing .
the first thing they saw was reg 's furniture , crafted from the skeletons of their universal kin .
zoey : well , if that is nt the most upsetting thing !
she hoped it would teach zoey the same thing .
the second to last thing i remember was the noise the window made as my head smashed into it .
the last thing i remember was the very strange whine the engine made as the wheels span and span as we fell through space .
nothing meant a single thing to me .
i ca nt understand a thing .
the other thing i want to know .
the low and high tides were another thing the ministry of environment and conurbations could nt explain .
there s just one thing , i said , thinking of another twelve things just off the top of my head .
they had planned to hold the system to ransom but it fell into disrepair so fast that the only thing their demands for a ransom raised was a smile .
but of course a horse rider does nt know how to flex the horses leg muscles or any such thing , but by other promptings makes the horse do exactly what s wanted .
we do nt like to share that kind of thing .
and if there was such a thing as a galactic civilisation , then it too could not exist without portals .
like what are the rules of this union of worlds , how do we get to meet up , what s the food like up there , that kind of thing .
what s this tether thing then ?
i slapped his back and caught the sight of a fine young thing looking back at me .
he did nt want him telling everyone about this ' power ' thing .
there s another thing that i have to show you , hydra said as he pulled out a pouch .
it was pitch black inside and hydra could nt see a thing .
maybe if you run , you will not feel a thing .
here their supposed enemy was offering to give back the very thing they were afraid of : exposure .
mans origin became a thing of mystery and rumor .
i responded as i walked back into the hold , not a clue ; have n't looked at it since i was a kid ; was the last thing my father gave me before he left for the forty - second milgari war .
a durian warship , to my prior knowledge , had been only a thing of rumor .
seeing that i do n't know a thing about encryption , i ' m going to get out of your hair .
those contracts were the thing of interest to whomever had broken in .
we would have to be ever watchful of our surroundings , as our anonymity was certain to be a thing of the past .
if cortes was indeed working for them , knowledge of our operation and capabilities was the last thing we wanted him to have .
we can only hope that our bunker systems are not targeted , yet the only thing holding back those inclined to do so is the threat that we will out of necessity respond accordingly , targeting their own bunkers .
i ca nt hear a thing from in here , she whispers hopefully .
there are picture frames on the walls and the desk of a family , and out of everything i have seen that is the thing that shocks me the most .
talking wo nt do a thing , will it ?
i reach across the void for brans hand but i do nt feel a thing .
we stagger onto the high street of wembley , with its eerily colourful shop fronts ; remnants of a time when retail was an everyday thing that people took for granted .
that s the first thing you need to understand .
it is the most frustrating thing i have ever come across .
you know that thing you re looking forthe energy thing ?
they did nt suspect a thing .
the only thing i know is that being logical wo nt solve this .
the only thing all aliens seemed to have in common were the universal translators attached to whatever part of their body detected sound waves .
it would not matter if he was alive or dead because she doubted he would remember a thing if he woke up .
i decided it was best not to tell them about the whole bennu bomb thing .
the only new thing in it was sven , and the window that stared out into blackness .
he asked as if it was the most shocking thing in the universe .
i needed to have a private talk with her about the whole tak and bennu thing .
you know those dreams you have where you do all these crazy stunts but do nt feel a thing ?
tak asked although she knew the question on earth there is will be this magical thing called religion .
in all my years i had only learned one significant thing about trinards : they could not feel happiness .
i read when i can , when i am in a place with libraries , and know a little of the stages of architecture and fashions and other useful things .
companionship is a precious thing , and loneliness a terrible one , and when we are the only two like us in the world , we share a bond , despite making war on one another .
` ` i may be just a kid , but i do know a thing or two about strategy . ''
` ` yeah - it was , but like you say , it 's just a thing .
the next thing he was aware of was the distant voices of men .
its not the oddest thing , said zack .
they re still kind of sore about that separation of church and the judiciary thing .
i take a picture with the hd camera , even though i know it wo nt do a damn thing .
the next thing i heard was the voice of joshi and mishra , who were right there most probably , came to help me out .
he never said a thing and we never voted , but he 's just one of those people you immediately turn to when you 're in trouble , you need someone to look up to , or you do n't know what to do next .
it was still mightily unpleasant but i had come to the point where i could at least pretend i had not smelt a thing .
you do n't hear a thing .
the only thing that managed to put a damper on our heroics was ... gemini did n't turn up .
the only thing i was aware of was my awareness .
what is this thing ; a third eye or what ?
the high - speed trains were a thing of the past .
his face seemed to be made of stone - i could n't read a thing in it .
those days were officially a thing of the past .
joe had n't heard a thing , as usual .
while you re in the game , the nutrients they pipe into you keep you alive , but that goop is nothing like the real thing .
the first thing i notice when we walk in is the crowd .
danni and i are committed to being good at one thing above all ; learning new things !
and energy , karma , chakras , that kind of thing ?
then i get a chance to take him out for a coffee and find out things about george that i ve always wondered , but never thought i would learn .
chapter 60 belief is a remarkable thing .
unfortunately , apart from a few exceptions including kristen , most of the people in that department did nt know a thing about computers and found themselves lost when asked a more detailed question than , does the keyboard come with the computer ? .
not a thing mate , replied jd .
not a thing , replied tristian .
his name : that s pretty much the only thing i know about him .
from what i read in your profile you can teach them a thing or two , yourself .
something touched his cracked lips and then the water cascaded down his throat , ice - cold , the most delicious thing he had ever tasted .
the only thing protruding from the archway was a knob on the right side of the carved door ; it looked to be made of the same gold material that was inlayed into the marble .
the thing i do nt understand is , if jefferson coopers as great as everyone says , why the hell ca nt he get us some decent netmax ?
i guess she must ve learned that kind of thing from her dad , but its another side of bailey i ve never seen .
zoeys way into all things green , and coopers energy policies have elevated him to god - like status in her eyes .
i did nt feel a thing .
why would he ask me such a thing ?
i do nt see a damned thing .
i ca nt hide anything from them , except that danica thing .
i ca nt feel a thing as its descending into the clouds .
and i m almost certain the only thing he really wants is to see his wife , katherine .
this thing hurts , whatever it is .
everything goes silent as i ca nt hear a thing or maybe i do nt want to .
love is such a stupid and meaningless thing !
i went to university and learned that there s no such thing as curses or magic .
dad , the word felt unusual in jacks mouth when delivered without malice , how exactly did this new thing have anything to do with why you left .
his friends plight had been the farthermost thing from his mind .
she understood , of all the king said , the one thing that most touched troy was the invitation to become part of a family .
shed asked me to help because i was the closest thing to family she had left .
` ` the two of you threaten the very thing they hold dearest : their special privileges merely because they were born archonan .
so , basically , we do nt know a damn thing , and they d really appreciate it if we could tell them all about the planet once we get there .
i see the same thing magistrate victoria does .
nicks brain was still stuck on the whole methane breather thing as arya continued .
i do n't know a damn thing about these toys , but i ' m guessing that they 're a lot different from normal guns .
` ` jimmy , um , well , here 's the thing , '' he mumbled while taking a puff of his inhaler .
i do nt see a thing except for poor customer service .
i ca nt read a thing though .
but there is one thing you still must overcome .
they d done enough , they figured , made all the templates , all the creatures , rescued mankind from certain doom and destruction , made this perfect little world where everything was just so , and so easy , nobody had to do a thing , the machines took care of it all .
i know the basics ; it is nt the sort of thing you easily forget .
she worked all through the night transferring her vision on paper into the real thing .
he knew a thing or two about vampire courts , having worked as an enforcer for one of the more powerful ones .
the first thing he saw was a death certificate , followed by an official police report written in upyrese , the flowing , squiggly script of the high vampire courts .
all of eretia 's having a party , but the only thing they know is that your father is returning .
tapestries were hung between the tall windows from the high ceiling , each bearing either the star in the parting clouds , symbol of eretia , or the strange reversed question - mark that was the only thing on saranoda 's surface that looked anything close to a marking .
the only thing untouched was the painting of saranoda , the pale wavering light of the water washing over it .
we did nt hear a thing !
if were deep enough and these barriers broke , i suppose we would nt feel a thing .
the last thing he remembered was a sharp pain and a warm drifting feeling , as though he had slipped into a deep sleep .
sye 's dulled senses grew clearer with startling speed until the only thing that bothered him was the sting on the back of his head .
` ` you 're a cheeky young thing , '' he said , beginning to laugh .
it was a time of sheer endurance because luton 's strength was a fragile thing .
his enchantment was soon a thing of the past .
the dark green eyes that stared down were the only live things about it , autoc thought , as he looked directly back at the graven figure .
and that is the last thing jaden will look for , boy .
if the gnosti have taught you one thing , my little one , it should be this .
she had nt felt a thing .
but now pius was being confronted by the real thing ; and he had not been adequately equipped to deal with such an experience .
i feel helpless not knowing german equivalent words for these things , i look at rachel , but she is still busy tending to anile .
she must have realized when she glanced up that her explanation did nt mean a thing to him .
caint say a thing about this , charles said , as they wrestled the big plate off the shelf and onto a cart .
i did nt do a damn thing .
the trickiest thing is the release mechanism , but i ' m pretty sure i can coble something together from a walkie - talkie .
most of the other races would certainly have protested , but alice did n't do a thing .
the computers had n't picked up a thing .
and here 's another thing .
people in them live and die without anyone from the major metropolises ever knowing a thing about them .
moses hardly felt a thing as the doctor inserted the needle and let the tiny microchip slip from the syringe into the esh on his forehead .
some thing , i mean .
she reached the door and the dark air inside was almost a solid thing , rich with the dust of hay and manure , and obsidian block framed by rough wooden planks and chicken wire .
^to meet ones enemy , after a great hunt , and slaughter them while the hope of escape is in their eyes , is a magnificent thing .
and we will teach the novans a thing about pleasure.^ ^like you do now ? ^ ^yes , ^ replied graid firmly .
uonil was tempted to describe their mannerisms as feminine , but knew there was no such thing as gender among the meta , unless imposed by a souman engineer .
i do not hear a thing , not the crackle of dry leaves , the buzz of insects , or the chirp of chipmunks .
my father told me that once upon a time , the earth was a place where dreams could come true , where monsters did not roam and urthmen did not exist , where safety , food , and shelter were things most people took for granted .
knight , i can barely see a thing .
i do n't know a thing about fashion really so i ca n't comment on that .
` ` the inhabited house , the fancy manicured yard full of flowers , the whole damn thing . ''
not a blasted thing , not even a dead goose .
after some reflection telepathy seemed to be the most natural thing in the world to me .
it 's such a terribly difficult thing , to know all of history .
wodi saw saul turn to marlon , and wodi knew then that marlon was indeed the closest thing they had to a leader .
but the very thing that s made us happiest in life ... is our alliance with one another .
that s it , that s the very thing .
you have nt done a damn thing this whole fight !
you said the blanket is the only thing you have from her , right ?
the next thing aris was looking at was the home - screen of the leaders computer .
the first thing you need to know is the plan .
the only thing i saw was trees .
xviii the first thing i saw when i opened my eyes were the empty fields of azureland .
kat did n't have to worry about a thing ; stephanie would make sure she would pay her back .
that s the only thing i truly know of them .
i ve never had to explain a thing about this to anyone before now so pacing is crucial .
the only thing that kept josiah motivated to continue his studies through the passages was the same thing that periodically startled the historian out of his own studies .
the only thing that kept josiah motivated to continue his studies through the passages was the same thing that periodically startled the historian out of his own studies .
he s does nt say a thing , but he s ready when we get there- him not dragging his ass shows just how rattled he is .
in the days following , she drilled herself and the students in every minor thing she could think of .
he gently reminded her that he too knew a thing or two about these human creatures .
are you learning a thing or two from the beloved nephew ?
and that master mistress thing ?
let me show you a thing or two .
since the first thing the clever space - based fire suppression systems took away from a conflagration was the air it needed to burn .
` ` they dob you in for any ole thing , jus ' so they can get a li'l more .
heres the thing that those numb , thumb - pilots never quite got , though .
amber actually was a little flattered , because she knew what the whole picture sharing thing meant .
the whole amy thing had been quite a roller coaster ride .
it might seem like a silly little thing , but the whole concept of last names felt daunting .
and that 's the first thing you should learn .
` ` i do n't understand this money thing . ''
what a funny thing it 's always been to understand .
look , i m not doing this , the whole hate the messenger thing .
it sounded like the last thing you d ever want to hear - barring a cannon to the back - with : low , arrogant , jarring melodies .
all good people require this mortal thing .
with some horror , speed had realized that this bizarre robot vessel was now the closest thing he had to a friend .
our doctor could show you a thing or two .
this simultaneous time thing , timultaneity , as my son , zephyr , terms it , can really help smooth things out once we get the hang of it .
that s quite a huge thing to drop on someone .
i think the problem is described , as my friend and renowned psychodramatist , franco gallina , in this oft - used quote from one of his psychodrama teachers : there is no such thing as resistance , only inadequate warm - up . ''
[ laughter ] each of them exhibits such patience , kindness , consideration and compassion that i believe even his holiness could learn a thing or two [ branon and h.h .
i do nt know the first thing about ignition systems .
you do nt know the first thing about women , do you ?
one thing it meant was that an independent robotic community could not exist in this city .
give me a couple hours to prep , then ill teach you a thing or two .
it took the least little thing to set them off and an army to stop them .
its the first thing he has ever liked of my work .
heres the thing , kirk said .
should you grant us one thing .
she began to feel a little hungry herself , and considered going back up to justus room , when her ears picked up on the last thing shed expected to hear .
because every man must do what he feels is right , but never can he expect to do something of so great a consequence without surrendering a thing or two along the way .
that yux had betrayed his own people because he had one thing so many had not .
advice is the last thing i want to give you .
she looked into his eyes , and saw a thing familiar ; his touch and his gaze was warm and tender .
and that makes you the closest thing i have to friends .
true , there were small problems , but there 's no such thing as perfection .
then people took these things meant to comfort them too seriously and began fighting and killing those who simply thought another improbable thing must be right .
the page read : ` ` the only answer to the greatest debate in human history , fact versus opinion , truth or emotion , objectivity against subjectivity , is irrelevant because the only thing that can be truly proven is this : silence .
i do not employ that word often because after all i ve seen i m starting to think there is no such thing anymore .
just how much she lost it , i can not say , really , because i do n't speak russian and , honestly , i ' m severely glad i do n't because she seemed really upset about the whole glove - not - working - so - now - she - can't - save - her - father thing .
i mean , it was my first year of college , when i was made fun of for being the youngest guy in the room you know , that kind of thing .
the last thing i saw of klaus before we disappeared was his face as he tried to scream at us .
no , she did nt know a thing .
then you wo nt feel a thing while you die .
the poor fellow will probably be walking along one day , hell get a knock on the head and the next thing hell see is a freshly laid shag carpet .
as it turned out , dave did nt know the first thing about how to construct a lyric or a one of the other bits of a song ; much to his surprise , lemons and limes taste the same to me was never picked up by any record producers .
` ` not me i do n't remember a thing .
the only thing my mind could comprehend was a pure and utter hatred for this boy .
the only thing that answered was the soft , bubbling sound of water running past rocks .
unfortunately , the only thing i 'd been able to discover in the process was that most of the magic within easy reach - at least the kind that you can read about on the internet - is little more than hogwash .
` ` and why would i know a thing like that , inspector ?
` ` you do n't have the whole thing ? ''
the only thing he possessed that was connected to beros was the police report he had obtained from sidi .
alcander drank , but did n't taste a thing .
i should endeavour to find some rational and some scientific means of accounting for the phenomenon , and that s the very reason why we have no miracles now - a - days , between you and i , and no prophets and saints , and all that sort of thing .
classic serial : edisons conquest of mars ( part 2 ) by garrett p. serviss - vengeance the first thing !
in the end , jason thought , this whole shops opening on a sunday thing was a crock , all it meant was that because you could go shopping on sunday there was no need to give saturdays as a holiday .
this circle thing ?
the only thing i heard was my own whimpering .
the only thing she had to compare it with was the biosphere on matrona , the place for forests , lakes and vegetable gardens , where she always took off her shoes to feel the life beneath her feet .
i tried imagining over the next few days the marvel that he described , and it never came close to the real thing .
i could nt see a thing and had to listen closely to hear what everyone else was doing .
it was the closest thing to what they had read about .
there is one thing you can show me , he said .
how many times do i have to tell you there s no such thing as a photographic memory ?
true , but there is one thing we do know .
now what s this thing about theo ?
you mean thatstanding there and ... not moving thing ?
ispa had built its outer colonies command hub there ( at 65z ) , on the surface of the sea , without knowing a thing about the creatures who d erected the dish in the first place .
there was no such thing as communication for its own sake in a situation like this .
you re the most precious thing to me and i m sorry i could nt tell you this before .
and that would be when he dropped his there s only one more thing i need from you to make this work bomb .
i ca nt believe you have nt done this before its like the kind of thing we learnt in kindergarten thought jason , and that was enough for me , i was already feeling freaked out by this whole silent chatting thing and now he was making fun of me .
the only thing of any interest was the antenna array and even that provided little relief from the monotony .
david , our hosts , any thing ? ''
the only thing vaguely obvious was a cap .
the walls were so thick , they had nt heard a thing .
consciousness is the most astounding thing !
racist words like that are a thing of the past .
put it this way , said the guard , you wo nt feel a thing !
as they say , hell hath no fury as a woman scorned and the last thing i need is for her to become jealous of some other wench and slit my throat in my sleep .
the next thing i remember is waking up .
johnny was surprised , but as he reflected on it , many things began to fall into place .
not a damn thing , said billy , as he picked up ned .
i want to help , johnny , said dooley fearfully , but i do nt know much about a lot of things , and this cube thing i do nt know hardly nothing at all about .
two bears frowned , trying to understand just what she was asking and why anyone would want such a thing .
through necessity , i ' ve learned a thing or two about bluffing .
our past is replete with civil wars , and the only thing we ever seemed to learn from them was how to wage a better one the next time around .
my contact never said a thing about a code .
the only thing left beyond : deactivation , death -- retirement .
rieki knew a thing or two about tying people up ; the girl was not going anywhere soon .
` ` i ca n't see a thing in this . ''
` ` but i think we 're forgetting the most important thing .
i can tell you some small thing about them , perhaps .
like that means a damn thing .
i m sorry , none of that means a thing to me .
while waiting for the food to arrive , she took the chance to find a solution for the last thing she was missing : weapons .
the last thing i really need , i actually already sort of asked you for .
no , not a thing , he said .
the only thing i really want from you is the ketocillin reagent and information about where i can get the other component .
this bitch would nt tell me a fucking thing about what s going on , other than its something to do with xed .
the only thing remaining is referring to the planetarium on dara as a stellar cartography lab .
the whole ftl thing bothers me .
its a molecular thing .
is there such a thing as a stupid sage !
no one would tell me a thing .
the most nerdish thing in all these flights of fancy was the fact that he backed up his theories with mathematical calculations and checked them experimentally .
it was much harder to tell this sort of thing to a stranger .
memory is a slippery thing when one gave it too much thought .
tomas , peter and john tried the door , it was shaking in the frame , the only thing holding it there was the deadbolt .
there was still that little bit of something , that little unattached thing floating around in his head .
the only thing ever mastered by humanity was the ability to destroy itself .
abstract evidence of his guilt was the only thing he could anticipate .
people spread rumors about failed communications with earth , and by the time i heard it the whole thing sounded like the wacky cries of a doom - sayer .
in time she descended into the moment , too immersed in it to think about a thing .
honesty is a beautiful thing , is nt it ?
why would you ask such a thing ?
ill be generous and let the emotional control thing slide .
rehabilitation was a benign word for neurological modification to subvert ones illicit impulses , as was robotic escort code for the closest thing to the thought police mixed with s.s . stars of david .
you re insane , which is exactly why if i leave , you re just gon na find that all the years of endless life wo nt mean a thing if you ca nt replace this pat skank .
he wo nt know a thing about what we ve done together .
so much for there s no such thing as impenetrable walls , she muttered in a strained voice as she silently rejected his assistance .
yknow , sabrina , in the time we ve known each other , i have nt learned a thing about who you actually are .
it was a grotesque thing , and it did some , er , things to my body .
if eyes were windows to the soul , and if a robot could possess such a thing , artemis was opening those windows up completely .
i told you , you would nt feel a thing .
yet before i speak of that , i shall speak of our place in the grand scheme of things by the one who created all .
and only thing we know is that they disappeared when michael was killed by the strangers on the kaitian home world . ''
you can hit anything with it and you wo nt feel a thing .
you wo nt remember a thing .
i still have nt experienced that thing that jill told me about that you two had going uh , i call it remote screwing .
you will not feel a thing .
no one had heard a thing .
she 's a fiery , persistent little thing .
i saw this long before anyone else knew a thing .
i would never admit a thing to him now that i had slept .
if you re living up there with the man that runs this , you wo nt hear a thing .
there were too many , i replied calmly , i do not know a thing about some .
it was quite random and aggressively forward of him to ask such a thing .
i was moving past irritation at both of those things and into a place where they were beginning to entertain me .
i had never imagined that i would feel a thing .
did n't know a thing .
i ran up to the nearest one and pulled it back , revealing a door which blended so well into the wall that the only thing which gave it away was the doorknob .
i do nt have to do a damn thing for you except work on a project with you .
there was silence and mateo 's sadness was a living thing , something she could actually autopsy , strip down to viscera , expose .
we want the whole thing to remain conscious at this level of learning .
as pete had told him , it was hard to ignore the existence of a higher power , but chan felt encouraged to work with whatever imagination he had of such a thing .
so it occurred to him that his intense exposure to ai had helped shape for him a unique approach to the same thing the brotherhood sought to give back , having been taken away for so very long .
the only thing i care about is that he has abandoned us here , said suzanna .
it is a hard thing to understand , even for a college educated guy like him .
we can not even consider such a thing .
amy explained the whole thing .
the only thing i could see were large trees , mostly evergreen .
also , the upcoming spring played with him , filling his mind with the marvels of green grass , budding trees , returning migratory birds , nests , baby birds ; things he was supposed to take for granted , but sometimes , despite himself , secretly thought of as unbound to anything man could do , even through government and science .
it would be asking for difficulties , for one thing .
it 's not the sort of thing to give a man , i guess .
if you are testing me to see if i know that sort of thing , you might as well save your breath .
he 'd have to get used to that sort of thing , he supposed .
but whatever the cause , the well - ordered and predictable world he enjoyed less than a week ago seemed to be a thing of the past .
and , he also realized how dangerous it was for him to even know such a thing about such a one as ren'ca , for all cara were highly secretive .
and here 's another little thing that will be lost , bates .
thought i could teach these folks a thing or two , move them into the twenty - first century , and maybe make a few bucks for myself along the way .
then he began to perceive things ; dimly , as if finding that a dark forest is only in near darkness , and that nearby trees and grass can be seen dimly in the moonlight after all , and that by paying attention to the intricate sounds of night life , the gentle touch of webs and breezes , and other things usually ignored in the glare of day , there is a whole new world to explore .
the first thing i really learned about ioka here , broah continued , was that she was re - living her father 's life rather than her own .
well , among other things , i suppose i could nt let the greatest thing i ever created out of my sight .
the only thing that kept striking lier with a sense of the miraculous was the fact that the natives were anything like seynorynaelians at all .
her father did nt respect her ; and so , in due course , his respect became the one thing in the world she wanted above anything else .
jinderian had often gone to the exhibits , and frequently to the archives ; kiel remembered the information jinderian brought back from these places above all the other things jinderian had taught him .
and so you have also given me one thing i never could obtain , something i thought one of my kind , inhuman as i am , would never find .
lierva had never met the man , but rumor had it he was as irascible as they came and had yet to find a single thing about the firien project to his liking ; the project team , including lierva , was no exception .
the young alessia , now a young lady , was stubborn , free - spirited , and utterly independent ; she was also beautiful , but he no longer cared a thing for outward beauty .
i do nt regret a thing .
first thing i need to know is where ben campbell lives .
no , ca nt remember a thing .
the very first thing i saw was the inscription .
i roughly knew how to crack them of course , what self respecting treasure hunter does nt know a thing or two about locks , but i was better with key locks .
a simple thing , i learned it just in case i came across something that i could nt open through normal means .
i have nt drank a thing sincethat night .
she examined the inside further , but the only thing she found was a loose - hanging cryo breathing mask .
she was a tiny little thing who barely reached my height and her flowery print blouse shone in bright pink hues from her aura .
her aura was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen .
they did nt stay long when they realized that i could nt remember a thing and left with nothing new to add to the case .
i had started to think things like this when i got depressed and i found that i wanted to feel her warm palm pressed to mine more and more .
your aura is so beautiful and your face is a thing of wonder .
now , i had to find her and give to her the one thing he could nt .
i did nt think he would remember a thing now .
she lay bare to me , glowing in the soft light of the moon through her window and i thought she was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen .
i could nt say a thing .
his shame was a thing we could all see , the aura around him that awful black fractured mess that seemed to short - circuit around him .
i nodded , but tuck did nt say a thing .
it was a cute little story , but it was nt the kind of thing that she hungered for .
she had nt felt a thing from that experience .
her great lover from last night had been replaced with small wimp that did nt know the first thing about satisfying a woman .
she was definitely a sweet little thing with a sexy body that promised him a pleasurable experience .
- what a good thing that you can get know so many things from the internet !
- if it shaken you so much that you unburdened yourself to me with that thing that you re so shy , and you have nt even met me then , you can imagine what it could like be for me .
` ` you really take this security thing seriously . ''
that s because the really big thing was that ai could not have developed inside our bubble of space - time , but only when it was more directly exposed to that thing we can never quite explain , which i call ultimate reality .
from as far back as the earliest records of human government , the one thing men of power needed most was control over communications .
it was something behind the scenes in military politics that arose from that , not so much the thing itself .
but why should i have meant a thing to him ?
i know a thing or two about darkness , as you might have heard .
and what do you mean this is nt preparing you for the real thing ?
alice and i were on security detail , and we did nt know a thing about their escape plan .
from what paul has told us , you are quite the fiery thing .
you pick up a thing or two about hiding from the law .
then tina noticed something odd as the sack she still held , burned with soot and ash and the supplies within it that were left over were completely destroyed , but the one thing that is not is the object given to james by the chief , which is suddenly glowing very , very fiercely and brightly .
so , she said to the guy as he processed the payment , what do you think about the new parent licence thing ?
so what do you think about the new parent licence thing ?
so what do you think of the new parent licence thing ?
i confused the license thing with the egg bank thing again , did nt i. i keep thinking they re related .
i confused the license thing with the egg bank thing again , did nt i. i keep thinking they re related .
she had even gone to the family priest once , seeing as he was the closest thing to the great creator , but he had the same opinion .
` ` that 's the thing , '' she said , cupping the warm mug between her hands again .
the moment flashed into his memory when satarel reached into his body out in the ocean and sifted through his fingers the closest thing horatius had to a soul .
his vow to virtue was useless if he could nt do a thing to take care of himself .
one other thing , i said as i just remembered it .
scott was right , the only thing we had was hope .
what s the most important thing we ve learnt ?
wake us if we are needed , even for the slightest thing .
he mumbled , laiken and taryn are the closest thing i have to family .
or i might be one of the 20 % who live to be a hundred and do n't notice a thing .
oh , no problem , she said with a smile , we 'll update it for you and give it to you first thing tomorrow morning .
power seems to be the only thing your species is hungry for , power over the other members of its species .
and there was one thing he did n't know of course , nor was he going to know until i felt good and ready to add it to his pile of goodies .
the only thing to look at was the ring of old people unless i let myself stare stupidly at kiyu .
kelly has nt said a thing about it .
did i find that one thing which hit home ?
` ` there is only one thing that i want from you . ''
` ` there is only one thing that i need from you .
this system , as i would later discover , was easy to implement because there was no longer such a thing as live birth ( humans were typically genetically engineered ) .
did n't prove a thing , of course .
` ` that 's another thing , '' margrit said .
6 walt jenkins felt seriously hungover although he did n't remember drinking a thing in the previous night .
they did n't say a thing , looking at the fallen body of someone who looked exactly like sarah .
for a moment , albert could n't say a thing .
the only thing that matters is what is written here , '' and he lifted the book .
` ` it 's not the same thing , '' brother maxwell said .
she 'd just done to vienne what she 'd been afraid vienne would do to her : stereotype her based on the only thing she knew about her -- her father 's estate .
it looked like a horse - drawn carriageif someone had been challenged to design one using as little material as possible , and the first thing on the chopping block had been the horse itself .
now , since you re new to this sort of thing , let me explain a few things .
space was the most precious thing on the ship , and as such there were few places where she might find a corner to call her own .
teach her a thing or two .
one thing was certain from the first hard look at it ; the thing was needlessly complex .
but i think this crew has what it takes to pull it off , because we ve got the one thing they never expected anyone to have : surprise .
not only was it the most complex thing i had made at this particular time , but it was a very important piece of the physic puzzle .
the first thing that we learned about nemesis was that she had an enormous appetite , three regular entrees of chicken and waffles worth .
i would say it was not a pleasant ride , but that might suggest that there is such a thing as a pleasant car ride with abby .
fortunately , i was the only person that pauline knew who understood the first thing about what made nemesis tick .
it seemed like my question had somehow offended him , that it was preposterous to even ask such a thing .
then there is this whole elkhorn thing .
the experience of reading a poem is a lesser version of the same thing .
there , beneath the shelf , was an amazing , beautiful , and wonderful thing to behold , and rushing forward as jack and sam both stopped what they were doing to watch him , he slid to a stop on his knees and gathered up the shiny bottles of pop that had been hidden just moments before .
if you desire to risk your life doing something that has serious consequences , regardless of that thing which is gained , you will find yourself unable to make the decisions that will save you from yourself . ''
i do not remember a thing about what happened , he said .
he never felt a thing , though .
obviously the news was shocking enough on its own , but my first thought was , how do you not feel a thing ?
he never felt a thing , and i think everyone saw how brave he was to give himself up .
modesty was a thing of the past .
we ai nt heard a damn thing , man .
only thing i know about corinthians is they make some fine - ass leather .
there was nt a tunnel or anything , just lightbrilliant , white light like the purest thing you ve ever seen .
i told them i was nt doing a damn thing until we sorted lilly out .
the only thing i know for sure is that i do nt want to become one of them .
and we know that this all has to do with your gravity thing .
this thing is unreal .
the key to understanding gravity , thenthe thing that ties everything togetheris understanding magnets .
that was the most abominable thing he could conceive of .
she said ronald , the mind , the soul is a very mysterious thing .
i may hate him , but he s the closest thing i have to a family now .
there s no such thing as teleport .
for three and half years i ve lived among them as one of them , and nobody suspected a thing .
the you i knew would have warned me , but i guess you wanted me gone anyway , 'cause i m the only thing standing between you and hanther .
the only thing i remember after that was waking up to the unpleasant face of that robby character . ''
and , no matter how much you may know , the only thing that 'll get you anywhere is experience .
` ` yes , that was one thing i was interested in knowing . ''
` ` you know that 's not even a real thing . ''
the only thing that changes is the order . ''
` ` the human mind is a fragile thing . ''
the only thing she has in common with the seven from before is the way she looks . ''
he did n't say a thing .
the only thing he knew about dirt was the dirt which used to lie beneath his mat back in the slums .
let me show you a thing or two . ''
you do n't look a thing like the general .
the only thing really special about it was buried deep underground i think that s it !
at that point , since there was no real risk that i was going to bleed out , i decided to give master jason a look at it and get his opinion on the whole not bleeding thing .
what is the first thing that comes to mind when you wake up in the morning ? ''
` ` i do n't like this lack of atmosphere thing , not one bit , '' she kept complaining .
no one asked me a goddamn thing about anything and i liked it that way .
the crisp leaves of a bunch of plants he could nt identify ( because he did not know that sort of thing ) reflected back the light from the lamp atop his makeshift cardboard dresser as though it had been a roaring blaze in a fireplace .
the only thing that was nt pink was the black skull - and - crossbones symbol for poison embroidered on the back .
i suck at a lot of things , actually , but one thing i m good at is electricity and anything that has to do with it .
actually one would have expected far more of that sort of thing , given the unfortunate past proclivities of many of the guides .
you see i hold to a different set of religious beliefs , i think there is only one thing certain in life , only one absolute , one thing that holds all the answers and the keys to every riddle .
to each thing said to be magic , or witchcraft , to be ghost , goblins or ghouls , even what is said to be the god that created the earth itself , the only thing is mathematics .
but sometimes you just ca nt man , its just way far out of your hands and there s not a darned thing anyone can do about it .
of course , you have thought of everything , but when you are calculating all the forces of the universe there is one thing you must accept , and that is there are some things that are not known to us , there are some things we just ca nt know .
of course , you have thought of everything , but when you are calculating all the forces of the universe there is one thing you must accept , and that is there are some things that are not known to us , there are some things we just ca nt know .
he was the closest thing i ever had to real family .
you re the closest thing i have ever had to a brother , you re the only person i have left .
he could nt hear a thing .
` ` i do nt trust a single thing about this , '' said grond , ` ` and i m not leaving tools behind on the ship .
i found it much more comforting to be with people who did nt know a thing about it .
if i was awake i would nt have been able to see a thing , but i could somehow .
if we could figure out this dream thing then we might see for sure .
however these thing are getting through , it 's not coming from my end . ''
disappointingly , jerome had n't found much on richmond , except one thing we both found odd .
when they were done with my friend the only thing they found of him was his head . ''
` ` when we heard that a few scientists had found a way to create a gate to travel through the galaxy instantaneously , that was the thing i realized i was looking for .
the only thing i knew for certain thanks to a short informational docket handed out on the korsikov - was that the most of sondranos was located within the only habitable crater on the planets face .
we were right about one thing , at least .
the only thing that did nt give me issue was my head .
and i got you one more thing .
he would see her again , if such a thing as an afterlife existed , but now was too soon .
the only thing suncoast made now that interested him was immortality .
they pushed this artificial intelligence thing to the point where you re really alive ?
we do nt look a thing alike , but they do nt distinguish so carefully , noticing our similar hair and eyes , and then grouping us as equal in appearance .
there is one more thing i forgot , my latest invention , a cloning machine .
the only thing that remains a mystery is how there is a fire going .
only thing i hear is do nt you know when to hold ?
my deet ointments not doing a thing .
cass was the last thing bledsoe had collected .
that s another thing calgonnel does well that i wish i could learn .
i guess the only thing you could get with white money was candy , bunnies , and motherly hugs .
its occupants really did n't understand the first thing about how it worked , although it was pleased to be thought of as funny .
` ` that 's the nicest thing .
you wo n't see a thing . ''
the logia residents of pavana had n't suspected a thing .
with all the padding around his arm , alton probably did n't feel a thing .
let me show you a thing or two about psychic shields .
i need to describe this thing to them . ''
a half hour later , the wagon was full of cherries and apples but one of the first things i 'd learned as a child was not to show off my abilities so i waited until evening to bring the full wagon back to the center .
the main thing it needs is fuel . ''
an inky field of darkness broken by points of bright stars was the only thing he could see .
i put those coordinates in my personal log and did n't say a thing to anyone else .
to them , there 's no such thing as like or dislike . ''
` ` the closest thing we have to weapons are flavored drinks and hospitality . ''
the last thing i remember before this was that power line .
` ` while i ve seen my fair share of star trek episodes , i m afraid i m not very knowledgeable about time travel , but i do know a thing or two about being in need of a place to stay , and i feel i would be a poor excuse for a human being if i did not at least offer you my hospitality in that area .
i think he took the whole time travel thing really well .
if there is one thing i can promise you about time travel theory , it is that it is a complex science and there are plenty of things that i do nt understand either .
i know a thing or two about what its like to be displaced and need help .
most time travelers you meet are so far from their original timestreams , they could nt tell you the first thing about how to get back .
it seems like there were a whole lot of things that we probably should have known , that we somehow did nt get told , especially the universe being fractal thing .
absolute silence the only thing heard was my unanswered echoes which bounced off the empty apartment .
the only thing which gave me the faintest sense of relief was the sound of water as it slowly rippled downstream .
we were so limited it felt like i was in a concentration camp , i could not go up top to smell the fresh air , i could not go take a walk in the sunshine , the only thing i had to occupy my time with was the long dark passageways of the sewer .
so what was she rambling on about ; and this whole if they are a person thing ?
but supplies were not the only thing we were about to find in our little grocery store .
that only meant one thing , he had followed me and now was about to become reaper lunch !
i m beginning to annoy him with my list of royal titles , the royal protocol talk , and the royal eternal indebtedness thing .
hey it would be easy to write this on my computer keyboard , but computers are a thing of the past now .
i said if that situation occurred , we d never hear a thing .
there is no such thing as really safe .
twenty seven years of living in seattle had not changed a thing for him .
franks mouth dropped open as he finally realized , that the accent the old man had demonstrated was now gone along with any pretense that he had n't known a thing about franks situation , or why he was in fort drum .
we ca n't see a damn thing .
trust is a thing you owe me , not something i ask of you .
a place where you learn more things .
it was the best thing she 'd eaten for weeks and she savoured every hot , greasy mouthful .
soak it up , most of these people will be dead by the morning and there is n't a damn thing we can do about it . ''
the last thing i see is his dark hair , whipping wildly with the wind of the tunnel .
i m sorry , honour , there is no thing .
i m irritated by the first part of what vast saidi am in no way familiar with the miracle , since nobody will tell me a thing about itthat it takes me a moment to realise what else he said .
shed find the smallest thing to punish me for .
ill never feel a thing again .
the only thing i know is that i need to find thomas and olive .
she gave the crystal a puzzled look and headed for her tent , wondering what this whole thing was about .
it was a beautiful thing to see , but she was told she should not have felt a thing .
this was the warmest thing she had ever picked up from him .
she did n't feel a thing , not even a little nudge .
only one thing was particularly evident to them .
i know a thing or two about healing .
what s the biggest thing we are missing in order to defeat the directors ?
its the only thing that you have nt yet taken from me .
her people could learn a thing or two from the lesson i am showing you .
no doubt doc shuyas given you a rundown on his supermatter theories by now , so stop me if i m goin too fast , but the closest thing we ve ever found to the substance is olympicite .
his research team and their niru bodyguards , the closest thing he has to family , are the only thing keeping him sane , and together they will come face to face with evils thought long lost to the world .
looking for that one small thing , that one clue .
bills hearing was the last thing to clear .
they tend to deal in facsimiles of the real thing , do nt they ?
the next thing he remembered was recovering to see janessa working on his leg , what was left of it .
i swear from then until the end of battle i did nt feel a thing !
he could nt see a thing .
yicle , magen whispered , what s this whole slick - er - jarom thing about ?
you know the whole trellan camel thing .
this was the thing that had him so on edge during the last meeting , so distracted a pet !
strictly speaking it was nt even hers yet , she seemed a generous sort anyway , all that fruit of the sea stuff then there was that whole taking and not giving back thing .
as she danced to the slow melody - and beckoned me to join her , which i refused - i tried to place the music , and asked myself why of all things , i could recall it .
they say there is such a thing as flight or fight , an instinctive reaction to events which kicks in when we are faced with extreme circumstance .
zygotes and telomeres flashed on the screen , and the use of a cartoon needle and laser beam made the whole thing sound so simple .
but what about the aura thing ?
that s a wonderful thing you can hold onto , forever .
the only thing the producers got right was the part about the televisions .
she was a talkative little thing , going on and on about how she had cousins in san diego while she shampooed suellas hair and massaged her scalp .
she s talking about the glass thing .
i still do nt understand the dinner thing .
the only thing i remember is my brother .
after mr . welds explains a few more things , he leaves all three of us alone , telling us , get to know each other , ask a few questions .
for a few seconds he could nt hear a thing and could only feel the ground reverberating as people trampled each other to get away .
he was unable to do a thing about it .
he could n't hear a thing with his right , the shot had temporarily deafened it .
neither of them appeared willing to reveal a thing to him .
he s the closest thing i ve ever had to a brother , or family of any kind whatsoever .
` ` that 's not the ... only thing ... missing , '' he replied .
no one learns a damn thing .
the ringing in obi - wan 's ears were the first thing he remembered when he woke up .
now , lets consider the ancient peoples and how among the few things they gave us , besides life , were a lovely variety of seeds , for which we are admittedly eternally grateful , and the less - than - lovely mass of leftovers infecting our oceans , most intensely so just north of our dragon islands .
the last thing i noticed before falling asleep was the dark disc of the new moon hanging on the black felt sky like a strange medallion on the chest of a duergar guard .
lilly has started smiling at me ; such a little thing , but it makes all the pain , suffering , stitches and sleepless nights seem worthwhile .
yeah , it be the wind and naught thing else .
fanta thought that she was a cute little thing , but after reading her case history he knew that she was a loose cannon , a prankster and nothing but trouble .
she had n't asked much from him in their relationship except for that one little thing , damn it anyway !
among other things did you know that the high desert is the best place in the world to grow melons , just as long as you ' ve got plenty of water ?
madras explained that the p-4 patch application was inoperative , having only a 30 to 60 day lifespan , but the circuitry was still intact , and that was the most import thing to mr . lee .
renowned as a ladies man , hunter , and triathlete , there is only one last pesky little thing that the ' virile one ' desires more than anything : to be accepted as the most powerful man in europe ( if not the world , now that phillip hammer has stepped down ) and full membership in the baldenbird group , who refuse to budge , owing to their long - standing tradition dating back to the cold war to exclude russians , slavs , and non- northern europeans from their ranks .
this is the most important thing that you must learn : the harder you try , the harder it gets .
malachi was theoretically interested at first , but he later soured on the whole thing .
adolescent primate males are biologically hardwired to let off excess sexual steam , and a waste is a terrible thing to mind the herd must be kept moving and be given things to do and smash !
the only thing intel knew was that there was a lot of chatter about something big going down , soon .
maron explained the whole thing to rals .
but the first thing you noticed was the junk - heap in the middle of the cellar .
maybe my hard - drive was softening but i extracted lots of things from it tucked away for decades but saved and available like the line - up of the unbeatable st louis cardinals with their sluggers - row , the pansy philadelphia athletics , hitless wonders , guided by ancient connie mack , a gentlemen so a loser , into eighth place , year after year .
the only thing i heard was the rain lashing against the panes .
i had trouble formulating the thing clearly .
the only thing there was a picture of the ' sherwood forest country park visitor centre ' .
is it a thing of men ?
that was another thing she could not understand .
it is a simple thing , a wonderful thing , is n't it ? ''
do n't understand a goddamned thing , do ya ?
the previous evening he had thought the only thing keeping him in the city was that nasinwa had the skyglass .
` ` ' genetic thing ' ? ''
doctors think they know every fucking thing .
i do n't know the first thing about kids !
and eli had n't really done a damn thing .
the next thing i m aware of is the bluish predawn light and the girl sitting up in bed , staring at me .
isabels long , lithe body emerging from that pondplastered with golden hair , shedding glorious rivulets like jewels shimmering in the summer sunwas the most beautiful thing i d ever seen is still the most beautiful thing i ve ever seen .
isabels long , lithe body emerging from that pondplastered with golden hair , shedding glorious rivulets like jewels shimmering in the summer sunwas the most beautiful thing i d ever seen is still the most beautiful thing i ve ever seen .
we stop , puzzleddid he dig that whole thing ?
there are no doors , no windows the only thing that suggests this place is even remotely real is the mirror - window but that is nt real either , and becca knows it .
they re prideful , boastful , and they make fun of every little thing about the people that are on the light clan .
yer usual , plus that eh other thing ye asked fer .
this freedom thing .
the only thing she left behind were two science crates that contained the equipment for the return trip to the future because they were too delicate for her to risk .
for a brief instant , he caught her searching expression where she wanted some mysterious thing from him .
the tills were an oddity : there was no such thing as paper money , but each register had five rectangular slots for the stuff , right above the coin sections .
funny thing is we would have done not a thing differently if we knew a little more .
schools never taught any such thing , the social cypher having control of the infrastructure that made scholastic texts .
he was no longer anywhere , and the only thing in his eyes was citizen vaisss smugly emotionless face , and the only thing in his mind was saint paige ki .
how can n discuss this mistreatment of olympians if n do nt know a thing about tmen ?
the only significant thing in it was a dark stain on the wall .
` ` culture 's a hard thing to describe .
that is one thing i look forward to on this trip .
this is just an old disused railway line.the only thing we have to worry about is those men who are after me .
atsu had been unable to recall a thing , being surprised when her eyes had returned to normal and jessica had asked her what she had meant .
' did n't feel a thing .
but the worst thing , the most unforgettable thing was the head .
the palladium might be the only thing standing between this city and total destruction . ''
he ca nt do a thing , said blaylocke .
and absolutely none of it had been resolved by the whole persister thing .
the sensor systems did n't pick up a damn thing and the guards could n't see them either .
deke could nt hear a thing through the wind that whistled around his ears .
obviously he had at one time but if you asked him , he could not tell you a thing for he had no memory of them .
it is the only thing that makes sense , deo explained .
he could n't hear a thing over the howling the wind .
it 's not a thing , mr . reeves , the red baron is a highly advanced piece of machinery and a prized possession of mine and i would hope you would assist in making portage through this rathole .
since i ' m walking back to my bike and have the time i 'll explain the whole ` ` brain pattern transfer '' thing to you and we will wrap up this part one of this story .
the next thing she noticed was the uncanny light in the skies .
now , for the first time , you can see a full map of deucado with all its features flattened : the most important thing to notice are the huge holes punched into the surface of the planet by countless asteroid and meteor strikes over the millennia .
now this might not seem like a difficult thing to put in a manuscript so that it renders properly on an kindle or ipad .
the first thing i learned was that scientists have observed that the oort cloud surrounding tau ceti contained more than 10 times as much dust and debris as compared to the solar system .
the difference is subtle but in the modern version , the only thing fridone notes is that rome lost her ` ` mind - connectedness '' not her ability to emote .
tabit is part of the constellation of orion and this is where the whole thing starts .
the very first thing you must accept is that there are things in this universe that are outside of your experience .
terms like pro - war and anti - war do n't really mean a thing .
but it 's the only thing that would explain it .
erica paused , wondering if time travel was really the thing shed traveled so far to talk about .
okay , now i get the necklace thing .
they have a word for people who claim that time travel is a real thing .
because there was nt any such thing as back together .
the only thing we d need to worry about is low tide and a short drop if the beach has eroded over ten years .
but its also the scariest thing i can comprehend .
she was 3,000 miles away and there was nt a damn thing he could do about it .
` ` , ` ` a sapient species is a precious thing to waste '' , ` ` it 's our duty to bring them back '' , ` ` reboot their civilisation '' , ` ` we will tell them what made them extinct , and they wo n't repeat the same mistake ever again ! ''
what , he shuffled a few pages of his notes , and then finished , what is this z - axis thing you mentioned ?
i thought about a lot of things the poet did nt know a damned thing about .
i thought about a lot of things the poet did nt know a damned thing about .
` ` this whole stone - coat thing has had native americans creeped - out for centuries .
` ` i suppose that for the sake of humanity i will need to tell the nsa about that , but first i will need to devise a clever cover story that does not reveal how i could ever have learned such a thing . ''
can you please explain to me why you have taken away my license to drive when that is the very thing that would help a crippled lady find a job and keep it ? ''
the first thing you need to learn when controlling your mystic powers ion whipped around : jedius had awoken from his meditation out of the sudden , and was now looking at him with a serene smile .
because you need to understand and accept that all things will not fall in place the way you want them to in life .
there is one final thing we need .
but there is one final thing i will impart , which will aid you just as well .
but we do nt have the one thing that matters .
i know now that until it is destroyed once and for all , there is no such thing as a peace for us : the xeni are far more deadly than we had imagined , and they just proved it to us .
the last thing he remembered was the nyon temple being attacked by the xeni .
the only thing we can pick up about it is bad .
so to her mind her beauty was a sham , a thing that only existed for others .
the last thing i remembered was the bright light that had scared away the trebestia .
brynna , after my thousands of years in this realm , i have learned many things , and one area of expertise in which i excel is the area of pleasure .
and your darling james , he might not feel a thing for you , but you feel for him , so watching me take off his head would hurt you so terribly , would nt it ?
what s the first thing you re going to beat out of him , allie ?
maybe it was my adrenaline pumping that kept me from feeling pain , or maybe it was because the cord really was as sharp as they said , so sharp that one would nt feel a thing until your top half was sliding off your bottom half .
we must save some for lucy , though we all know how she looks upon all things fun and sweet and wonderful with much disdain .
well , thank god you re with her , or else you might have been another one of her targets for this whole red fever thing .
oh , the other things he rambled on about his nights with the many women he encountered , hitting your mother once when they had both had too much to drink , dropping violet when she was a baby accidentally tyre laughed rather heartily , i could not believe the trivialities leaving his mouth .
i did nt have the slightest clue what to say to him , besides i m sorry , and i had said that a thousand times already , and i knew better than anyone that it did nt help a damn thing .
we may have shared a moment in the cafeteria in which i decided he s not a threat to me , and maybe i think his eyes are the most beautiful thing i ve ever seen .
it wo nt be long before my sister is called on to give her up and he wo nt do a damn thing to stop it .
hopefully by the end of the week you ll have learned a thing or two about how to keep yourself from getting hurt too badly .
caspin gave me the most amazing thing , tom replied .
the main thing is that such a thing is possible in principle .
but you know , the funny thing was that this water vehicle had been tied up on the flushing water of the main sewerdunno what you call such things .
the only thing missing was good conversation .
i would n't wash the floor with that , '' julianna said , entering into the spirit of the thing .
well , things like , what you do for a living , what you might need in the upcoming days , what you might be willing to give to those who might be in need , that sort of thing .
i also wanted to see how you people interacted , how you decided who would be in charge , who would listen in and not talk , that sort of thing .
bri , those ranks do nt mean a thing anymore .
of course , there s also the jackson thing .
chapter 9 : lock and key ` ` our lives are only the last thing we give in the line of duty . ''
` ` there 's one more thing here that i need .
maybe you should - you d learn a blasted thing or two .
i did nt tell him a thing .
whatever you do , do n't mention a thing about the scroll to whoever 's piloting it . ''
floating into my senses was the most tantalizing , tempting , wonderful thing i 'd ever smelled .
even though i could n't see a thing , i could tell by the sound of the bullet 's impact that one of the main tent 's guards was now lacking a head .
the next thing i noticed was the ground .
a thin layer of dust was the only thing evident on its surface , other than a few deep scratches and strips of peeling varnish .
we 're disorganized , unprepared , exhausted , and armed with weapons we do n't know a damn thing about . ''
she did nt say a thing as the doors shut behind them .
shed always been taught that if you wanted to become a good journalist the very first thing you had to learn was psychology .
that s not a thing ... is it ?
but he 'd learnt a thing or two as a special commander about the extraordinary dangers that littered the milky way .
the only thing dad ever taught me is how to cheat at cards .
` ` i 'll disagree with you on the food thing , but , yes .
angered near to insanity over the slightest thing . ''
` ` darro was the closest thing i had to a father .
whether dashe kol was motivated by the fortune to be found above or the problems that awaited him below , there was nt a thing that could be done to deter his newfound enthusiasm .
tom started singing a country song , two young people without a thing ; say some vows and spread their wings ; settle down with just what they need ; livin on love .
pang took her hand off of the pistol , now that i have your attention , there is now no such thing as a security clearance .
third , and this was the thing that mike thought was amazing , was that it allowed the mech armor to display an adaptive pattern of camouflage on its exterior .
with this comprehension , lenny was able to understand one thing about the hostile dragons that just tried to kill everybody .
the only thing that i can think of was a discussion on the quantum zeno effect , the turing paradox , stochastic systems , and the bekenstein bound .
the only thing he kept was his springfield xd .
so , would you not say that is an admirable thing ? ''
` ` so draagh , how is it that you know these personal things about us , and how did you supposedly plant suggestions in our heads ? ''
she glared at whoever was pointing the bright light into her eyes ; she could n't see a damned thing .
it was excruciating torture but she could n't do a thing to stop it .
she assured her sister that shed be happy to get books on any old , odd thing at all , not to worry .
you do know that another person could conclude that this seer thing was bullshit and that you guys were running some sort of scam and trying to keep me at bay , ariel remarked .
i did nt see any thing when we kissed , she said , surprised .
zane winced a little at the terminology but he thought he got the idea even though he was severely jet lagged and still getting his arms around this whole telepathy thing .
dr . karson said , becoming acutely aware of another thing he d overlooked in his shock .
the only positive thing that came out of all this was the fact that my daughter finally embraced her calling .
by the time they were back in school the next day , they had come to a wider perspective on this time travel thing .
is there such a thing as time travel ?
one thing she did know : the requiem was still being sung , softly filling the air around them .
one thing he did know : they must wait this out .
one thing he did know .
still there is one thing i would like to know , he said .
i happen to know a thing or two about honesty , dr . tyson .
she probably treated dozens of guys like that every day , and it did nt mean a thing .
ca nt feel a thing .
something is being done to me and by a mere thing , here in my own house .
` ` but it 's this same sort of thing . ''
but there is no such thing as passive life .
i am afraid this is one thing i 'll miss .
` ` you mean there may be things about self - regulating coffee pots that we do n't know ?
for one thing , betelgeuse 4 has no moon , so that should answer that . ''
reardon listened with continuously raised eyebrows , as if he had never heard such an outlandish thing before .
the only thing he 's missing is that the problem occurs when the autopilot 's off .
` ` therefore i ' ve given the problem to faro and yimot , without really telling them what it 's all about , and asked them to calculate the whole thing from scratch .
athor and folimun were the only ones present , and neither of them said a thing to anyone else about it afterward , so far as theremon could discover .
they- '' ` ` no such thing , young man , '' interrupted athor .
not a thing i could do for them .
that was the essential thing that came with the end of the world , she realized .
it was a frightening thing to hear .
you have to understand that people do n't believe the book of revelations anymore , and it annoys them to have scientists turn about - face and tell us the cultists are right after all -- ` ` ` ` no such thing , young man , '' interrupted aton .
neither we nor the kloros will gain a thing . ''
your institute may be interested in the thing , but i ' m not .
but i , as an earthman , understand one thing . ''
` ` i did n't feel a thing . ''
for the real thing i dip into hyperspace , and i can do that anywhere , anytime .
` ` surely , '' said venabili , with the ghost of a smile playing at her lips , ` ` you are attributing no such thing to your father . ''
it does n't mean a thing as long as we 're held together . ''
the stewardess said , ` ` i think he 's beginning to feel a little better , poor little thing . ''
it was a dim , aching sort of thing that had no understanding in it at first .
this thing now , this thing benes is bringing with him , this new knowledge , may end the stalemate once and for all .
he had once been able to write the chemical formula of a portion of a peptide chain and here was the real thing .
` ` there will be no such thing as privacy .
you can even show it to them and they would n't know a thing . ''
that 's the nub of the whole thing .
' i ' ve lived on dorlis twenty - five years , brand , ' he said , ' i ' ve poked into places no one today knew existed , and i ' ve found things .
it 's just the thing a book - struck layman with a single - track mind would uncover .
about the only thing we know is that the robots were put aside in complete isolation , to work out their destiny by themselves .
the experiment is so thoroughly academic , i would n't spend two days on it if it were n't for the broad scope of the thing .
there 's a queer sensation when you pass through the envelope of the field , but it 's momentary and it does n't mean a thing .
-god , he 's an ugly little thing ! ''
since that one inconclusive conversation in the company cafeteria , hoskins had n't said the slightest thing to her in response to her request that timmie be given a child to keep him company .
that 's why there 's such a thing as accents .
but timmie ignored her pitiful sophistries as though she had n't said a thing .
but timmie 's ignorance seemed to be more deeply rooted than that of the usual four - or - five - year - old who was just beginning to discover that there was such a thing as reading which perhaps he or she might actually be able someday to master .
and he wo n't feel a thing .
` ` freedom is a priceless thing , sir , '' andrew said .
but over the course of time he had come to accept its existence as a real thing .
or do n't care : i ' m not sure that 's the same thing , really , but perhaps it is .
it was the kind of impersonal appraisal that some finely manufactured machine might receive ; and andrew saw no reason to take pleasure these days in that sort of thing when it was directed at him .
` ` as simple a thing as my right to life , '' andrew replied . ` `
` ` the one thing i can offer you , mr . martin , is a friendly warning .
what a brain is made of is n't the essential thing : it 's how the brain functions .
that was the essential detail , the only thing she really needed to know .
and so at last andrew could delay things no longer , and brought himself to admit the one necessary fact that made it possible for the robot surgeon to perform the operation , the one thing that the surgeon had not suspected : andrew 's own proper status as something other than a human being .
after all , he had real work begging to be done , and this thing - this mystery - had nothing to do with him .
as little a thing as the surface at evening - she had loved the surface at evening .
` ` what new thing ? ''
such perception was n't a thing of the mind ; it was most characteristic of emotionals .
there 's such a thing as scientific responsibility and the journals are careful not to print nonsense ... ... or what they consider nonsense .
the whole thing depends on certain subtle factors of quark - quark interactions .
it was a very simple thing , something even i could describe to you now that it 's been described to me .
` ` if you say so , '' said morrison coldly , ` ` but i told you that i do n't remember a thing about it . ''
now , the most interesting thing to me is that brownian motion was in balance with miniaturization oscillation and that the greater the degree of miniaturization , the greater the shift in balance toward oscillation and away from ordinary brownian motion . ''
no one specific thing , he decided .
but the only thing you need to know right now is that some settlers do n't like robots very much .
that was a strange thing to find comforting , but still , she felt better .
the ceiling was there , directly over his head , decorated with a subdued abstract design , swirls of color that did not mean a thing .
that was the one thing you had been most determined to hide , the one thing that made you lie awake last night , scheming over the best way to conceal it from me - and we know it already . ''
i have learned a great deal about human politics - enough to say that i do not know the first thing about it .
visibility was the one thing he could not afford to offer .
he could not see a thing .
toth had learned a thing or two about settlers - or at least the sort of settler who got picked up by the cops .
it was one of simcor beddle 's basic beliefs that there was no such thing as a secret .
` ` i hardly know the first thing about him . ` `
but there is such a thing as a qualitative difference .
and suddenly the difference between ranger and deputy did n't mean a damn thing .
` ` i recognize the communicator , but what 's the other thing ? ''
` ` i ca n't see a damned thing back here . ''
fiyle had learned a thing or two about being questioned .
he knew a thing or two about pbi , the planetary bank of inferno .
it does n't do a thing for you . ''
the thing you call falsification just does n't exist in the robot 's mental horizon . ''
that hyperwave thing was nonsense .
if i could endure it , i might be trusted with the real thing , well , i endured it .
` ` for one thing , i wish to speak to gladia again .
they say that 's the closest thing to it .
before he went to sleep - was it the same thing he had forgotten each time ?
please , elijah , i must explain some thing to you .
` ` is that sort of thing important ? ''
` ` surely , '' said dors with the ghost of a smile playing at her lips , ` ` you are attributing no such thing to your father . ''
and if she had not been there , i would not have been able to do a thing to prevent your murder .
how did you discover that there was something unusual about her brain - this thing you ca n't discuss ? ''
` ` there was one thing , however , that las could not provide .
` ` you could not have gotten one thing out of him that he was not ready to let you have .
imagine being blind to a thing like that .
it 's what gives the cubbies the home - field advantage ( though that whole billy goat thing sort of cancels it out ) , leaves an intangible aura of dread around sights of tragic and violent events , and causes places to get a bad reputation for strange occurrences .
still dazed , i could n't do a damned thing about it .
but that part quickly shut up , because inari 's mouth on mine was the sweetest thing i 'd ever tasted .
and so long as trixie kept me in the greenroom , there was n't a damned thing i could do to prevent it .
it was a cold thing that lined his words with frost .
` ` the library is a wonderful place to learn new things , rex . ''
maybe it meant something more like ` ` every last little thing . ''
` ` you do n't know a goddamned thing about me and susan , molly . ''
i 'd had one hell of a day , all in all , but practically the only thing i had left to me was my pride .
the next thing i remember is standing outside the temple with maggie in my arms , wrapped up in the heavy feather cloak her mother had left behind .
` ` except for that pronouncement - of - doom thing .
in her eyes , though , was the thing that belied this : a sense of withdrawing there , pulling back from life .
` ` you know an interesting thing about gammu ?
` ` it is a small thing to ask , '' he said . ` `
a delicate thing , a reverend mother 's view of herself and her behavior .
and in the landscape , those things we always see when we run out of time : trees left uncut because woodcutters have gone - dragooned into our scattering , gone to their graves , gone to unknown places , perhaps even to peonage .
odrade wanted to awaken each morning , her imagination ignited by that changing view , the first thing impressed on awareness at arising .
` ` the essential thing is that they say they want an alliance , '' odrade said .
` ` there 's no such thing as a social code to meet all necessities .
` ` there 's no such thing as human understanding ! ''
that was a thing sheeana claimed she wanted from him .
both of them knew it twenty words into the thing .
that was the thing they feared might have its source in a motivation always to choose the path of least resistance .
she glimpsed the grail then and it was not a thing but a question : how to set those balances aright ?
the closest thing we have to a household goddess is a failed reverend mother - chenoeh there in her niche .
the thing was tangible substance .
humiliation is a thing which no person can forget .
` ` it 's the thing which the sisterhood hides most deeply , the thing they most fear .
it was a private and beautiful thing , not to be paraded in casual conversation between a child and an adult .
the delicate truce prevailed between alia 's priesthood and those desert tribes which had rebelled , but the presence of this truce could be felt as a tangible thing which moved everyone in arrakeen with uneasiness .
but this was the wordless thing which his pre - born awareness most feared .
it was not victory , not defeat , but a new thing to be shared with any inner life he chose .
the old naib there understood the problems being raised by all of this plotting , but nobody else knew a damned thing about the situation !
the intuitive - i might say , gestalting - method by which i operate has a tendency to cause me to ' see ' the whole thing at once ... ... mozart operated this way .
in a conversation in 1974 , dick told me , ` ` well , the idea of a single protagonist , i never could understand that too well ... ... what i ' ve felt is that problems are multipersonal , they involve us all , there 's no such thing as a private problem ... ... ... it 's only a form of ignorance , when i wake up in the morning , and i fall over the chair and break my nose , and i ' m broke , and my wife 's left me - it 's my ignorance that makes me think i ' m an entire universe and that these miseries are my own and they 're not affecting the rest of the world .
that 's the principal thing i see in you - a deep moral authority .
i know she has no right to be circulating that god damn thing , and she knows it , too , but she made it sound as if i was asking for something completely outrageous .
` ` well , '' munro said as he came up , ` ` it seems you know a thing or two about gorillas after all . ''
go to the south african diamond mines or the bolivian emerald mines and the first thing you are made aware of is the security .
` ` we 'll rescue her , '' grubbs says , as if it 's the simplest thing in the world .
` ` just because you 're a wizard does n't mean you know a damned thing about it , '' he said .
` ` hey , i ' m still not sure i buy into this whole hidden - world - of - magic thing .
` ` that 's the second thing you have to understand .
you find out about monsters that make the creatures in the horror movies look like the muppets , and that there 's not a damned thing you can do to protect yourself from them .
that did n't change a damned thing .
` ` tell the doc to sign me up for carpal tunnel surgery when he gets that thing out of me .
and he 's smart enough to know that there 's not a damned thing he can do about it .
` ` but you have n't told me a thing about why they might be interested in the erlking . ''
` ` see , that 's the thing .
of course , my sensitivity and empathy were completely irrelevant , because they would n't do a damned thing to stop him .
without michael and his two companions , the demon ursiel would have torn me limb from literal limb , and i would n't have been able to do a damned thing about it .
of all the - '' ` ` there 's another thing , '' bickel said , shifting his attention to timberlake .
what we 're hunting is a third - order phenomenon ... elationship , not a thing .
it 's the only thing that makes any sense out of this charade .
the thing she sought was an active principle , something between synhexyl and noradrenalin , a flash producer of neurohormones .
the only useful thing we have to offer is information ...
and consciousness is a thing beyond speaking and acting and thinking , timberlake thought .
it had become a thing of the senses - unreal , receding into the past , its atoms dissipated in the time void .
the first thing to catch his attention as he awakened had been the mobius energizer , his clever installation to give the ox a constant source of energy reference .
and a fact was a thing , and words could not retort to a thing : it required another and greater thing .
` ` you prattle but you do n't know a thing , really . ''
whatever question mark may have followed the sentence was a thing implied only , by a slight raising of the eyebrows .
` ` that was the farthest thing from my mind , father , '' said tibor .
yes , he had succeeded in parenthesizing the thing .
i do not understand this thing either , but i can see how it may be involved . ''
a thing compounded of hope , fear , background sounds ?
not a thing we could have done for him , though .
there was no such thing as an unbreakable code - some took longer than others , but every code was breakable .
in this digital age , privacy had become a thing of the past ; there was a record of everything .
` ` what 's the most important thing to know about a weapon ? ''
` ` i ' ve got to get matthew to the pediatrician by eight - fifteen , and neither one of them has eaten a thing , and i ' m not dressed .
entering vie , the first thing sanders heard was laughter .
` ` well , that 's the thing , '' lewyn said .
` ` but that 's the thing , '' lewyn said .
there was really no such thing as being cured ; the ` ` illness '' was life itself , and a constant growth ( or rather a viable growing adaptation ) had to continue , or psychic stagnation would result .
as if in answer to her own thoughts , the friendly voice was murmuring , ` ` i ' ve got a little pain here in my chest , but it does n't amount to a thing ; do n't worry about it , friends .
of course the thing he had left out of his item was the fact that the boihias glasses man was in west marin for no good purpose ; everyone knew that .
for all his efforts , he could not make a thing out of that fact , and so he had not even bothered to mention it to the several doctors and hospitals below .
paul , caught by wonder at the persistent fremen mythos , felt a heart constriction , a thing inflicted upon his lifeline : adab , the demanding memory .
i have seen only this one , yet i know a thing about seas which you do not . ''
` ` there is no such thing as free space , madame . ''
she felt the weight of decision , a physical thing that set her knees to trembling .
in the full glare of light - her eyes miss no thing , neither light nor dark . ''
` ` i am scytale , a tleilaxu of the face dancers , and i would know a thing before we bargain .
yet it is true that buliwyf was seldom surprised by any thing .
there 's no such thing as help .
the only thing i can tell you about karata is that she does n't like being in elantris very much . ''
` ` that is the thing .
iadon 's proclamation grants the thing they have all been wanting - stable titles .
but believe me , i do n't know a thing . ''
` ` i did n't say a thing , '' klia responded , and her voice strained a little to find the correct mix of admonishment and encouragement .
kwuteg had been right in one thing .
for one thing , it carries away order and strengthens the forces at the extremes . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as perfection - not in human or machine . ''
nayla had renewed her faith and revealed with accuracy the thing which leto could not find in siona 's fading image .
they explained the whole damned thing .
` ` that 's another thing '' idaho said .
` ` there is no such thing as choice in such an event !
` ` what value do you place on the things i reveal to you ? ''
` ` that 's one thing he 'll have to understand . ''
` ` it is domestication , a thing that females know from eons of necessity . ''
the slightest thing may be vital . ''
but leto now identified a thing lurking within nyshae 's expression .
beneath his thinking is a thing which came with his cells .
` ` any particular thing which i may not ... '' ` ` we will not need much for our little charade . ''
` ` you think the most terrible thing i gave up was sex ?
he would not change a thing about me . ''
` ` what is this thing of colors , lord ? ''
he holds another thing in his bosom which he does not think that i suspect . ''
` ` but i have seen my lord leto , whose soul i love , and i know the only thing that you truly understand . ''
the important thing lay in what a more careful study revealed tiny transverse cracks , broken places , even a narrow ledge about twenty meters above the drifting sand at the bottom ... and another ledge about two - thirds of the way up the face .
the people who administer the museum and the people who come to bend over the cases and stare few of them sense this missing thing .
if he does n't know a thing , he 'll make it up . ''
it was a thing as alien to this place and time as true love , and yet as concrete as a judgment , a silent reminder of the time when the world had not yet moved on .
such meditation was a new thing for him , novel , sweet in a melancholy sort of way , but still utterly without practical value : there was no solution to the problem of jake other than the one the oracle had offered c and that was simply not possible .
she allowed something softly self - mocking in her tone , a thing she knew schwangyu would hear and misinterpret .
but the thing had developed its own momentum , becoming a pervasive compulsion .
taraza did not believe there was any such thing as a beneficent power guarding humankind .
problems arose from the fact that the foster mother gave odrade that thing which most mothers give their children , that thing which the sisterhood so distrusted - love .
problems arose from the fact that the foster mother gave odrade that thing which most mothers give their children , that thing which the sisterhood so distrusted - love .
some essential thing was gone from them .
the farthest thing from our desires is an end to those who preserve the great belief . ''
ix has never even vaguely suggested such a thing .
and now , the fear he carried back with him was a thing the bene gesserit understood intimately through millennia of manipulations .
the very thing she had desired of albertus .
but waff did not doubt for an instant that the bene gesserit knew even this thing .
tar , what if this secret thing waff 's people have introduced into our ghola is something that would make the ghola a male equivalent of the honored matres ? ''
slowly but distinctly , things were being revealed and each new thing opened a view to more that could be learned .
slowly but distinctly , things were being revealed and each new thing opened a view to more that could be learned .
reason could not explain the thing .
humming sounds like the noises of angry insects came from his mouth , a modulated thing that clearly was some kind of language .
but there is a thing from them that your words reveal you do not know .
an alert little thing , sheeana .
that was another thing that made sera want to scream .
this art of memory thing seemed for real , and he found himself wishing he had n't been so boastful about it .
` ` you really thought you could hide such a thing from the sq ? ''
` ` that was the most glorious thing i ' ve ever tasted , '' dak said .
well , now you ' ve got a rex in with the sauropods , and there 's not a damned thing you can do about it . ''
but the first thing that he saw , gleaming in the darkness , was eyes .
in the bottom of the pack she found the most amazing thing of all .
those dark eyes seared her with the one thing she knew he did n't give easily .
then he 'd learn a thing or two about pain .
vengeance was an ugly thing and she 'd wanted to ram her family crest down the bastard 's throat .
the only thing that was sharper and that scarred more was the selfish actions of those you loved when they made it crystal clear that they cared more for themselves than they did for you .
` ` number twenty is the only thing i share with my uncle .
` ` ca n't see a thing . ''
other than the distant sounds of the chaotic dance taking place down the street , he could n't hear a thing .
conserving power and fuel no longer meant a thing .
it was low and throaty , as ominous a thing as he could imagine .
he hears one last thing , finally something that does n't make him shiver in disgust or fright .
` ` tell me more about your whole maze thing . ''
` ` my whole maze thing ?
he told it all ; the only thing he left out was the kiss .
i do n't understand all of it , not even close , but i think this whole thing about killing me is just another layer .
the telepathy thing , i mean .
the second thing i know is that the reason for all this was that you had to truly and absolutely feel betrayed .
every little thing she did or said now bothered him .
` ` jobs , '' thomas repeated , as if the word were the most foreign thing he 'd ever heard .
thomas remembered the envelope in his pocket , a thing he 'd almost forgotten about until now .
the only thing he could hear besides the thump of his footsteps and his own breathing was the sound of distant waves breaking on the bottom of the cliff , and even that was faint .
struggling had n't accomplished a thing , and he needed to save his energy for when the right opportunity presented itself .
2 the virtnet was a funny thing .
i know that whole suicide negotiation thing is part of the lifeblood experience stuff , but who could ' ve known yours would be a real one ?
he leaned closer to the chair and prepared to listen intently - to not miss a thing .
` ` not a thing , '' he responded , his voice slightly muffled .
` ` not a single thing .
his grandpa 's unpunished blasphemy did not make him a criminal or a bad boy , or even such a small thing as a ` ` problem child '' ( a phrase that had become as much of the language as ` ` kicks '' and ` ` zip guns '' ) .
` ` he said you gave him some genetic thing .
the asian thing .
wo n't feel a thing . ''
` ` i believe i have just the thing . ''
nobody tells me a thing .
but you come from tijuana ; i probably ca n't teach you a thing . '
and you 're not going to be able to ; you 're going to return to your own time a few moments from now knowing nothing , not a damn thing , about the world of the future c whereas if you had made a few deals with me you could know everything . '
in such absurd miniature the girl 's image could not be deciphered ; he could not tell a thing about her .
or is there such a thing as self - compassion ?
is n't cooperation a beautiful thing ?
sometimes i wonder if the whole living - in - a - bubble thing is just a way to keep the shrink 's ancient and unfulfilled desires at bay .
that makes me feel a lot better about the thing . ''
i tend to forget how normal humans are made uncomfortable by the sniffing thing .
but the whole unconsciousness thing does n't quite happen .
` ` do you guys get a lot of that kind of thing ? ''
but there was one last thing i had to get before we left .
and that other thing , the big breathing thing , whatever the hell that was ... manny 's eyes widened when he saw me .
the only thing we 're still waiting on is the mri report , but the mri 's broken down .
i ' m referring to drugs , any history of behavioral disorders , that kind of thing .
` ` i swear , i do n't know a thing about it ! ''
` ` well , for one thing , you 'd be assured you were n't infected .
it 's the last thing i need .
` ` it 's the principle of the thing , '' i said .
` ` your jealousy of my intellect is an ugly , ugly thing , harry , '' bob said .
did n't know a damn thing . ''
not a thing you can do to stop her , but at least you know just how she 's going to move .
chances are , there 's not a damned thing he could do about it .
adrenaline without an outlet is a funny thing .
she can walk out and there 's not a damned thing you can do about it .
` ` i do n't know a damned thing about them . ''
there 's not a thing the faeries can do about that .
but the salve i had spread over my eyes revealed those illusions for what they really were , and showed me the thing beneath the mask .
i would never have realized the weakness in the fetches ' defenses had i not pushed myself to my limits ; the only thing i had to fear was fear itself .
she restores his sight , and the first thing his eyes see is the face of she who delivers him from agony .
but that does n't change a damned thing about what you did to them .
i thought about writing the whole thing off , conjuring up a wistful image of digging a hole , getting in , and then pulling the hole in after me .
for the first time it occurs to me - perhaps burnout is n't such a dreadful thing .
the only thing i ' m good at is grimspace , and it 'll eventually kill me .
until now , i had n't realized how much i 'd incorporated that idea into my personal philosophy , if i could be said to have such a thing .
i wo n't give him a damn thing either .
he 's the only thing standing between me and madness down here .
the phase drive only works in certain zones , you know that , and- '' ` ` the first thing we learn is that there is no distance in grimspace , as relates to coordinates in straight space , '' i counter .
that 's the last thing i want or need .
` ` not killing , it might know some useful thing . ''
hard to say if that 's a statement or a question , but i 'll try to know some useful thing if it keeps us alive a little longer .
the first room is enormous , furnished with good synth - wood that shines almost like the real thing .
` ` did i share the most interesting thing ? ''
` ` if you learn only one thing from me , let it be this .
` ` i ' m not really into the whole god thing , '' i said .
kincaid was the closest thing she had to family .
granted , i had busted him up pretty good with that silver hand thing , but he was taking it so freaking personally .
` ` it is not my place to know such things - or to ask . ''
just gone from my fingers , and i had n't felt a thing .
but the fact of the matter was that i did n't know a damned thing about boats , and that i was secretly impressed that he could sail the thing around the lake so blithely .
thomas had n't said a damned thing about where we were going - or how anyone was doing after the events of the night before .
the corps could n't do a thing . ''
` ` i do n't mind telling you , dr . johnson , this thing scares the hell out of me .
but harry was astute ; he did n't miss a thing .
and for the next couple of days , there 's not a damn thing we can do about it .
yes i know many things about your entities .
the first thing had always been a green glow on the horizon .
i meanno , i did n't know a thing about it .
` ` i ca n't find out a thing .
now : is the thing you wanted me to see here ? ''
he vaguely remembered stories of people being surprised by pigs , gored by the tusks of an aggressive boar that charged out of the underbrush the first thing he heard , however , was a mechanical click .
i ' m not convinced there is such a thing as justice .
it seemed , in one moment , the most glorious thing he could ever have wanted .
he could n't see a thing ; there was an indentation for his head , but wood cut off his view to all sides .
she never felt a thing when touching one .
all men can see it , even if they do n't want to speak of this thing .
the thing that had made gavilar so excited in the months before his death .
normally i ' m quite cognizant of that sort of thing . ''
` ` i did n't give him a thing . ''
but if there was such a thing as truth , it was far more complicated and murky than she 'd assumed .
there are so many things to explore , so many places your mind could go .
` ` the first thing you need to learn is that it 's all right to care . ''
she had n't said a thing about the irregularity of the request , nor had she seemed amused by his desire to write down one of his delusions .
you must know this thing . ''
that was another thing i stole .
the only thing we know for certain is this . ''
` ` lad , '' he said quietly , ` ` i think it would be good for their morale if you showed them a thing or two yourself . ''
now i know you gut things to tell me , but before you start , there 's one thing i gut to tell you .
that , for instance , a german vampire who swilled the life 's blood of a frenchman might speak french for a week or ten days , speak it like a native , and then the ability , like his victim 's memories , would begin to fade ... how could he know a thing like that ?
for mordred now had the final thing he had been looking for , which was the way roland and his friends had gotten out of here .
one more thing most breakers are not into .
which is ironic , you know , because if there really is such a thing as becoming , then trampas is one of the few who actually seem to be getting somewhere with it .
not a thing she 's holding back , but something she did n't recognize as important .
was he talking about the drones , an eye - in - the - sky thing ?
` ` the only thing i know is i do n't know anything anymore . ''
the thing that gets me is whether i 'd take that hand if it belonged to anyone other than ben parish .
when it was finished , he said , ` ` strangest damned thing i ever heard , '' and played it over again .
but we have n't done a thing about the gi tract yet . ''
not disintegration , or bone - cleaning , or any other damned thing .
that is the first thing i require of your mission . ''
neither man heard a thing .
` ` he 's the only thing standing between us and - '' ` ` destiny ? ''
what 's the first thing they teach you in your first college creative - writing course ?
with the possible exception of the panspechi , no other species knew the first thing about caleban and taprisiot phenomena beyond their economic and personal value .
the thing which busab had uncovered was about to become an issue in gowachin law .
the least thing that is known shall govern your acts .
the closest thing you have to this , as i understand it , is familial responsibility .
another thing surprised him : the appearance of antiquity in this warren .
there was no such thing as mutual , unquestioning trust .
it was as though he did n't want to learn this thing .
` ` not a thing , '' said garcia .
sparrow said , ` ` do you think you can find out any thing else about that thing ? ''
` ` well , the theory is that c - a acts on a rather nebulous central nervous system thing called the ' metabolic governor ' in such a way as to keep us from burning up when available oxygen is increased .
` ` i did n't know a thing about him until we found him ! ''
` ` there 's such a thing as being on god 's side .
that 's really the thing behind miracles .
if you forget every thing else you ' ve learned about coping with potential or actual terrorists , remember this : do n't ignore your suspicions .
that was a thing of which he as yet had no knowing .
as the gunslinger was about to reiterate his warning for eddie to be on guard and announce ( loud enough for the lady to hear , if she was only shamming ) that he was going to turn in , eddie said the thing which lighted roland 's mind in a single sudden glare , the thing which made him understand at least part of what he needed so badly to know .
that was the next thing .
roland looked back at him evenly , his eyes giving away not a thing .
jack mort did n't feel a thing .
at these moments as at no others everything was clear , everything stood out with exact and geometrically perfect substance ; here was a thing which he had pushed into reality , as a sculptor swings a hammer against a chisel to change stone and create some new substance from the brute caldera ; here was the world 's most remarkable thing : logic which was also ecstasy .
in matters of the tower , fate became a thing as merciful as the lighter which had saved his life and as painful as the fire the miracle had ignited .
` ` you want to know the only thing my brother ever had to teach me ? ''
' but the embryo 's the key to the entire thing , ' schruille said .
' now it happens i ' ve discovered the thing we missed , ' nourse said .
there 's a thing you all should know now . '
the only thing they agreed upon was the appearance of the cabby -- - a tough brute of a man , they said , with an ugly white scar across his forehead .
but personal conflict now -- there 's the thing ! ''
no chem would hazard his own offspring - so rare and precious a thing , that lonely link with the lost past .
` ` well , for one thing , there are some ... practical matters to consider . ''
trust me on this ; there is no such thing as a hermit among souls .
the first thing we could make out , after minutes of blinking and squinting , was the thick whiteness that fell from the dark face , a million splinters of pale in the night .
i tell you , it 's the kind of thing that can drive a man crazy with curiosity . ''
it was a good thing the food was exactly the same thing as always , because if , miraculously , a filet mignon or a bag of cheetos had materialized , i would n't have been able to taste a thing .
i knew the cooled , rubbery eggs were n't the best thing i 'd ever tasted , but that 's how it felt .
the only thing that ached worse than my leg was my head .
that surprised me - she was such a little thing , so young looking .
they did n't find a thing . ''
they have n't found a thing .
memory was such a worthless thing , really .
this thing that made him a poet kept him digging beneath every surface like a child pawing through pages of glyphs .
it was a long , warm tunnel and the most disturbing thing was that it contained no heartbeat , no pulse at all .
the thing seemed to mov ... . like the waves of the sea .
and there was a new quietude in her manner , a wish to share this thing with someone .
but , since it was the only thing that made even remote sense , brian ignored what he knew and plunged on .
he was a gunslinging violinist - an interesting combination - but he did n't know a thing about flying planes .
` ` the last thing i want to pass on to you is that our destination will now be bangor , maine . ''
` ` not a bloody thing , '' nick said , matching brian 's tone .
i do n't hear a bloody thing , but my nerves are jumping like grease on a hot griddle , and i ' m used to paying attention when they do that .
we forgot the most elementary thing , you see , although it was right in front of us all the time .
words were the first thing i 'd gotten back .
that was the first thing being sick taught me : it 's fun to scare people .
` ` here 's the thing , pearl .
` ` time is a strange thing , zahler , '' alana ray said .
room service was a thing of the ancient past .
the only really new thing i can add to all those stories is this : it happened in a small town outside tulsa , about halfway through the heartland tour .
` ` an innocuous thing , '' gallow said .
this was a thing he , too , sought in the subjects brought before him .
genetics , of course , adds a particularly bitter edge to the whole thing .
an unconscious thing , borne for years , it had unfolded in keel like an evil flower , showing a part of himself he had never suspected .
add one tiny crystal and the whole thing precipitates out one massive crystal .
the pilot did n't suspect a thing until we were right behind him . ''
you can draw up a plan of the access hatches , the power station , tool storage , vehicle bays ... that sort of thing . ''
he told himself that a thing like this must have some deep meaning .
garraty began to wonder if there really was such a thing as a sun , or if he had dreamed it .
` ` there 's only one thing i want from you now .
` ` yes , '' levine said , '' but of course that does n't mean a thing .
and i do n't know a thing about baby tyrannosaurs .
levine said , ` ` well , at least we were right about one thing .
` ` there was n't a thing either of us could do to stop him , either . ''
mr marinville from across the street was over the other day with a banana cake he baked ( he 's quite a sweetie for a guy who once wrote a book about a man having a love - affair with his own daughter ... and called the book delight , of all things ) , and he spent some time with seth , who was taking a sandbox - break to watch bonanza .
in his mind he is now hearing a very strange thing , a kind of soundtrack .
sometimes there are things like that ( herb twisting his lip or me slapping myself ) , things like a powerful hypnosis , but not often .
it was the tenderest thing .
` ` you have n't won a thing , maggot , '' he said quietly .
` ` it 's a brain thing , '' rex said .
` ` and that 's why bixby has this thing about thirteen ? ''
if he sensed any slightest thing wrong , he would have called it off and waited for another day .
she had sustained a number of small scratches crawling after them through the brush , but roland had to admit to himself that she could be as quiet as a ghost when she wanted to be ; he had n't heard a thing .
what makes you ask a thing like that ? ''
` ` they ' ve been doing it a long time , '' roland said , ` ` and i imagine they could show us a thing or two .
what mattered was that when the speakers were reactivated , the only thing they broadcast was a single tape - loop ... the loop with the drum - track on it .
` ` there 's a thousand of those ever - fucking dipolar computers right under the ever - fucking city , maybe a hundred thousand , and the only one that still works do n't do a thing except play watch me and run those drums !
just a physical thing , this , an antenna that maybe all human beings had thousands of years ago .
she did n't teach them a thing .
elizabeth got fed up with his other ' adventures , ' though he swore they ' did n't mean a thing , ' and finally packed her bags and left him .
michael , she has a right to be protected from something like that ; she may not believe in this psychic power thing . '
all wrong , a thing like that on an invalid who just stared and stared through the screens of the porch .
and it will pass to that california daughter when deirdre dies , unless somebody managed to change all those old papers and i do n't think you can change a thing like that .
but there was something there , something he 'd discovered , some little thing he had n't known .
they are full of stories of such persons , called in one place sorcerer , and in another witch , but what has the devil to do with such things ?
i have considered the writings of wizards , through their warnings , and through anecdotes and the teachings of the church fathers , for no matter what fools they be in some matters , the church fathers do know a thing or two of spirits , in which they are in agreement with the ancients , and that agreement is a significant point .
and perhaps she understood , for next she said sadly to me : ' ah , how can i allow you to leave this place when you know these things of him and of me ? '
did n't know a thing about horses as i recall did n't have to i believe he went back to being a policeman later on .
there are several stories which indicate that mary beth could see the future but disliked using the power when asked to predict or to help make a decision , she frequently warned the family members involved that ' second sight ' was n't a simple thing and that predicting the future could be ' tricky ' however , she did now and then make outright predictions .
mary beth was by that time about twenty - five years old and extremely independent and it was no secret that little belle the child of the mysterious scottish lord mayfair was not right in the head though very sweet and amiable , belle was obviously unable to learn even simple things , and reacted emotionally to life forever as though she were about four years old , or so the cousins later described it people hesitated to use the word feeble - minded .
' you know what she was up to7 i 'll tell you every sister in that convent felt that stella was her special little friend she led you to believe that she told you little secrets about herself , just as if she 'd never told them to another soul and she knew all about you , she did she knew things you 'd never told anyone , and she 'd talk to you about your secrets and your fears and the things you always wanted to tell someone , and she 'd make you feel better about it and later , hours later , or maybe even days later , you 'd think about it , think about what it had been like to be sitting there in the garden whispering with her , and you 'd know she was a witch ' she was from the devil and she was up to no good .
her detractors have described her as no more than a glorified legal clerk but kinder evidence seems to indicate she became ' the backbone ' of byrnes , brown and blake , she is the one who knows every - thing , and that with her demise , the firm will be hard put to find anyone to take her place .
when he woke up , he was stuart he had absolutely no recollection of ever having been anyone else indeed , he believed he was ten years old , and when he heard a manly voice issuing from his own throat , he was horrified when he discovered he had a grown man 's body , he was speechless with shock dumbfounded he sat in his hospital bed listening to stories of what had been happening to him for the last ten years of course he did not understand french he 'd had a terrible time with it in school and of course he could n't play the piano why , everybody knew he had no musical ability he could not even carry a tune in the next few weeks , he sat staring at the dinner table at his ' enormous ' brothers and sisters , at his now gray - haired father , and at his mother , who could not look at him without bursting into tears telephones and automobiles which hardly existed in 1905 when he had ceased to be stuart startled him endlessly electric lights filled him with insecurity but the keenest source of agony was his own adult body and the ever deepening realization that his childhood and adolescence were now gone without a trace then he began to confront the inevitable problems he was twenty with the emotions and education of a ten - year - old boy he began to gain weight , his color improved , he went riding on the nearby ranches with his old friends tutors were hired to educate him , he read the newspapers and the national magazines by the hour he took long walks during which he practiced moving and thinking like an adult but he lived in a perpetual state of anxiety he was passionately attracted to women , but did not know how to deal with this attraction his feelings were easily hurt as a man he felt hopelessly inadequate at last he began to quarrel with everyone , and discovering that he could drink with impunity , he began to ' hit the bottle ' in the local saloons soon the whole town knew the story some people remembered the first ' go round ' when antoinette had been born others only heard the whole tale in retrospect whatever the case , there was ceaseless talk and though the local paper never , out of deference to the doctor , made mention of this bizarre story , a reporter from dallas , texas , got wind of it from several sources , and without the family 's cooperation , wrote a long article on it which appeared in the sunday edition of a dallas paper in 1915 other papers picked up this story it was eventually forwarded to us in london about two months after it appeared meantime curiosity seekers descended upon stuart a local author wanted to write a novel about him representatives from national magazines rang the front door bell the family was up in arms stuart was once again driven indoors , and sat brooding in the attic room , staring at the treasured possessions of this strange person antoinette , and feeling that ten years of his life had been stolen from him , and he was now a hopeless misfit , driven to antagonizing everyone he knew no doubt the family received a great deal of unwelcome mail on the other hand , communication in that day and age was not what it is now whatever the case , a package from the talamasca reached stuart in late 1916 , containing two well - known books about such cases of ' possession , ' along with a letter from us informing him that we had a good deal of knowledge about such things and would be very glad to talk to him about it , and about others who had experienced the same thing stuart at once fired off a reply he met with our representative louis daly in dallas in the summer of 1917 , and gratefully agreed to go with us to london dr townsend , at first deeply concerned , was finally won over by louis , who assured him that our approach to such things was entirely scholarly , and at last stuart came to us on september 1 , he was received into the order as a novice the following year , and he remained with us from then on his first project of course was a thorough study of his own case , and a study of every other known case of possession on record his conclusion finally , and that of the other talamasca scholars assigned to this area of research , was that he indeed had been possessed by the spirit of a dead woman he believed then and ever after that the spirit of antoinette fielding could have been driven out of him , if anyone knowledgeable had been consulted , even a catholic priest for though the catholic church holds that such cases are purely demonic which we do not there is no doubt that their techniques for exorcising such alien presences do work for the next five years stuart did nothing but investigate past cases of possession the world over he interviewed victims by the dozens , taking voluminous notes he came to the conclusion long held by the talamasca that there are a great variety of entities who engage in possession some may be ghosts , some may be entities who were never human , some may be ' other personalities ' within the host but he remained convinced that antoinette fielding had been a real human being , and that like many such ghosts , she had not known or understood that she was dead in 1920 he went to paris to find evidence of antoinette fielding he was unable to discover anything at all but the few bits of information about the dead louisa fielding did fit with what antoinette had written about her mother time , however , had long ago erased any real trace of these persons and stuart remained forever dissatisfied on this account in late 1920 he resigned himself to the fact that he might never know who antoinette was , and then he turned to active fieldwork on behalf of the talamasca he went out with louis daly to intervene in cases of possession , carrying out with daly a form of exorcism which daly used very effectively to drive such alien presences out of the victim - host daly was very impressed with stuart townsend he became stuart 's mentor , and stuart was throughout these years noted for his compassion , patience , and effectiveness in this field not even daly could comfort the victims afterwards the way stuart could do it after all , stuart had been there stuart knew stuart worked in this field tirelessly until 1929 , reading the file on the mayfair witches only when a busy schedule allowed then he made his plea to the council and won at that point in time , stuart was thirty - five he stood six feet tall , had ash - blond hair and dark gray eyes he was lean of build and had a light complexion he tended to dress elegantly , and was one of those americans who deeply admires english manners and ways of doing things , and aspires to imitate them he was an attractive young man but his greatest appeal to friends and acquaintances was a sort of boyish spontaneity and innocence stuart was really missing ten years of his life , and he never got them back he was capable at times of impetuousness , and of flying off the handle , of getting furious when he encountered even small obstacles to his plans but he controlled this very well when he was in the field , and when he threw a tantrum in the motherhouse he could always be brought round .
she 'd never heard a thing about it she did n't even know about the bombing , or the war .
never this dead and pretty thing in blue silk and lace , smelling of face powder , with her hands clasped over the rosary beads .
not a single thing in what i ' ve read illuminates this single image .
i do n't want to see these things now ... ' yet even as she spoke she was peering at the jars , looking at the largest of them in which the liquid was still clear enough to see the soft , vaguely round thing floating there , half shrouded in shadow .
' the cheerful fiend did n't say a damn thing about a doorway , ' he wrote .
and i am curious , but that is a very cold thing for a scientific mind such as mine .
showed him a thing or two .
it was like a song without melody ; it was like a voice made up of quiet and song , if such a thing can be imagined .
and there was quite a large and full tree set up in the living room , and very splendidly decorated with gold and silver ornaments , all of which surprised michael because he had n't known how the talamasca would celebrate such a feast , if they celebrated such things at all .
` ` there is one thing i do not understand , '' the doctor said .
i mean , she looks all right , but- '' ` ` what is this thing you have about weight ? ''
the next thing we can look forward to is chew - z flooding the market .
who needs that when they can get the genuine thing from me ? ''
` ` you do n't feel a thing .
and there 's not a thing we can do about it . ''
` ` give me some small thing to eat , for i am poor , and have no food . ''
and of course , melissa had n't said a thing after that one thank - you in the desert .
all she really had to do was distract beth for a few seconds ; as long as she was n't looking at jessica at the stroke of midnight , her little sister should n't notice a thing .
i ca n't see a damn thing , but it 's better than getting chewed to pieces . ''
dess 's numbers had found it , the thing rex had always searched for , the connection to their past that the severed lore had never offered .
it does n't happen instantly , and it does n't happen all at once - it 's a slow , festering thing that grows like a tumor , until whatever human empathy and compassion a person might have once had is consumed in the need for power .
the more i dug , the messier this thing kept getting .
practically anyone can make one if they know how to do it , and learning how to properly establish a circle is the first thing any apprentice is taught .
the only thing we 're certain we know is that we ' ve got nothing . ''
the first thing i heard was hectic - sounding , hyperactive music .
and as it did , i used the one thing that made me think it was possible - just possible - to pull this thing off .
for one thing , i like you quite a bit better than i expected to .
although that would probably be the final thing randolph and big jim needed to kick him out on his aging ass .
and of course she was worried about this new thing , which seemed to her almost too big to comprehend .
the only thing she could get clearly was jesus radio , and she turned it off again .
' this dome thing could have an upside .
this dome thing ? '
' i ' m going to tell you what my father told me , frank - there 's no such thing as an unloaded gun .
she was an earnest little thing who had a way of blinking distractedly behind the thick lenses of her glasses when she was nervous ; the kind of girl , rusty thought , who might treat herself to a mental breakdown about fifteen years after graduating summa cum laude from smith orvassar .
listening was such a simple thing , when you got right down to it , even a moron could listen , but big jim had never gotten the hang of it .
she was a little thing , but determined .
' or a harmonic sound that would cook our brains like chicken legs in a microwave , ' rusty suggested , getting into the spirit of the thing .
i thought i 'd bought and paid for it , which is n't the same thing at all .
` ` jewels handles that kind of thing . ''
a thing most returned would ignore .
maybe he 'll tell me the thing i ' ve been looking for , siri thought .
however , i believe the most beautiful thing in them has already come down to me .
` ` my contacts do not think that these things are simple ' paranoia , ' '' blushweaver said as the fruit dishes were removed .
she did n't have much , but she did have one thing that the priests wanted : her womb .
because he knows that he dies and i 'll tell you something else ; he 's got the advantage over the god - damn universe because it does n't know a thing of what 's going on .
there is n't a thing about sex that could scare me ; i ' m too old .
what a thing to learn at my age .
satisfied with a mere phantom instead of the real thing ... ... pris , i said to myself .
` ` do you believe this , this ultimate discontinuity thing ? ''
there is no such thing as pure objectivity .
` ` this thing gets more confusing the deeper we go into it , '' mckie said .
` ` he did n't feel a thing from what i did .
you know how the gowachin are about individual dignity , privacy , that sort of thing . ''
` ` trying to see the last thing impressed on her retinas or something ?
it is n't just a physical thing , either .
this is the kind of thing that could make them decide to invoke it .
tell me if i ' m supposed to push or pull on doors , that kind of thing . ''
` ` i was n't talking about the face - melty thing , harry , '' she said then .
` ` see , here 's the thing , '' i said .
you ca n't see a thing of the estate from any of the roads around it .
and i had n't been able to do a damned thing to stop him .
` ` silence , a thing you know little about , eddie of new york , '' blaine said with no pause at all , and eddie felt his heart drop a little .
` ` silence , a thing i know little about .
it was funny ; you could n't feel a thing when the mono was running flat - out , but the minute it began to decelerate , you knew .
disappointment was never a thing you looked for , but it had a wonderful way of clearing the mind .
the first wrong thing was the light .
a hidden thing .
4 ` ` there 's one thing i do n't understand about what we saw , '' susannah said hesitantly .
apart from samara ... she did n't feel a thing when she looked at him .
i did n't do a thing .
with the lights in his face he could n't see a damn thing , but he did n't let that stop him from looking like he could see each and every member of the audience .
there was also such a thing as a battle plan .
when he had put the portrait back with equal care , and listened to a long story about one of the wars in which gentius had fought - something with the prussians , where pepper guns had been invented : very unpleasant things , especially when one had not been expecting them at all - then gentius was quite ready to be sympathetic , and to shake his head censoriously over requiescat 's behavior .
` ` you may n't claim any such thing , unless you like to prove it ; i have beat dragons nearly as big as you . ''
` ` i did not know a damned thing about the business , and i am sure neither did anyone else ; anyone who knows laurence will tell you he would not have breathed a word of it to anyone , '' chenery had said defiantly , ` ` but i do say sending over the sick beast was a blackguardly thing for the admiralty to have done , and if you like to hang me for saying so , you are welcome . ''
scotland is the first damned thing of sense anyone has said .
` ` i do n't need a lecture on managing politicos who do n't know a damned thing about my business . ''
by the time i was seven they were a thing of the past .
` ` it is the best thing i have ever eaten .
there were broken lumps of other people 's stones and statues in the graveyard , but , bod knew , that would have been entirely the wrong sort of thing to bring to the gray - eyed witch in the potter 's field .
they were the closest thing to the borg we 'd found - well , except for universe yy2373 , which most of us just called the trekiverse .
i was sick for two days , could n't eat a thing . ''
but san juan capistrano is the real thing .
no autopsy would reveal a thing .
what greater thing could you achieve ?
the first thing i remember is your standing at the foot of my cradle .
but you could n't hang around humans for very long without learning a thing or two .
` ` now , do any of you young'uns have such a thing as a thruppenny bit about your persons ?
` ` there 's really no need for that sort of thing . ''
` ` you see , the thing is , '' said adam , ` ` this thing is , it 's like .. well , you know greasy johnson . ''
but the most important thing for you to understand is this : all things want to open .
turning you into a cold thing like her . ''
the manson thing ... well , we 're not sure it 's going to fly .
` ` well , the manson thing .
` ` and when her grave was dug- a small hole it was , for she was a little thing , even big with child she was a little thing- he walked below her , back and a forth , rehearsing her hearsing , thus : - good evening , my pigsnie , my love , my , but you look a treat in the moon 's light , mother of my child - to - be .
when the pictures came back , i knew i 'd ... well , as far as tits and fanny went , no - as far as the whole photographing women thing went - i 'd done it all .
if pushed , richard would be unable to tell you what kind of thing the secret was .
just that one thing .
` ` first thing i remember was the word .
so the whole thing , the whole dracula business , meant absolutely nothing to him .
i understood that this passion was the only thing that touched the core of my being .
` ` i do n't understand ... '' ` ` i get the whole god thing .
but the bar held something to interest him , the very thing he 'd come out for .
like a magician , he shows everybody what 's underneath - just this whole thing of bread in its naturally occurring state , the way bread comes before it 's made into anything you can eat like a sandwich or french toast .
you wo n't concede a thing , i know .
and as for what did i want with you , how dare you ask me such a thing .
i was in my bedroom , lying on my bed , but the last thing i remembered was trees .
looking at them wo n't change a damn thing . ''
` ` yeah , this was the only thing that really jumped out .
her hands ached from the zip ties , and she could n't see a thing through the thick black hood .
the room 's walls were stark white , and except for the chair , the only thing in the room was a steel high - top table with a round bundle on it .
i do n't want to miss a thing , regardless of the pain , in my leg or in my heart .
ice seemed to be the only thing antarctica had in abundance .
all your meddling , it has n't amounted to a damn thing .
i could n't see a bloody thing . ''
he still could n't see a thing .
there 's only one thing i do n't quite get .
and there 's no such thing as express anymore .
the thing i do n't understand is , what exactly are they protesting ?
you know , pinch me , i ' m dreaming , that kind of thing .
so here 's the thing about a box - cutter blade .
last thing we all have in common .
the only thing ben could hear was the scrape of harry 's boots on the rock behind him .
the last thing jason saw was the flash of muzzle fire .
` ` i do n't know a goddamn thing , '' matt admitted .
i ca n't hear a feckin ' thing . ''
` ` you know those things will stunt your growth . ''
to henry , the only thing certain about substance z was that it should not be dabbled with lightly .
but there 's one thing you need to learn about jack kirkland , captain .
calculate its mass , density ... that sort of thing . ''
in fact , when archaeologists first attempted to decipher the hieroglyphics of ancient egypt , the first thing they understood were the egyptians ' mathematics and celestial designations . ''
` ` the obelisk inscription appears to be mostly prayers , asking the gods for a good harvest , fertility , that sort of thing . ''
it 's time they were taught a thing or two about military protocol . ''
though usually innocuous , they had an insidious duality to their molecular structure , a jekyll - and - hyde sort of thing .
` ` we cajuns know a thing or two about cookin ' . ''
` ` but i ' m not into the whole separating thing again .
i ' m not sure of a damn thing . ''
he also had learned a thing or two about sasha 's talent .
but first , i must share one last thing .
she wo n't feel a thing .
his love for her was a tangible thing , not a thought or a feeling , but a weight in his heart , a pressure in his chest , a stirring of heat in his veins .
the pain was a small thing against the enormity of what might be lost if he failed .
duncan recognized that he could learn a thing or two from this more seasoned sigma operative .
batukhan sat in his office in the parliament building and waved his secretary out , a young thing in a tight dress and jacket .
but she had n't had a sip in two days , and the warm loamy water in the suit 's reservoir bag was the best thing she had ever tasted .
` ` not a goddamn thing , because we stopped looking .
all this shit 's going on , and we do n't hear a damn thing from them . ''
the old - school guys do n't know a goddamn thing about any of this .
i ' ve dug through raw stuff , looking for anything hidden inside , but for the life of me , i ca n't find a thing .
` ` protogen being the whole thing ?
amos cooked tomato paste and the last of their fresh mushrooms into a red sauce that actually smelled like the real thing .
` ` one thing it takes is the coordinates , '' miller said .
` ` here 's the thing , '' amos went on .
for that matter , it was the thing holden would never understand .
it was n't the sort of thing to ask .
it was the smallest thing , and the least expected .
` ` did they find anything more about the tube thing ? ''
` ` law is a many - splendored thing , bull , '' fred said .
plus , einstein had a thing or two to say about trying to move mass at relativistic speeds .
` ` i guess the opa is a real thing now . ''
even though the only thing she and tilly had in common was their carbon base , it was n't like anna had a lot of friends on the ship either .
the closest thing to good news was that everyone had seen it and there would n't be any accusations of enemy action .
because the one thing i do n't need right now is another self - righteous male telling me how high the stakes are and that i 'd better not f**k things up .
it had occurred to anna then that there really was n't any such thing as a ` ` mixed '' church group .
or maybe the ships moving was just miller playing with his simulation , and humanity had n't learned a thing .
she felt that politics was the second most evil thing humanity had ever invented , just after lutefisk .
only thing you were getting from him was a way to make sure everyone else pays you on time .
` ` the belters sent condolences and offers of aid , as if there was a damn thing they could do . ''
the fact that those echoes existed only inside holden 's mind made the whole thing even creepier .
they hired you because you wo n't hide anything , but that 's the same thing that makes you easy to blame for the inevitable failure of these talks . ''
` ` first thing is just what you said .
` ` you know that her husband - '' ` ` i do n't know a damned thing , elvi .
` ` i have another thing i want you to show me . ''
a subconscious thing ?
` ` the mind is a weird thing , '' the nurse said , moving around the end of the bed and walking over to the window .
he kept looking over his shoulder , listening for approaching footsteps , but he could n't hear a thing over the noise of the rising elevator car .
all power diverted and channeled so it could heighten the only thing that could keep him alive - sensory perception .
it was a betrayal to leave , but he could n't bear to stand there and watch , and there was n't a damn thing he could do to stop it - five hundred people versus one .
ethan stumbled out into what he figured for a field or meadow - not that he could see a damn thing , but the rain now hammered him with greater intensity , as if he were no longer protected under the forest 's umbrella .
could n't see a thing .
names no longer mean a thing . ''
not knowing a goddamn thing .
ethan could n't feel a thing , but in the reflection of the mirror , he watched the doctor lift the scalpel .
' the most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious . '
her shoulder bled profusely but she could n't feel a thing , her body gone numb , mechanical , as the fight - or - flight response kicked in .
the steps leading up to the second floor , to the bedroom , to the closet where his girls were in hiding would be the first thing those monsters saw .
he could n't see a thing , but he heard those creatures slamming through tables and chairs as they came for him .
i do n't blame you for a thing .
the only thing stopping him really was the sense that this man 's death belonged mostly to the people of wayward pines .
this way , you wo n't feel a thing .
it 's a precious thing , ethan , and you 'd better care for it .
` ` so you got the ... '' he paused , glancing at bubda , ` ` the , um , thing we wanted to get with the wyrmroost key ? ''
i know a thing or two about that . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , kendra , i ca n't see a thing in here . ''
tanu said that the magic animating mendigo had most likely been in the wood , but that he was no expert on such things , and keeping the hooks could n't hurt .
first thing an able mind learns at lost mesa is that looks can deceive . ''
ca n't hear a thing , ca n't see a thing , ca n't smell a thing .
not a thing , coulter murmured , narrow eyes thoughtful .
i doubt he felt a thing .
` ` many people consider that sort of thing enjoyable . ''
this was the sort of knowledge that shallan needed , the kind of thing she craved .
on an individual basis , in most interactions , this thing we call power - authority - exists only as it is perceived .
in that case , my authority is not a real thing .
the way he 'd treated her was probably a thing of thaylen merchants .
this thing is obvious , yes ? ''
shallan could imagine herself as grand , could act like a queen , but that did n't change a thing out here in the wilderness .
` ` it is a thing of the tuanalikina , the fourth son or below .
` ` it was a thing of the gods . ''
` ` rewards are the farthest thing from my mind . ''
` ` i ca n't hear a thing . ''
authority is not a real thing .
tell me , what is the most beautiful thing you can imagine ? ''
that is the most beautiful thing . ''
` ` do n't mention that parshman thing to anyone else , though .
if there is one thing i can not stomach , it is boredom .
` ` here 's the thing , '' lhan said .
but what was the ` ` wicked thing of eminence '' that led to the recreance ?
this is a thing lost to most people - it is the only genuine beauty in the world .
this seemed a thing a man could easily grow accustomed to having .
twice she 'd gotten the drop on us , and j.c . had n't been able to do a thing .
you could all stand to learn a thing or two from her . ''
i - i ' ve been jamming the radar signals , making sure surveillance satellites are faced the other way when you pass , that sort of thing .
` ` the last thing i remember is trying to get under the bed . ''
scarlet decided without much guilt that if that happened , she would n't do a thing about it .
she had n't survived this long without knowing a thing or two about the sorts of things that made a girl finally take her chances between running and death .
the anthropologist had once been an architect ; indeed , she had years ago survived a fire in a building she had designed , the only really personal thing i had found out about her .
she had written things on them , personal things that spoke to remembrance , until i realized that the maps must show places she had visited or lived .
that 's one thing you 'll learn . ''
there was no time when i would have found this thing a wonderful mystery .
the forest was one thing that could genuinely be thought of as his , the one area where he did not mimic me , where i followed his lead .
today , i do n't need to do a thing . '
{ the only thing that comforted me : she never married .
someday i 'd really like to hear the whole thing - you know , how you met aldur , what the world was like before torak cracked it , how you and cherek bear - shoulders stole the orb back - all of it . '
suddenly , all the things i had ignored or shrugged off or been too incurious even to worry about fell into place .
perhaps we can discuss it as we go along , and you can explain this complicated thing to me . '
' what is this thing about owls ? '
' i like owls , ' she explained as if it were the simplest thing in the world .
the only thing you left out was the fact that none of it 's been my idea .
i did n't hear or feel a thing , but the sounds those thousands of birds were making suddenly became angry , threatening , and they descended on me like a cloud , stabbing at me with their beaks and flogging me with their wings .
' there 's no such thing as peaceful contacts between alorns and angaraks , polgara . '
pol can turn the slightest thing into an ultimatum .
he said that the rivan king was the only thing standing between torak and something he wanted , and that he 'd give anything to the person who removed him .
' my friend was in a hurry , so he did n't have time to introduce himself to the lady in question , but when he found that i was coming here , he begged me to find out what i could about her - where she lives , what her name is , whether or not she 's married - that sort of thing . '
she 'd been very subtle about it , since i had n't heard a thing , and if i had n't heard it , i was sure that the murgo - or grolim , or whatever he was - had n't heard her either .
i did n't see a thing , naturally , but the duke did .
' you know it 's a violation of my religion to listen to that sort of thing . '
' he ca n't hear a thing .
the meat of the thing lay in the specific articles , and we did n't let the creative mimbrate scribes who prepared our summary anywhere near those .
the thing that baffled me was the fact that there was a chapter of the cult anywhere at all in sendaria .
i 'd just wasted better than half a year persuading ladies all over the western kingdoms to duplicate pol 's distinctive trade - mark , and it had n't accomplished a thing .
' it wo n't mean a thing to him , father . '
evidently , polgara 's studies had taken her into an examination of witchcraft , an area i 'd neglected , and there were things passing back and forth between pol and the witch of the fens that were incomprehensible to me .
what a glorious thing it is to be universally adored !
he taught me how to read and write in a surprisingly short period of time - perhaps because the first thing he wrote down for me was my own name .
' we have n't lost a thing .
' not a single thing , lady polgara .
i 'll be able to stop things at vo mimbre , and they wo n't be able to do a thing about it . '
' i 'd imagine that there 's quite a difference in your ages , for one thing .
a tolnedran will go to absurd lengths to maintain his staunch belief that there 's no such thing as magic .
a good war 's the closest thing a soldier has to a social life . '
' brotherhood 's a very nice thing , pol , ' he said , ' but if somebody who happens to be green is out to kill you , color blindness is n't really a very useful trait .
the imagination shuddered back from the realization of the enormity of the thing .
cyrgon himself could be in the next room and he would n't hear a thing . '
sparhawk , of course , did not feel a thing .
' i did n't feel a thing , my lord , ' endrik replied , staring curiously at sparhawk .
nobody heard or felt a thing while you were being healed . '
' it 's the principle of the thing , ' talen replied loftily .
' then cyrgon wo n't feel a thing .
they seem to have realized the same thing that bevier did .
' there 's no such thing as an honest policeman , stragen , ' caalador said with a cynical laugh .
' i ca n't hear or feel a thing . '
' these are most likely followers of incetes rather than drychtnath , but it all amounts to the same thing . '
i have all these lovely muscles to back me up , so there 's really not a blasted thing you can do about it , is there ? '
' i could n't hear a thing . '
' there 's no such thing as a soundproof wall , mirtai .
' as long as we keep moving , the delphae do n't have to do a thing except herd us in the right direction .
i think xanetia 's telling the truth , and if she is , she 's the most precious thing they possess . '
that 's a fairly contemptible sort of thing , so not many arjunis take much pride in it . '
that 's the thing that nobody knew about - except possibly aphrael .
' justice is a funny thing , ' he observed .
' i suppose so , ' he admitted , ' but it 's the sort of thing that does n't come up every day , so i have n't had much practice . '
the thing that makes me curious is why you all feel that it 's necessary to stick your sword all the way through somebody .
' they wo n't see a thing , father , ' she assured him .
' we can understand that sort of thing , your excellency , ' emban assured him .
' there is such a thing as genuine political progress .
neutrality 's out of the question now , since the elene peasants would come to view neutrality as very nearly the same thing as actually joining with our unknown opponent .
back before there was even such a thing as history , the atans observed that big people win more fights than little people .
after you ' ve applied it to god - or your gods - it starts to spill over , and people begin to question other things as well - the rightness of government , imperial wisdom , the justice of the tax system , that sort of thing .
' there 's no such thing as magic , madame . '
' the only thing that makes me pay any attention to him at all is that timetable of his , ' sparhawk said .
' i can usually detect them , but in his case , i did n't sense a thing . '
' i thought the only thing you really liked was money . '
inquire about local customs , that sort of thing , and ask him about any incidental wars going on . '
' there 's no such thing as useless information , kheldar , ' beldin sniffed .
the thing was as implacable and as unchangeable as adamantine rock .
' it 's not the sort of thing i 'd be likely to forget . '
the rivans , kingless for so many centuries , were nervous about that sort of thing .
` ` the only thing that means anything to zandramas right now is the sardion , is n't it ? ''
` ` you did n't miss a thing , your highness , '' she burped , politely covering her mouth .
uncle , are there any other interesting things about this place ? ''
he 'll tell me the whole thing once he gets it put together . ''
` ` actually , your majesty , kheldar 's venture did n't cost your treasury a thing .
sorcery 's an overrated thing , zakath .
the only thing that 's left to find out is where . ''
` ` enchantments might be closer , but it amounts to the same thing .
it was a peculiar thing to come to grips with here on the opposite end of the world .
` ` then you do not accept one single out - of - the - ordinary thing ? ''
` ` revenge is a hollow thing , zakath . ''
` ` we have much more deadly enemies , zakath , '' garion said gravely , ` ` and all of your armies -and all of mine- wo n't mean a thing when we get to where we 're going . ''
` ` could n't you tell the difference between a projection and the real thing ? ''
i do n't know the first thing about getting a boat to move through the water without tipping over . ''
` ` a great many things are starting to fall into place . ''
` ` it was n't the sort of thing i 'd be likely to forget . ''
` ` all right , just what is this thing you want from us , sadi ? ''
the gist of the whole thing is that these diplomats were to make arrangements to get the foreigner to the port of halberg on the west coast of cherek and to have a nyissan ship standing off the rivan coast on a certain date about the middle of last summer . ''
they did n't care a thing about her or about that dungheap people call mishrak ac thull .
` ` there is one last thing your majesty should know before we board , '' harakan declared in a voice clearly intended to be heard by everyone on the quay .
will you now fall back on so commonplace a thing as simple deceit ?
the only thing that seems to interest them is some obscure thing they call the task .
` ` it amounts to the same thing , liselle . ''
it 's not a very practical thing to know , however . ''
` ` no , '' he said immediately , ` ` not a thing . ''
` ` then tomorrow i suppose i ought to go on down into the vale -have a talk with beldin and the twins , look in on my tower- that sort of thing . ''
` ` it amounts to the same thing . ''
the thing that he really felt was unfair was ce'nedra 's sense of timing .
the mrin codex , however , and to a lesser degree the darine , remained the core of the whole thing .
' your father 's ghost also told me that the only thing that could save your life was the bhelliom . '
' about the only thing i can see wrong with it is the business of substituting names , ' vanion said .
' we wo n't be able to do a thing until we can take command of the church soldiers , though , ' vanion said .
' information 's the most valuable thing in the world , sir tynian , ' talen replied loftily , ' and i ' m not doing anything immoral or illegal .
' there 's no such thing as a good injury , vanion , ' komier said .
kurik might be right about the danger involved in knocking down the walls , but he did n't say a thing about the ceiling . '
there were things which ehlana did not grasp and others she misunderstood , but she was able to accept most of what had taken place .
a thousand things suddenly clicked into place in sparhawk 's mind , things that had never really been explained before .
` ` is that the very first thing they teach you pandions ? ''
this is lamorkand , and there 's no such thing as a truce here . ''
` ` first thing in the morning , '' the alcione knight replied .
` ` a diagram drawn on dry ground is all right , but there are puddles here , and the ghosts might not see the whole thing . ''
' it 's not the sort of thing you 'd understand , harparin , ' sparhawk told him .
' i think you owe my family a debt , platime ' ' i do n't have any dealings with nobles , ' platime replied , ' except to cut a few of their throats from time to time - so it 's unlikely that i owe your family a thing . '
did he raise that thing again ? '
anyway , just after you left , we had an outbreak of that sort of thing .
he smiled almost shyly ' i have discovered a truly remarkable thing , ' he told them confidentially ' when i am alone , i can lift the holy relic to my ear and hear the voice of god .
what i did was so obvious that he should have seen through it almost immediately , but he did n't do a thing .
' pride is a hollow thing , sparhawk .
` ` it 's not really the same thing , sorgan , '' veltan agreed .
` ` that 's a very useful thing to know , sub - commander , '' keselo replied with mock enthusiasm .
` ` there is one thing that i do n't quite understand , '' enalla admitted .
` ` that 's one thing i ' ve never understood .
the thing that disturbed ekial the most , however , was what longbow called ` ` the sea of gold . ''
` ` i ' m sure he 'll be able to tell us all kinds of things about that crystal gorge place . ''
we can build forts from one end of long - pass to the other , but they wo n't be worth a thing if the bug - people send clouds of greasy smoke rolling down the pass . ''
actually , about the only thing i know about my cousin is his name - and that 's probably only because there 's a waterfall up in the mountains that 's named after him .
' our elders do n't know a thing about food . '
' the most important thing you should know about the creatures of the wasteland is that they have no sense of fear , ' longbow replied .
' i ' m a hunter , skell , and the first thing a hunter learns is to think the way whatever he 's hunting thinks .
' that 's the strangest thing i ' ve ever come across , ' he declared .
burning all their ships did n't mean a thing to the invaders .
i listened to the whole thing the first few times , but after that , i just walked away and left the native talking to himself . '
' it 's not really a single thing , torl .
' veltan gave commander narasan ten blocks of pure gold in the harbor of castano , and he was treating those gold blocks as if they did n't mean a thing . '
the thing that troubles me the most here lies in the vlagh 's experimentation with spiders .
' when aracia came to the isle of akalla , she did n't say a thing about this , ' trenicia said , feeling a bit offended .
` ` that 's a useful thing to know , '' longbow said , his voice coming to life now .
` ` they call themselves real maag sea captains , but their boats are really nothing more than old fishing sloops , and the men who make up the crew do n't know the first thing about fighting .
` ` nothing all that serious , actually , but they 're still circulating that thing . ''
` ` that 's one thing we can agree on , '' the first replied , working loose the stopper of the leather bag .
` ` it 's the shape that 's the key to the whole thing , '' belgarath concluded .
a title 's an empty thing , really , but it implies a responsibility which has been denied to us .
` ` i did n't hear a thing , '' belgarath marveled , wiping at his streaming face .
` ` that 's the only thing that mars the whole affair . ''
` ` oh , garion , '' she murmured , ` ` it 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
it 's the destiny of your family , so there 's not a thing you can do about it .
` ` maybe we ought to go with him - show him the way , that sort of thing .
` ` tolnedrans do n't really believe in that sort of thing . ''
` ` she does n't know the first thing about alorns . ''
the only thing that even slightly humanized him was his overwhelming concern for horses .
` ` it used to just talk to me - tell me when i was being childish or stupid - that sort of thing .
this was the kind of thing ce'nedra completely understood .
it 's the very first thing we learn . ''
if you could see your way clear to speak to the alorns , i might be able to make a few concessions regarding the murgos - restrictions on their numbers , closed areas , that sort of thing . ''
there 's such a thing as being too imperial . ''
after you 'd destroyed the whole thing , i did n't really need him anymore , and there were some things i did n't want him mentioning in certain quarters . ''
` ` what sort of thing do we need to write on ? ''
` ` we sit around and watch islena do tricks - disappearing coins , things up her sleeves , that kind of thing , '' she said .
` ` was this thing so important ? ''
` ` they make a fine show and impress and frighten simple people , but spells and incantations have nothing to do with the real thing , it 's all in the will .
it 's not the sort of thing we actually call ourselves .
but aside from that , the most important thing we ' ve learned is that there is indeed a society related to sekhmet .
that was the only thing that continued to niggle at me .
there 's this thing called string theory , which says that space and place are always constant , always the same .
i could hardly fathom such a thing .
that was the one thing that niggled at me , the one thing i could n't accept .
` ` the only thing she wants is sperm , '' i said , giggling .
i was a little disturbed at how easily the air - head thing was coming to me .
he did n't hear a thing .
` ` drink the whole thing . ''
i asked , curious now about the whole personal identification thing .
i ' ve got no problem showing a girl a thing or two on the mat . ''
` ` good luck with that whole picking and choosing thing . ''
i could n't think of a single thing , other than former canner activity , that would keep him so shuttered off from us .
the whole book is full of this kind of thing .
i had just found out that bodo has this amazing thing about him , this huge thing in his life , and he 'd kept it blocked off from me .
the only thing i thought i wanted an apology for was something totally ridiculous i had no right to be thinking about - like an apology for being so attractive to bodo - so i waited to hear her tell me what she was all about .
` ` except for the whole snake in the pants thing .
` ` only thing they have n't taken from me yet is my kicking leg .
the only thing it was missing was walls , which probably did n't matter much because it was so damn hot and humid in here , they would have just blocked the breeze anyway .
dare 's just one thing missing . ''
` ` we keep meaning to upgrade , '' she replied with a wink , a simple thing that for some reason made gunner not like her .
` ` have you not learned a thing since we started all this ? ''
` ` still , we know now that history is a special thing .
the red emergency lights from the hallway did n't do a thing to cut the darkness in the kitchen .
` ` my dad 's taught me a thing or two about the old days of programming .
` ` the wheelhouse does n't even have windows , you ca n't see a thing . ''
his opinion of singers was well known ; music was a lovely thing for girls , but he could not comprehend why any healthy boy would fill his hand with a harp when he might have had a sword .
` ` a dead enemy is a thing of beauty , '' he announced .
she is a fierce little thing , my lord .
is n't it a lovely thing ?
once we reached the vale , lady stark had no more need of you ... but i did , and the one thing the lannisters have never lacked for is gold .
` ` she is a sweet thing now , but in ten years , who can say what treasons she may hatch ? ''
' true enough , '' ser brynden said , ` ` yet there is one thing ser jaime lacks . ''
` ` power is a curious thing , my lord .
damned things make a lot of noise , but they never say a thing worth hearing . ''
jaime 's famous armor was but gilded steel , but littlefinger , ah ... tyrion had learned a few things about sweet petyr , to his growing disquiet .
` ` if you had troubled to learn the first thing of sigrin , i could never have fooled you .
the tastiest thing theon found to eat was an onion pie .
sansa was a pretty little thing too , and by now likely even ripe for bedding .
killing is the sweetest thing there is . ''
why , she 's just the littlest bit of a thing .
` ` jeyne , '' she called after , ` ` there 's one more thing robb needs from you , though he may not know it yet himself .
irri never said a thing , only curled back up and went back to sleep the instant the thing was done .
that was the thing that frightened dany the most .
they dressed in linen skirts , and the fiercest thing about them was their hair .
my uncle is an ugly little thing , but you 'll still have me . ''
the best way to learn a thing was to do it , he had found ; sails or scrolls , it made no matter .
the well was the thing he liked the least , though .
he might have learned a thing or two if he 'd read it . ''
compared to tyrosh or myr or great norvos , the shadow city was no more than a town , yet it was the nearest thing to a true city that these dornish had .
if this bastard boy is truly his father 's son , he will not suspect a thing .
it was a useful thing to know , though .
she was his king 's mistress , not his wife , and his head was the only thing he did not lose .
even so ... a human bite is a filthy thing .
he taught me much and more , and the last thing i learned from him was the taste of human flesh .
` ` the only thing waving here is your tongue , massey . ''
he has only taken toes and fingers and that other thing , when he might have had my tongue , or peeled the skin off my legs from heel to thigh .
the only thing that looked alive in the pale ruin that was his face was his one red eye , burning like the last coal in a dead fire , surrounded by twisted roots and tatters of leathery white skin hanging off a yellowed skull .
you were her father 's ward , the nearest thing she has to living kin .
' a bloody sword is a beautiful thing , ' he told me once . ''
a bloody sword is a beautiful thing , yes .
a brief thing . ''
we make our demands , and we offer the one thing they want more than anything else - an antidote to the disease that has crippled them .
i 'd once managed to steal a fresh peach , and it was the best thing i 'd ever eaten in my life .
swallowing turns out to be more difficult than i thought , but i finally manage a gulp , and whatever the cold thing is slides right down my throat and into my stomach , chilling me to my core .
` ` from here on out , our pilot does n't need to do a thing .
we touch down so smoothly that i do n't feel a thing .
the first thing i feel is a subtle tickle in my ears , and the first thing i see are the small , glowing numbers hovering over the heads of each of the antarcticans .
the first thing i feel is a subtle tickle in my ears , and the first thing i see are the small , glowing numbers hovering over the heads of each of the antarcticans .
the first thing that pops up is an image that i instantly recognize as the full flag that the patriots both use and base their symbol on .
below that , i draw the one thing i know everyone will recognize as coming from me - a red streak painted onto an outline of a face .
the first thing i notice inside the chute is the cold air .
she says it like it 's the most natural thing in the world .
the only thing i can see is day and tess together .
` ` june - ah - ms . iparis wo n't learn a thing if you keep praising her for breaking the rules . ''
but the biggest thing that does n't compute for me is this : day has never killed anyone before .
that 's the beautiful thing . ''
` ` that 's another thing that does n't make sense , '' i tell her .
razor 's target was the smallest thing that is the sum of all things , his bullet the sword that severs the chain that bound me .
` ` never think another thing about it , '' he said .
of course , when they were children , neither had known a thing about fornication , animal or otherwise .
no one thinks a thing about it . ''
or would it only anger his majesty , which amounts to the same thing ?
` ` a pleasant little thing , is it not ?
what new thing has he learned ?
` ` it means a thing like choosing to do it forever and forever . ''
` ` that 's interesting , '' regine says , reaching above her to the counter , ` ` because i did n't feel a thing . ''
i do n't know what fresh air smells like either except what they ' ve got on the immersive vids , and that 's not the real thing .
i do n't know what this means but i do n't stop to think about it cuz i realize instead that both aaron and i have forgotten one important thing .
a powerful thing , like i 'd have to agree to be a part of it rather than it being a part of me .
she looks at me and rubs her arms a little bit and it 's only then that i really realize i ' m soaking wet and cold and achy all over and that a fire is just about the closest thing to a blessing i can think of .
and i do n't hear a goddam thing .
his noise goes as grey and featureless as a cloudy day and i ca n't read a thing off him .
` ` every time you think something or feel something or have some stupid thought , i do n't hear it , so how am i sposed to know any effing thing about you , huh ?
the first thing i see is where the valley road winds down thru orchards , orderly rows of well - tended trees with paths and irrigashun systems , all carrying on down a hill towards buildings and a creek at the bottom , flat and easy and snaking its way back to meet the bigger river no doubt .
` ` we 're going to be teaching you lot a thing or two when my ship arrives , '' she says .
` ` now , todd , '' he says , standing over me , ` ` let me show you a thing or two about wielding . ''
but guessing a thing ai n't knowing a thing .
` ` that 's the first thing .
here 's the thing that 's been growing in my head since i left the swamp , seen in flashes of men along the way , most clearly in matthew lyle 's but also in the reakshuns of everyone who even hears the word prentisstown .
` ` you know that thing with voices that you do ? ''
` ` i been here for almost thirteen years , '' i say , ` ` and the only thing i ever heard was men . ''
i put up the pictures he wants to see , making my imaginings seem like the real thing , cuz that 's what noise is , it 's everything you think , not just the truth , and if you think hard enough that you did something , well , then , maybe you actually did .
but then when i was summoned here , she said to tell him no such thing , to ask only about the funeral .
` ` why do you want to know a thing like that ? ''
` ` i think i ' ve learnt a thing or two by now . ''
the only thing i can hear , in fact , is my own breathing , wet and heavy and like i 'll never feel lightness again .
the only thing she needs from me is assurance that i ' m there , proof i have n't left the herd , and as long as that 's true , she 's happy and she calls me todd and i do n't have to explain myself to her and i do n't have to ask her nothing and she do n't need nothing from me .
and i hit him with everything i got- every bit of her behind me- every piece of anger and frustrayshun and nothingness- every moment i did n't see her- every moment i worried- everything- every little tiny thing i know about her- i send it right into the centre of him- and he falls- back and back and back- his eyes rolling up- his head twisting round- his legs buckling- falling falling falling- right to the ground- and lying there still .
` ` finally , we come to the real thing , the thing that makes men men , the thing we were born for , todd . ''
` ` finally , we come to the real thing , the thing that makes men men , the thing we were born for , todd . ''
because that 's the thing , the thing that overrides everything .
because that 's the thing , the thing that overrides everything .
which is also the language of the clearing , of the men we fight , and though we welcome you as a brother returned to the land , the first thing you must learn - even as i tell it to you in language you will understand - is that there is no i and there is no you .
the first thing i see is a row of broken - down houses , some of 'em nothing more than piles of wood and sand , with a few concrete ones like the chapel lasting a bit better .
but there 's no such thing as perfect insulation , and eventually the heat left to the great outdoors while i got colder and colder .
well , if i could have anything , it would be for the green - skinned yet beautiful queen of mars to rescue me so she can learn more about this earth thing called ` ` lovemaking '' .
maybe i should explain about the whole ` ` turtlebear '' thing .
i think i 'd been hearing it for a while , since before waking , even , but it was the sort of thing you could drown out , like cicadas in summer .
sorry belsnickel replied but its the sort of things people desire to see in a biography santa claus frowned , cleared his throat , ignored belsnickels justification and picked up his earlier thread i enjoyed the local customs and traditions and soon shred my bishops robes and green coat in favor of trousers , red coat , black leather belts and boots .
what i understand is that this stroppiness is just the very thing i was trying to lead up to anyway , jaz ; something that s been puzzling me for quite a while now .
the only thing she could see , besides herself in the water , was the mist gathering around her .
well now , you do nt miss a thing .
his freedom was the one thing that he desired most and the one thing that the sorceress would never give him .
the whole shelf of multicolored vials was nt the only thing that gave that away .
velondra did nt know what to think about the whole goddess thing , but she could feel a difference in her soul .
i m sure you did nt mean to lose it , and , remember , its only a thing .
when you put the whole thing together it says : our love will only be c.omplete when our two hearts and bodies meet and on the back , until then i wait with baited breath .
second , said her grandmother , there is no such thing as love at first sight .
this presentation she entitled : the shroud of turin : how we can know its the real thing .
what i have to offer is the most important thing .
i think pretty well , but the whole noras a blood sucker thing makes him uneasy .
after three years of working at the carnival , that s the only personal thing i know about her .
it irks me that , despite everything , i do trust max about one thing .
but there is one thing i still do nt understand .
i ca nt see a damn thing .
my father thought death was a beautiful thing , but i never saw it that way .
she was a tiny little thing , maybe five feet tall if that , with beautiful long brown hair that hung down below her waist and she had these big green doe eyes .
i can barely see a thing .
so many things just seemed out of place about devin .
you would nt remember a thing , either .
hunting is nt the most difficult thing to learn .
and there is not a thing you may do to stop me .
just sweating , she s tough for a little thing .
not a thing , muttering weakly , instead of wording truthfully .
i m keeping my secrets until i figure out this alien - timeline thing .
i do nt know about this blood transfusion thing since i m usually a very generous personnot today and .
unlimited knowledge is a wonderful thing to possess , children .
she s a pretty little thing with her big violet - colored doe eyes , pale skin , and red lips .
its the whole innocent thing that attracts the good souls to our sideseduced , sealed , and savored.their motto .
i have decided to fix gingers eyesight for her and bestest news is that she wo nt feel a thing since wo nt know who , how , or what was done to her biological body part .
what s this re - assigned thing ?
being a new angel , i might could maybe possibility help her ( that s part of my real angel thing ) as i giggle in piccolo with silliness .
ca nt hear a blasted thing with this on .
she was a cute little thing with long red hair and freckles .
i mean the static thing , '' i clarified when they both looked confused , and their expressions cleared .
` ` do n't worry , m. tomorrow we 'll explain about your static thing .
` ` maybe that static thing ? ''
at least , not about this mutual enhancement thing .
this whole not - touching thing was starting to bother me a lot more than i wanted to admit .
` ` not unless you count the static electricity thing . ''
it has to just be some huge misunderstanding , like the shock thing .
i d always taken my place in heaven for granted , and i realised there were so many things i d been taking for granted : the other angels around me , my friends , my family , my place in the scheme of things .
before i get a change to tell him that hope is the very thing that helps you survive out here , rick falls into step with olivia and i hear him whisper comforting things to her .
i pack them into my bag , not only eager for some decent reading material for myself and olivia , but maybe i could learn a thing or two that could help me .
the next thing i remember was charles nudging me on the shoulder and urging me to follow him .
elle , there s no such thing as limitless currency .
blue does this kind of thing all the time .
though , there s one thing that i do nt understand yet .
cleaning up wo nt teach you a thing you ll need to know when you re up against the predator .
you give up all your time , your money and your energy to watch over us and train me , but you withhold the one thing that s so easy to give .
colton himself was no expert , but marius had been teaching him a thing or two about close - quarters combat in the quiet year since the destruction of the medical facility .
a sudden drop of twenty - five stories was the only thing between the steel and the concrete parking lot far below .
not a thing , madame .
he had been able to absorb the flames and not feel a thing .
the last thing she saw was the ground as it rushed up and slammed into the open tail of the helicopter .
in the end they all came to the same conclusionthe only thing that was missing from the statue was the candle in the candlestick that the boy was carrying .
so , what is that other thing with it ?
i blushed , not because the kiss was long enough for it to mean a thing to me but because everyone saw this .
in fact , i d not read a single thing from him or hayes under since day one .
father never said a thing .
the important thing to realize is that its not necessarily the case that all pigeons are your enemies .
i ca nt hear a thing , he said .
in case someone present , breslin began , happens to know a thing or two about these water sprites , perchance that person , or persons , will care to enlighten those that do nt ?
i ca nt feel a thing .
not until i get whatever this thing is .
it was an unremarkable thing .
needless to say , kisses were nt the only thing that stopped getting blown after that night .
relief washed over her when she realized nobody seemed to suspect a thing .
your friends wo nt feel a thing either , he said with a laugh that told her he was lying about that part .
she does nt know a thing about her powers or how to wield them .
but this time , your highness , you need to listen to one of your humble servants who knows a thing or two more than you do about anatomy .
in a weird way , it felt like her vulnerability was the last private thing she had .
nobodyll suspect a thing .
we drove the extra fifteen minutes , and when we walked onto the beach the first thing we saw were tristan and bethany making out in the dunes .
` ` of course , i just want to give you one thing . ''
someone has certainly learned a thing or two in the past few weeks . ''
` ` can you ever skip out on the whole immortality thing ? ''
he told me to keep the healing thing to myself , you know ?
remember , there is no such thing as a dumb question , only those not asked remain unknown and a mystery to all .
i was just about to type in the 7 when i heard the last thing in the world i wanted to hear , a russian .
dad says they played pretty good d. hey now , i know a thing or two about football , gerald protested .
he 's the closest thing to family that i have now .
she functions as a replacement mother for those of us who no longer have our own : worrying , fretting , feeding , and offering unwanted advice just like the real thing .
it was the last thing i had of hers really , other than the rosary .
` ` that 's possibly the best thing i ' ve ever tasted . ''
the only thing patrick was interested in seeing were swordsany kind would do , he was nt picky .
` ` like you 're the only thing in the world that makes sense to him . ''
dham 's bells were n't doing a thing .
the only thing connecting her to her life with her mum was a fake excalibur !
but were still missing the most important thing here ; which is , what happened to argothoth , right ?
you really are a nave little thing , are nt you ?
well , for one thing how do i know you can really save everyone ?
this terrible thing that lover boy keeps on frightening you with ?
the last thing i remember is detention with mr . grant and then , poof , i woke up here .
being new to this whole vision thing , i had no idea what the odds would be , but i had a feeling they were pretty slim .
the only thing that seemed to intrigue us was the outline of a handprint on the forest grounds .
the gods wo nt know a thing .
that s right , we both know the real reason you re mad is because you do nt like the fact that others are risking their lives on our account and there s not a damn thing you can do about it .
there may be hope for you yet the only thing you need is a hole in your heart , so behold the beginning of the darkness that will grow inside you !
right then and there , i do n't like her , and i do n't think she likes me eithereven though i did n't do a thing to earn her disapproval .
it 's not a thing , dear .
the thing that really surprises him is the fact that she spoke to him .
there 's no such thing as free will .
maybe i was being paranoid , but i was nt going to let that stop me from getting to the bottom of things ; if there was even a thing to get to the bottom of .
the closest thing i had seen to them was the necklace al had given me for my birthday .
shotgun hooked a thumb at jack , i m better inspector , but the boss ca nt hear a thing .
the next thing he remembers is seeing the medic .
eli would like nothing more than to take wes by the collar and show him a thing or two about being a real sentry .
of course it was an extraordinary thing and a fantastical thing to comprehend .
of course it was an extraordinary thing and a fantastical thing to comprehend .
gwen had no idea that the everspell was in her and trying to keep such an important thing from her was hard .
she is just a little thing , wes suddenly said from behind them .
memories can be a very powerful thing , even when you re not aware of them .
the next thing i felt was the bitterness of a cold wind .
it was the softest thing i had ever felt .
he stood in one fluid motion and i did nt feel a thing .
it was a little thing , but she was always so happy when we were around the table together .
if we crash i m sure you wo nt feel a thing , unless your seat gets ripped out of the plane or something .
angus could nt see a thing until they wound along a treacherous ocean cliff gleaming black with rain .
there are many things for you to learn , madric said , stepping toward me into the place barthow had just left .
knowledge is not always a pleasant thing , sweetheart , especially when acquired at the wrong time .
there is one thing greater than love , and that s sacrifice , john explains .
tanya : is this a tit for tat kind of a thing ?
it sure has to do something with what tanya wrote about curling of fingers thing .
the only thing that you have given me , tanya is that emptiness in me which will remain even after you leave .
the thing i told you last night about that prank gone wrong and the wave thing , please keep it to yourself .
you also realized the thing i had just a couple of seconds ago !
the only thing i could nt understand was what the hell was happening .
the thing that disappointed me was his reaction .
a couple of days that went without seeing her meant i would get all frustrated and annoyed at every little thing !
she did nt say a thing but just kept looking at me with tears flowing down .
that s not the right place for this discussion plus your parents are here and as far as i could understand things , i guess no member of your family likes me anymore which is the reason that i have nt visited you after that only time .
i hear one of the other guys say something about candy 's rear end but surprisingly i ca n't hear a thing that zack is thinking .
i can even hear his inner voice now and it 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve heard in a while .
` ` i believe you now but i have to say that i ' m struggling a bit with the whole super power thing .
her father was closed to revealing a thing .
shell think she s giving you the real thing , but then they switch to some classical music about ten minutes through .
she was the cutest little thing .
i blinked but could nt see a thing in the darkness .
they re totally meatspace , very analog , but i guess zan gave up the imp thing .
he had been thinking of me those last moments , but i had nt felt a thing from my mother .
surely he will allow me this small thing .
because the minute you brought this whole ' vision thing ' here to me , got me involved in it .
and you never spend any time with make - up , sewing or that type of thing . ''
the only thing separating him from the sunraiders now was roughly fifty or so yards of open ground .
as near as we can figure , the only thing keeping hal and ceorn moving at all was their own man - fool stubbornness .
even now , the adults think we do nt know a thing , he said evenly .
the only friend who knew a thing or two was sasuke , and that was only because he happened to be there once when my father was acting up .
all feelings had gone , and the only thing left in me was ... nothingness .
nobody will hear a thing .
with the first class plane seats , i d already known a thing or two ; this just confirmed he really was well - to - do .
he said it with a chuckle , implying it was the most ridiculous thing , such that jake wondered if he were about to add complete nonsense , of course !
i knew that i 'd just pulled a whole host of muscles up and down my arm and shoulder , but the pain was a distant thing that served only to inform rather than distract .
my laugh was a bitter , mocking thing .
all of the potential that everyone talks about is n't worth a damn thing if i have to sacrifice rachel to realize it .
there is no such thing as hells gate .
the only thing that jesse got out of it was that his grandmother was in danger , and there was someone , maybe even something , in their house .
i ca nt hear a blasted thing !
ashton shrugged in the same way he would as if he did this sort of thing all the time .
the next thing he pulled out was a bag of hersheys kisses .
he s almost , ian said , not a thing .
we kept shouting at you to come in here , and neither of you heard a thing .
yeahwellweve all been pretty busy latelyyou knowwith our jobs , vacationsthat sort of thing .
i just do nt understand this thing about reds mother .
she had not mentioned any such thing in their interview .
its lots of little things , i guess , bean .
oh , i get it , johnny b , you re saying our friendship is in suspended animation , or some such thing , until the dust settles .
of course , she always talked about her father , because it was the only thing she had in common with everyone else here .
he chuckled a quiet , almost inaudible thing , but it was the smile on his lips that made her heart thump twice as hard .
all through creative writing i hear them whispering to each other , and ithinara does nt say a thing .
they wo nt suspect a thing .
it was the only thing she could confide in in the end , as it was the only thing to care to understand .
the only thing we have to worry about are the nightmares .
he probably mistook my nauseated clumsiness for a head - over - heels schoolgirl sort of thing .
i was a little skeptical about the whole thing , because i had also figured out the year before that santa stored most of my presents in my grandparents ' coat closet , which left me questioning a whole lot of things , but i wanted to make sure i covered all my bases .
i d purposely made sure i was scheduled all day on easter and loaded all my clothes and books back into the car so that the only thing i d have to swing back by the house for would be my computer .
but we do nt do a thing about faisal infesting the country with his sherifian officers , even though we know they re stirring up trouble .
then jesus beholding him loved him , and said unto him , one thing thou lackest : go thy way , sell whatsoever thou hast , and give to the poor , and thou shalt have treasure in heaven : and come , take up the cross , and follow me .
should ordinary men know of such things , the gift looses its power and becomes an ordinary thing .
should ordinary men know of such things , the gift looses its power and becomes an ordinary thing .
` ` and you are the smartest guy i know that is n't an adult ... '' the girl 's backpack was unzipped first , revealing the most extraordinary thing .
you have no idea what to do with your hair and do nt know the first thing about makeup , she finished for me .
i mean i get the whole fantasy role - play thing , but come on , a simple slip in one of these vamps control and you re a corpse !
i thought you were still angry about the lost in space thing , ira laughs his ass off as rann just stare and smiles at me .
but she says it all with an accent that makes even hello jack sound like the most exotic thing i ve ever heard .
well , yeahif you , you know , like that sorta thing .
* i ai nt seen a single thing about rake in the papers .
the general smiled , it seems that i learned a thing or two about christmas from bark here .
the only thing she could make out was movement .
the only thing left is verbal approval of eliza thorn agreeing to come to atlantis .
but , what s with this whole lamp thing ?
here he had written out the incantationand yes , there was the part she had been missing , the thing that had caused her spell to fail on that last day behind the bakery .
the curse was nt the only thing i found in your notebooks .
the whole curse thing was probably just in my head .
in the past three years , i d never brought anyone home , and grace was probably the prettiest thing he d ever come in contact with .
i had nt mentioned a thing .
because my dear , i too am searching for the same thing .
ka explained that the six month average lifespan of a jellyfish was a beautiful thing .
when you re up close to something its hard to appreciate its beauty , but when you take a few steps back you can take in the whole thing and really see how beautiful it is .
for a moment he did nt have any control of his body and the only thing he could see was the surface .
i asked him what happened but he did nt say a thing .
of course now i realize there s no such thing as perfect , but you should always strive for it .
at first the pain was incredible but then my adrenaline kicked in and i could nt see a thing .
we practiced that until we could snatch anything , large or small , without his feeling a thing .
fear and love burst into my heart like someone taking a branch of candles into a dark room and making all things visible .
neither of them said a thing about them .
in the backseat , and ca nt remember a thing .
she s the last thing i see and , i fear , the first thing ill see when i wake back up .
the one thing you re missing , zed , is what happens in between , while you re in the angry place , before you ve fed .
five months ago you never would have thought that there was such thing as your magic , but here you are now .
the only thing in the envelope was a picture .
it was very clever of fate to place his grandson with mitchell westi did nt suspect a thing .
sure , i d be lying if i said the only thing i m worried about is my pap .
why did nt you tell us first thing this morning ?
i try to figure out where i am , but not a single thing is familiar .
most guys do nt know the first thing about poetry .
the next thing i figured out was dhelia .
if i come out and say it , shell shut down and not share a thing .
i do nt know a thing about being a good mother either , noah , but i m willin to try .
um , ok . my shift ended and i did nt remember a thing about it .
the next thing i remember was a hand on my hip and an arm being slipped under my head and the words , thank you for the best christmas .
if they know a thing or two about computers .
he had nt said a thing about therapeutic exercises .
his voice was low as he said , we both know at least one thing that scares you out of your wits , do nt we ?
the last thing i remembered clearly was his melodious laughter as he had told me of valentines landing on her broad behind while she tried to uproot an ill plant the other day .
i was full to the brim , but this little cherry must have been the most appetizing thing in the world .
the first thing that came into view was a sea of green shards spread all over the floor .
would it really hurt if she showed him just one thing ?
i can show you one thing , she relented .
and now with it , she could probably walk through the fire and not feel a thing !
it is nt the most pleasant thing i can leave you with , but its the most helpful thing i can givei do nt know how it is outside the forest , or what you know .
it is nt the most pleasant thing i can leave you with , but its the most helpful thing i can givei do nt know how it is outside the forest , or what you know .
the torch in the room had gone out , so she could not see a thing .
oh , it was such a crushing thing .
out of everything , that s probably the thing i have the least of .
i love you did nt seem to mean a thing .
i think you ve forgotten about the whole branding thing .
i did nt know a thing about boys .
the last thing i heard before sleep overtook me was the distant wail of a child crying somewhere in the depths of the mansion .
the first thing you see when you go into the great hall of the grandinian palace is a black grand piano that stands at the far left end of the hall , between two vast marble arches .
shooting paper targets and soda cans in the backyard at home was nothing compared to the many different things i could learn in this place .
i knew boys liked food , but lets face it , that was nt the one thing they wanted .
that was just the sweetest thing .
i just need a small thing for you .
the first thing i saw was the food stand i had helped give power to earlier .
i do nt know the first thing about them .
therefore , this substitute , who does nt know a thing about music , lets us do our own thing .
hmmm i know just the thing .
they are proud of me for showing ryder harrison a thing or two .
for one thing , is nt it a bit soon for that ?
they start laughing , as if it is the funniest thing they ever heard .
but i ca nt find that special thing .
its the easiest thing to discern .
something that could push a father to make his youngest son the heir to his throne , and then i believe that thing must be so important to him .
i stood there as i watched her and smiled , the only thing more beautiful than my house in that state was bisola , i never ceased to be amazed by her beauty .
i did nt mention the whole immortal thing .
is it some mohiri thing ?
she remembered some of them had awkwardly tousled her hair when she was a little girl , as if they thought that was what you were meant to do with children , but then promptly ignored her because they only knew how to speak about things that had been dead for millennia ; they did nt understand this strange thing called life .
he furrowed his brow , a look on his face that suggested he should nt have to explain such a thing to her .
i think he was afraid your mother might take you from him if she found out he was filling your head with that sort of thing .
not for the first time , he marvelled at the fact that there was no such thing as emptiness .
the boy did nt know it , but he would lead them right to the very thing they had all been searching for .
the next thing i remember is the sunlight streaming in through the entrance .
many times , in fact , the very thing he searched out would be the very thing which eluded him .
however , there was one more thing connor half - feared they 'd also need .
the fear they 'd felt that day in the cave was now an alien thing they could hardly understand at all .
christ , those kids do nt listen to a single thing .
angel always got away with stuff like that , so katelyn did nt say a thing .
` ` love is a very powerful thing to learn .
still , that did nt change a thing .
the only thing that was nt see - through was the floor .
neither of us said a thing for a good few minutes before i finally piped up .
at home , i could wave my hand through all the fire i wanted , i could put books and even my hands on stoves or boiling pots and would nt feel a thing .
but i could nt find a single thing .
not able to see a thing , i stood still and listened .
my friends were chained up and the only thing i knew at that point was i was lost .
that is the last thing i expected to find in a bowl of soup .
your story is the most outrageous thing i ve ever heard .
you will not feel a thing , max said in an attempt to calm me .
remember she will never feel a thing , max reassured .
i ca nt believe i do nt feel a thing other than sore .
emma thought about the way the fairy had been analyzing the leaf like it was some sort of message until she realized that she was thinking about it like it had been a real thing .
the first thing she saw was a neatly folded blue and white - checkered baby blanket .
you re the closest thing i have to a little sister .
no one suspected a thing and i wanted to keep it that way .
i d show these bumpkins a thing or two .
but i m not big on bed hair and the whole mud - as - a - stylist - product thing was nt really doing it for me .
i ve never seen such a pretty thing think so hard .
doctors do n't know a thing these days .
now this thing here , he flapped the paper , looks to to my trained eye like a contract between the deceased and oakley .
he turned his mouth and the entire thing went in .
he did n't suspect a thing .
love is a funny thing .
her loneliness was soon a thing of the past .
he did nt say it , but it was foremost in his mind ; the thing he feared he would miss the most was the authority of his uncle .
in all of those years , he had nt changed a thing .
the healing and some other thing that we ve yet to figure out , claire replied .
my stockings were the hardest thing to get off ; i realised sadly that mum had always been the one to pull them off at the toes .
confidence , i learned then , is a very fragile thing .
the next thing i was aware of was the sight of the black beams of the ceiling in my downstairs bedroom .
i do nt know a lot about this psychic lark , he said gently , but i do know a thing or two about life .
what re you doing , you mad thing ?
as much as i still disliked blod intensely most of the time , i felt rotten that i could see into the places and know the things that she must have been wondering alone in her room .
we both made to go after her but ness was a tough little thing , she picked herself up , giggled and ran off back into the house .
we were talking about simple things , nice distracting things like how pretty ness would look as a flower girl and how we could put some flowers over my crutches to make them look less hideous in the photographs , when suddenly blod fell silent .
it would certainly explain a thing or two around here . ''
a hand , a warm soft thing , a human touch , caresses the side of my face .
the first thing he tasted was a large , sickly sweet pastry- looking thing that reminded him of baklava ; by its texture though it could have been made from sand .
the strange thing about humps , besides all the other things that were strange about them , was their odd sense of responsibility .
this young thing was level headed ; a little ditsy perhaps , but prudent all the same .
smells of herb and smells of spice , smells of fruit and all things nice .
held between his thumb and forefinger , and resting atop his middle finger , was a flat , almost perfectly rounded stone ; to billy it felt evenly weighted and proportioned , or so he imagined if he d really known anything about that sort of thing .
my hands numb , barry continued to scream , trust me , i wo nt feel a thing .
well i could probably teach you a thing or two in the bedroom but you d probably make too much noise .
you girls do nt know a thing about being a witch !
paul did nt mention a thing about the old man or the shoes .
but you want to know the strangest thing of all ?
umm , the virgin thing ?
the pharmaceutical companies were a thing of the past .
that is the coolest thing i ve ever heard of in my life !
i m looking to go into behavioural sciences , you know ; profiling , that sort of thing .
but just between us the whole cure thing sounds altogether more altruistic , do nt you think ?
and the thing i need from you the one small piece that i have nt been able to replicate all these years i can just as easily get from your corpse as from your living body .
i am unsure if i like this whole having a side kick thing .
he was so fervent to unwrap his gift that he has forgotten every other thing .
the first thing that i see is a huge circle fountain .
i actually have friends to sit with okay , maybe its a little early to put arianna , victoria , and courtney in the friends category , but they re the closest thing i ve got to it , so ill take it .
come , lets return to our tea and i shall explain the entire thing to you , no more mysteries , nothing half - spoken .
although i long for the sight of what lies within , i do not wish it to be the last thing i see .
finn spoke , yes dear , and you wo nt feel a thing .
he could teach her a thing or two .
pc nelson returned to his paperwork but , 15 minutes later , he realised he had nt accomplished a thing .
first thing they ask for is a mars bar each .
she just got up out of her bed and walked past the dopey nurse who did nt see a thing .
the first thing harden saw when he stepped onto the ward was bright light .
for one thing it means that it does nt fall into the wrong hands , or in front of the wrong pair of eyes .
i 'd a horrible feeling that an awful poodle - haired rock racket was going to emerge from the would - be poster - boy but i 'd learnt earlier that albums and album covers are not the same thing .
i ca nt see a thing out of this head .
i could nt see a thing .
no matter how much rational thought i put into trying to convince myself that there was no such thing as a pre - decided destiny , the feeling i had in the deepest part of my stomach told me something different .
i braced myself for the coming ivor - tirade about breaking into the not to be touched jacket and what on earth did i think i was doing and what did i want with the key anyway and all that kind of thing but all i got was a narrow eyed look and a disgruntled whuff .
` ` yeah , well , i ' ve never been good at this whole ' optimism ' thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing , '' ty pointed out .
he was the most beautiful thing i d ever seen , even if i could hardly see a thing , and even if i d never been in the same room as another shirtless guy before .
there s no such thing as original thought anymore .
basha nodded and then inquired , one last thing i want to know .
the only thing i know is that their employer must have been lord fobata .
how could he control that thing , when he hardly knew a thing about magic ?
goga would never suspect a thing !
is that not the silliest thing you ever thought of ?
this is a sacred thing and thus , it must be treated as so .
i do nt know the first thing about condemning other people .
you are right with the capsulated blood and almost right with the wirth thing .
it was so dark and she could nt see a thing .
not a thing from you or her .
i remember her as a chipper little thing , the way she should have been in the dream i had almost forgotten .
in fact , that s the only thing anyone knows about him : that he bought his freedom working in the mines of deep knells .
that a man does not carry his name is nt a thing you can judge him on .
just as sara was ready to be done with talking , however , pella decided it was the very thing he wanted most .
there s no such thing as a favorite knot .
there was nothing well , there was one thing , if he was honest he felt hurt at being dismissed from the encounter by whyl .
the mantel of captain was nt a thing to be taken lightly .
the boy neither said nor felt a thing , but simply was .
nearing her sixties and having committed decades of her life to charity and volunteer work , lashell knew a thing or two about the best programs to get involved with .
and ill take lots of pictures so you wo nt miss a thing .
and while i knew that there were still so many things i needed to learn about him , i knew that the best thing for both of us would be time and patience .
compared to this the whole suffocating thing does nt seem so anguishing .
the only nice thing i have is the old truck my dad left me in his will and some other little keepsakes of his .
i bet marilyn monroes mother never said a thing about marilyn wearing rhinestones in the daytime .
and the boat thing .
( do nt ask me to explain the tissue thing , though .
i suppose ill start with the marilyn thing .
i decide that maybe this is the right time to bring up the nessas lessons in love thing .
holly and i worked out the nessas lessons in love thing .
the nessas lessons in love thing .
its not one thing in particular i love about marilyn , its just ... oh , everything .
the police wo nt care about a thing .
maybe she needs to go to hospital but , like charlotte said , they do nt care about a thing anymore .
she did nt need to worry about making any noise ; the party music was so loud , she could have dragged a clutch of ladders out and no one would have heard a thing .
little miss lawyer did nt miss a thing .
i have to see janus first thing friday night so why do nt i pop by your place as soon as were done with our meeting ?
i plan on having a taste of this sweet thing .
` ` for one thing , i do n't want to be part of a new royal family .
based on what you ve said , schools are gathering places where people would learn things .
he called the waiter for another cup , and went on : i knew you could not leave such a remarkable place and such delicious food and a wonderful dwarf like myself who tells great tales and knows great deals of things .
he hated that his own love was a selfish thing , like his tales , and his fear was a hideous thing , like heights .
it is a hard task , a dangerous one indeed , for to find these drops , my friend steven , and to take it from ones self , is a thing our minds can not yet see .
for one thing it was freezing rail budget cuts seemed to have included the heating this year .
it was no use , she thought desperately , she could nt see a thing .
but she had been in plenty of fights over this before and it had not changed a thing .
now the chess set was the only thing of his that sami still had of him .
then she remembered that she did know at least one thing about adonae , which was that the people from there knew nothing about music .
the ian thing is bugging me , though the jace thing is an icing on top of the problem cake .
the ian thing is bugging me , though the jace thing is an icing on top of the problem cake .
and there is n't a damn thing to do in this room besides break more snow globes , a last resort i am close to taking .
` ` i know just the thing , '' he says as ducks under the booth to dig through a box .
normally that s the first thing that i would want to know , but it did nt occur to me to ask .
i thought i might have a thing or two to show her , but first , i wanted to see what else she could do .
i know that the boom is coming ... the only thing missing is the test paper .
homework is the furthest thing from my mind .
having a name is a precious thing and he understands that he was destined to be nothing but a number .
break my body , if you must , but helping them did not change a thing .
yeah , that modum opper - end - day thing .
barnabas could only scoff , bah , the only thing that this boy will bring us is fortune .
transformations were the first thing a young witch learns , and she failed miserably .
many things were discovered tonight , emerson interrupted willows dismal thoughts .
the car moves forward , but i can not feel a thing .
the stew was the most amazing thing he has ever tasted .
not the tongue thing , just everything else by the way .
she was still sugar and spice and all things nice , and part of you wanted her to stay that way .
not about the josh thing .
i have nt done a damn thing , amanda said .
she squeaked in a choked , stricken voice , as if she did nt know a thing about it , yet the mere word cast terror in her tender heart .
he was the closest thing we had to a friend in the frat .
i started to realize that violence was a horrible thing .
julie did n't know why she would ask such a thing .
` ` unfortunately , we did n't find the video of the match , but we found one thing about it .
the only thing that was known about luisa , was that she was a lamia because she left snake trails .
this is the first time i hear , and actually see , such a thing .
the only thing preventing lea from using it was the fact that tania could counter the attack and cause serious damage .
` ` considering there 's two of you , '' romulus said , glancing from boris to fredek , ` ` i 'd say your family knows a thing or two about stupid choices . ''
we figured your people , from their culture and history with aryk , might know a thing or two about ... playing cards . ''
so this job is going to give me this ... this thing that i do nt have but i really want but i do nt know that i want it ?
it was a relief to have something to contribute , even a small thing .
when it arrived at the ground level and the doors slid open , the only thing inside the elevator was a small two - way radio .
being dead as long i have you learn a thing or two .
if there were flipped cars , discarded laundry and other weird things going on in this town up in the rocky mountains then that meant only one thing : elves want to be informed about future releases ?
he had done it right under their noses , without anybody suspecting a thing .
she was a slim , sexy thing , who previously would not have given henry a second look .
chapter 14 aliah when he opened his eyes the first thing he saw in the dim half - light was the little mountain of gravel still inside his clenched fist .
shed been asking me questions , you know the kind of thing where i d gone to school , did i have any brothers or sisters , where were my surfing mates ?
i did nt know the first thing about horses or vegetables or anything to do with parchman farm .
the thing i really wish is this : i just wish i could tell it to my dad .
as usual , amelia was telling belle all sorts of things that she was n't really supposed to know in the first place , but had managed to find out anyway .
the only thing left is actual experience . ''
it was the first thing i found when i was getting dressed .
the thing i ca nt figure out is how you changed out of the old man costume without me noticing daniel snapped his fingers .
it was warm and sweet and the best thing daniel had tasted in ages .
they 're gone , and i ca n't do a thing about it except focus on staying alive , i thought to myself , but did n't dare say it out loud .
i barely felt a thing as i fell asleep .
` ` the only other thing he saw was a purple crystal .
immediately , percival realized this did nt look a thing like violets bedroom .
i did nt think there was any such thing as magic .
but heres the thing , percival .
i get the whole green thing . ''
` ` but you have n't eaten a thing .
instead of mystery and adventure , the only thing the pictures proved was how dreadfully meaningless his life was doomed to be .
this shadow thing ...
words no longer seemed adequate for explaining this sort of thing .
from where he sat on the bed , the only thing link could see was the kitchen ceiling .
you do n't suppose the dog thing was raythuse , do you ? ''
all he had to do was close the door without his father noticing , and he could pretend that he 'd never heard a thing .
the only thing i found was a name scribbled into one of her journals . ''
link did n't feel a thing .
incredible ... leanne realized she had been admiring the world for nigh on ten minutes , and it was as if the longer she was there , the more her brain refused to behave as if it were merely information , and not the real thing .
you know , time slowing down for you , and all that sort of thing ?
and the most confusing thing for me is that i realise she does nt know him .
he swiftly and deftly pulls off my gag , as if he s used to this kind of thing .
so far i had seen different smiles in jms but this one was unique ; it was the real thing i guess .
this waitress was the real thing and any normal guy would stiff up at the sight of her reputable features .
her lips were almost the sweetest thing i had ever tasted and i loved it .
i learnt a thing or two during this flaming weeks as the protocol puts it .
it was during this time that i learnt , for example , kissing in public , the one thing i had dreaded before .
fact : love is a very complicated thing ; more of a drug i must say .
he tuned the stereo , but the only thing that emanated from the speakers was a high - pitched buzz .
in the water , the only thing they saw was their faces .
there is no such thing as perfection , but there is such a thing as success .
there is no such thing as perfection , but there is such a thing as success .
he had nt even hugged me ; he had nt said a thing about how he felt or why we were there that night .
the next thing i remembered was tiahna saying , bye lili , hope to see you at our concert tonight .
they sound ridiculous , things like eating an apple from wherever aerlings come from , some kind of god - given blessing , intermixing of species , stuff like that .
` ` actually , it 's the least thing i like about him .
heres the thing , devon begins .
but you and i do nt know the first thing about taking care of a kid .
i sighed , feeling the exhaustion of the whole valentines thing .
* * * the first thing that woke me up was a tongue .
and to be able to learn more herbologymaybe even learn if there really is such a thing as real magic !
only thing i hear is the sound of my mothers breathing and the beeping on her heart monitor .
except the security box thing , that was me .
i really wanted to court her and treat her like a lady and woo her with flowers and chocolates and all things romantic .
she was a feisty little thing .
they wo nt hear a thing .
the only thing they know is that the damn thing is missing , buddy .
life is hard but death is the hardest thing of all to comprehend .
life is hard , but death is the hardest thing for me to comprehend , forever .
we ca n't see a thing . ''
` ` the last thing i recall is west , '' she gives him a small smile and meets his eyes briefly , ` ` pushing me down and dropping on top of me as the house started to fall .
where would she hear a thing like that ? ''
because dad , you ca nt seriously think that there s such a thing as an ancient tongue that can control the elements .
kane said that the grandfather tree was a portal , which i can only assume is the same thing as a wormhole never mind how that s possible , he added to himself under his breath .
so what you re saying is the only thing standing between us and the return of the shadow lord is a sword that nobody can find ?
i do nt know the whole thing fluently , and the only elements that obey me are quantum particles , although if i get enough of them at once then i suppose i could technically control all sorts of things , but that s another story .
when you get to be my age , and i sincerely hope you do someday , you ll find out that sleep is a thing of the past .
maybe , if i play my cards right , i can learn a thing or two from him .
it was nt just some symbolic thing ?
no one should dare claim what they have no business knowing about but sadly that does n't stop most from thinking they know it all , every and anything there is to know about me when the truth is they know nothing about me , zilch , zip , nada ; not a damn thing .
help is one thing ryder does nt know how to do , well that among many other things .
it was dark outside and if it were nt for the street lights she would nt be able to see a thing but because the street lights were on she was able to see a blond chick laying near a tree , no doubt dead from the disfiguration of the young womans neck .
i ca nt respond to the blood - in - the - veins thing .
i was nt really listening though because out of everything mama asked for , one thing jumped out at me : contact information .
never mentioned a thing about me having to be my own mechanic .
despite his ungainly landing he had barely felt a thing .
squealed daisy , squeezing him hard , though he barely felt a thing .
the only thing before him was mile after mile of unbroken road .
i d downplayed the will thing , since the further i got from that first day , the more i realized it had probably been nothing .
it was , after all , a pretty clever prank , especially the pocket square thing .
pilgrim chic is nt really a thing , is it ?
nah , i ve had this scar ages and i ca nt feel a thing on it .
not a thing , said zeus .
she ca nt feel a thing .
emeralds were the closest thing i could think of .
we were so high , my trust in bran the only thing between me and the ground .
for once i got the teleportation thing right .
i think we can teach these old soldiers a thing or two .
it had now become the thing i dreaded most .
the whole trial thing just makes me upset .
the only thing i was sure of right now was ellenothing else .
that was a thing of beauty and i did that one on my own .
like jesus without the whole son of god and trip to heaven thing .
you do n't know a thing about us .
the only thing i had left to add was a pair of personal vignette bookends .
i did n't know a damn thing about her honor .
they did n't know a thing about survival .
you see , what i have n't told them yet is the most important thing .
you do n't understand a single thing .
but there is still one thing i want to know .
i cringed as i used the word magic ; as if it were a real thing .
its just that , well this whole magic thing is new to me , i gave a sheepish grin and took another swig of my water , just in case .
i was not sure if i even took the whole monarchy thing seriously yet .
if a resistance was involved , there was no such thing as an easy solution .
anyway , i scared them away with my whole star - power thing and then seth and jupiter , my weapons trainer , showed up and kind of saved the day .
she has quite the temper on her , feisty little thing .
you are a cheeky little thing , he murmured , his voice slithering over me like slime .
she would use this or any other thing she could find against me .
only , there was no such thing as that kind of mind - control power .
you first appeared to me almost four months ago , and i ve barely learned a thing about you .
that kind of the thing only existed in the imagination , and she had never placed much importance upon dreams and fantasy .
it was such an odd little thing .
the only thing that i needed after all of this was a reliable place to hide out , someplace where i could escape the prosecution of the ccia .
so , cinta must ve noticed that i was lacking my usual hunter green overnight luggage since she does nt miss a thing as i toss the jeans from my legs and the dress from my upper body slamming them on the carpet along with my lacey bra .
so we had lunch , i had to let the eye colouring thing slide this time .
the only thing we knew well , and far better , was medicine .
she had now revealed another thing that she had nt wanted the others to know .
but he had this ... this thing hanging over him .
the first thing i coveted was a book .
the only thing of note we d discovered was a tarnished brass pole , standing on its own near the edge of the large main room .
the first thing the young man sees is blood .
plus with all those sedatives he could nt feel a thing .
last time we spoke , and i told you about the non - prime thing , you , er , did nt take it so well .
was it some kind of sick revenge , to get me back for the tracker wolf thing ?
you will die without feeling a thing .
i do nt know a thing on the subject .
remember that , he told me , as if he had explained the whole thing to me out loud .
and i would sit , stunned , wondering such a simple thing could make everything so complicated .
oh , style ; what a foreign and forbidden thing .
oh sorry , chap , it seemed not a thing to her .
there s such a thing called love , you know !
it was the most terrorizing , most appalling thing i d ever heardand it did nt help that i knew what was happening .
when i look through the metal gate separating the cargo and cabin , the only thing visible is forest on either side of a two - lane road .
the sky - sling soared on as though i had nt thought a thing .
the only thing keeping izzy in that apartment , and not in a prison , was the deception izzy was creating that she could talk with me .
there 's one thing to learn about our mother .
and on top of that , there was the whole enigmatic wizard queen thing .
addie , she said , i m sure its all some kind ofa translation thing ?
like i said , this whole magic thing is new to me .
even if you are nt a fan of rugby , or do nt know a thing about the game , all you need to know is that tackling is one of the key jobs of a flank .
do nt worry ; no one will hear a thing .
i could nt stand the idea of keeping secrets from her , and yet i added , not a thing whatsoever .
sometimes , sara joined my group of friends at the coffee place , and we spent time together just talking about silly things while eating our favorite tramezzini , the white - bread sandwiches i had missed so much while in the states .
* the gold and silver twilight is glorious , yet love is the most glorious thing of all .
melody could nt see a thing .
she remembered stuff about currents and wind streams , but she did nt know the first thing about being a bird .
it felt good , but it did nt mean a damn thing .
i was playing h - o - r - s - e with your friends , showing them a thing or two .
i got hungry during the night , that s all you ca nt have eaten the whole thing !
i was so busy with preparations for tonight , and meeting you , that i have not eaten a thing all day .
we have found another thing upon which we can agree .
we might know a thing or two .
young furosan , the otsukun said and wagged his tail , we have found another thing upon which we can agree .
i pulled out my science book and homework from the previous night , knowing that would be the first thing he requested .
not that i would know that kind of thing .
the only thing i could make out was the sound of jefferson county police sirens blaring and the panic of kids running all over the place , not realizing that carters house was surrounded by a bob - wired fence .
the last thing gel saw through his splayed fingers was firelight glinting off the shining blade as it angled towards his face .
it was a small thing to be missing , to cause so much pain , he thought , but he could play without them .
the last thing gel saw through his splayed fingers , raised on instinct in a vain effort to protect himself , was firelight glinting off the metal blade as it angled towards his head .
i guess you could say that hudson is the closest thing we have to a butler .
i did nt hear a bloody thing .
and the best thing we found was a bag of jelly beans !
blithely interrupting him , natalia continued , ` ` anyways , dad , i like that you are laid back about this sort of thing and i appreciate that you do n't hound me over the simplest of things like she did . ''
i have a neighbour who knows a thing or two about this sort o ' thing !
` ` i could never begin to describe such a complex thing on the phone , ruth ! ''
after all , the only thing separating heartland america in ohio from a similar place in ontario , canada , was the great lakes and a small patch of michigan .
[ 13 ] the saddest thing about robby blue is that soon he will be withered ( if he is nt already ) , with even darker bags under his eyesfrom all the drugs , or the heavy weight of young adult malaise and regret he must carry .
were living in the information age and i do nt know the first thing about coding or electricity .
the only important thing i had was the stone , and either it had already been confiscated or deralick , with all his rules , would send it back to the castle .
one thing i might miss just a little when i leave .
well , since were being lame and clich , you should know i do nt normally do this sort of thing .
cory , what is the most important thing you know about being married ?
so that s another thing , just like an earlobe .
the next thing is a copy of my will .
it can be complicated applying to schools , registering and that sort of thing .
showed those youngsters a thing or two .
and i know deep down inside that we wo nt talk about a damn thing .
too many people have apologized and have nt meant a thing .
at least she did nt steal this one thing from me .
here 's another thing i do n't understand .
that attack force came from somewhere , travelled into a.n territory , camped there , and we did n't know a thing .
matt and andre stopped the group from time to time to point out things such as the hole in the tree where raccoons lived , raccoons tracks , deer tracks , and the names of plants and insects .
she had nt heard a thing during the night -- no bears nor owls had kept her awake .
this thing has been getting me into trouble the whole trip here .
he did nt nod , did nt say a thing .
and the only thing that is keeping you here is something i do nt understand .
there s the real thing that s missing .
time is short , he said brusquely , and i realized that the deeper thing i had nt understood was fear , something i had never thought to see cross his face .
she accepted it , clasping it in her hands and scrutinising it as though it was the first real thing that she had ever seen .
it 's the only thing that 's making sense to her at the moment .
whenever i read something , the first thing i see is the truth .
i come to with a start and immediately lunge for the door , the handle standing out with stark clarity in the center of a blur , as though the only thing my bruised brain is capable of focusing on is a way out .
perhaps , that , in the end will be the very thing that sparks your confidence .
the main thing you have to worry about is the salt .
the most important thing i need to know is whether or not you have a relationship with the lord .
there was one thing lila was right about when we discussed the things i see .
but she wo nt feel a thing .
and then there s his talent oh , you mean the phlegm - breathing thing ?
brown oxide was nt a real thing .
how could lucinda think girls night was the solution to spendingwhat felt likehours soaked in more blood than she had seen in her entire life , meeting a deranged lunatic of a boy , watching the worlds most perfect couple admit they are nt so perfect , and worst of all , agreeing to be something she did nt know a thing about .
the only thing that pissed lucinda off that much was politics .
there was no wonder she never remembered kindergarden or any single thing about her first grade .
it was the most vile thing shed ever tasted .
the mind was the only personal thing anyone had .
selenas cheeks stung with embarrassment as she thought about her growing savings account and plans to leave twin oaks on the first thing smoking after graduation .
her place in front of rothatin was necessary , though , as neither she nor titus knew the first thing about guiding an owl .
its this whole princess of a nation thing .
i mean , these people expect me to fight and i do nt know the first thing about fighting .
the bond of a werewolf and his mate is a powerful thing .
with both hands occupied pushing her wheelchair , there was nt a thing she could do about it .
if you want to leave without a word , it does nt mean a thing to me .
* * * a tremendous pounding in her skull was the first thing sara was aware of .
sitting a glass and plate in front of jen , who still had nt said a thing since we d been in the kitchen , i took mine to the opposite end of the table .
whatever this thing was , i did nt want it .
but , now that you mention it i can see a sort of rainbow prism thing going on .
i do nt want to know a thing about that .
i did nt even feel a thing , the man said , stupefied .
you re the only thing i actually understand .
its sad that i m the only thing that makes sense to you , she replied , since i m the only one here that s tried to kill you .
it was dark , but she knew that , even if the lights were on , she would nt be able to see a thing .
when jake looked like he did nt understand a thing , leon hurried up .
not knowing a thing about her grandfather , she tried to think like her father , hoping he knew about the safe and changed the combination of the lock so , it would be dates .
his face did not show a thing about what was going on his mind , and he was wearing his glasses .
that makes part of this whole thing called being human , but managing to overcome it and sincerely forgive the other faults that is what makes a real friendship , what strengthens it .
one of the demons broke his neck with one hand , and then i that s when beth remembered that important thing .
it was the most delicious thing that shed ever tasted .
the only thing it did have was a mouth with sharp pointed teeth .
the only thing that made it remotely human was its mouth .
i crept forward , kneeling over them , and as i led my hand into the fire i did nt feel a thing .
cut it out with the whole felix thing .
but i d done that before and it had nt changed a thing .
yeah , so i think you re wrong about that whole not playing sports thing .
because she made things and wrote things down and saved every detail like it was the most important thing in the world .
the thing i could nt figure out .
all of that wanting was concentrated in my fingertips and still i could nt remember a thing .
you re a complicated little thing , ai nt ya ?
the cave is completely dark , and his eyes are the only thing you ll see .
i ca nt remember a single thing any of my teachers talked about in my classes after home ec .
he s the closest thing i have to a friend .
that is nt the kind of thing you can let go , i argue .
all the way home , the only thing i can think about is the favor zander owes me and how i know exactly what i want to ask for .
now you leave us mortal and not remember a thing !
the whole imprint thing was a joke right ?
but then , my other selves , lives had never left me so much as one scribbled word , the only thing that seemed to come with me was the emerald cross .
not precisely every little bit of thing .
you are trying to bribe me into disclosing every little bit of a thing about it , are nt you , baby ?
i loved everything he was ( not every little bit of thing about him though ) and i adored certain things he did .
suddenly this did nt seem like such a harmless thing after all .
neither of us heard a thing .
joyah looked around even though she could nt see a thing .
the sword was a thing of beauty .
it sounded like he d stuck his head into a jet engines intake , and he could nt see a thing .
chapter eleven the shaft is the type of thing my worst nightmares are made of .
the thing i ca nt explain .
everything had literally turned to crap and i could nt do a thing about it .
it was the closest thing i had to a hobby .
not like an i know her kind of thing , but like something in me recognizes something in her .
he had my hair , but that was the only thing he got from me .
it was the tastiest thing mina had ever put into her mouth , and her body soaked it in , having been sustained on airplane and processed travel food for the past two days .
pay attention , because this next thing i teach is the most important thing you need to learn .
mina did nt know the first thing about cooking , but she knew that at home the stoves fuel never ran out .
and my grandmothers fish stew is the best thing i ve ever tasted .
the short stem darkened her nose , whilst the feathers fanned out framing her tiny features like a crown , but the most amazing thing was the eye itself .
the picture is just the most important thing i remember about an incident .
i know it sounds stupid , but whenever i think about it , it reminds me of that movie the matrix because that 's how big of a thing hope had shoved on her as far as changes go .
first thing they wanted to know was whether i 'd talked to hope .
i know i m not into the whole lovely face thing , but this feels like i m losing face .
or the prophesying thing in different words ?
their move to earth had nt changed a thing .
the only thing separating the ocean from the bridge were sheets of glass divided up by iron beams .
belts of clouds were the only thing they could see for several minutes until they hit atmosphere .
i never believed in things like that before , now that were here , in this strange place , i do nt know what to believe .
she did n't learn a single thing that they did n't know already .
he has this thing about aboriginals . ''
new definition for true love : true love is when you can exchange deep searing kisses with your almost - a - fianc after more than a week of not brushing your teeth and not notice a thing .
` ` i 'll have a plumber on it tomorrow morning first thing .
suddenly she felt like eating , and the apple was the most delicious thing she had ever bitten into .
this is the last thing you must learn before we leave , '' she said , intentionally changing the subject .
the first thing i hear are sobs , then a somewhat controlled enthusiastic scream , and finally mom 's voice .
this class is hell , the most boring thing i have ever been taught , and the teacher is not particularly good either .
i have never won a thing in my entire life ! ''
` ` jay tells me that you have been asking about the teleportation thing .
i ca n't hear a thing , not even the loud music that i know i ' m listening to .
there it is ; another thing to add to the description of the keepers in the book .
the only word i can understand is her , and the only thing i can see is the vast black void in front of me .
there are so many places in the world that teach you things , but here , not only have i learned things , but i ' ve grown as a person , i know that , i can feel it , and when i leave , that will be the one thing that i 'll be taking away .
there are so many places in the world that teach you things , but here , not only have i learned things , but i ' ve grown as a person , i know that , i can feel it , and when i leave , that will be the one thing that i 'll be taking away .
she does not move , and she does n't say a thing .
` ` you will have to , it was her choice to let you live , little thing .
but the only thing i know is that elizabeth will be gone in three days , and that is all i care about .
` ` the most precious thing to a god is the soul , young boy '' barbra tells me from the armchair .
i stay there in front of the television , not hearing a thing .
she bends over me and the only thing i can see is her deep , stabbing green eyes .
the only thing i see is the eyes of a regretting soul .
i did nt hear a thing .
the only thing that perked up my ears like scooby doo was daddy mentioning something about a meeting later today at three oclock , but he never said with who or why .
but i have to say , the only thing i love more than questions are answers .
i did nt say a thing .
granted , the sea - salt thing was different and her mention of moonbeams was truly odd , but what shed said when she slipped it on my finger now that was straight - up crazy .
everything still looked perfectly intact , so there was nt any need to freshen up a thing .
ty did nt do a thing .
he did nt have to say a thing .
the most valuable thing in the world is time .
bea , what exactly is the one thing that would allow me remove the wandwithout technically being ready .
the only thing i m missing is a big red target on my back !
the next thing i heard was the sound of rocks crashing in the background .
yeah , a real firecracker chapter 23 he wo nt remember a thing though my body was still reeling from the jolt of the explosion , i forced myself onto my knees and swiftly crawled my way over to samuel .
the only thing daddy had shown him was the rough diamond stone he wore around his neck for protection .
she pointed to me and demanded eagerly , and do nt leave out a thing !
however , the first thing to fall upon my body was nt the diamonds blade , far from it .
once we replace these words with numbers i can solve this thing no problem .
the two paramedics were shouting at each other over the man lying prone on the gurney between them , but peyton could nt hear a thing they were saying .
the only thing that prevented her from believing she had , was the fact that doctor voss was lying dead on her hallway floor without a scratch on him .
you do nt know a thing .
what , like a butterfly effect kind of thing ?
as i watched him i saw that he was still attractive , as attractive as he had ever been , but was disturbed to sense something also repellent , not a thing which disgusted me or offended me but something which persuaded me that i wanted to be away .
i did nt know a thing about it , i swear .
its something of a perversion , to my way of thinking , the only thing art can bring is a dull contentment .
what you mean is there s no place for these things in your life !
its a commitment one has , an obligation , not a thing to be enjoyed . '
' summons ' sounded like a singular thing , but when she ripped open the envelope sheets of material came unfolding out .
the only thing he could see in the darkness was the white box pews that were closest to him .
we must nt lose faith , i know , mrs . revere sniffed , but not knowing if he s dead or alive is a very hard thing !
love was the only thing her father did not understand , so she had to believe it was the only thing he would not suspect .
love was the only thing her father did not understand , so she had to believe it was the only thing he would not suspect .
` ` i guess that 's the same thing really .
and rhen knew he had finally seen itthe thing that legends were made of , the unanswerable mystery .
the labyrinth of rayfort was the only thing standing in her way .
and the whole reading minds thing was a little creepy .
they must not have heard a thing , i realized in astonishment .
the whole mark thing was confusing and a little sad to me .
i do nt even know a thing about how you earned it , yet even i know that it does nt make you noble !
he does the same i guess they are really taking this whole chosen one thing very seriously !
i never brought the whole fake i d thing up to him , but he s definitely some type of underground rebel , which is just the type of man i need .
of course its a ridiculous thought because there s not a thing he would need from me , is there ?
maybe the very thing you re afraid of is what you have to embrace .
i should nt have put the whole thing in my mouth , its too dry .
last month she actually proposed that council should arrange more assemblies first thing in the morning because she does nt like her first period math teacher .
the police wo nt do a thing .
as i walk in , the first thing that greets me is the chit chatter of dozens of voices .
it came toward me at lightning speed , and then -- -- it passed harmlessly through me , without my feeling a thing .
i did nt feel a thing , which was great , but i easily get exhausted whenever i m in this weapon form .
in fact , it was the best thing i had tasted in my whole life .
the place was pitched dark , and i could nt barely see a thing .
officer warren furiously scribbled his notes as if he did nt want to miss a thing on what i said .
love is a precious thing .
the only thing that i saw was kens outline , moving faster in front of me .
i yelled at scar , the scream passing roughly my throat , followed by a sudden pain on my stomach , and the next thing i nowwas darkness .
the blue skies were the first thing i saw when i woke up , and i m lying on a soft , molded grass , with fresh air blowing around my face .
he was shouting something at me , but i could nt hear a thing over the sound of my own heartbeat ringing in my ears .
the only reason he told me a thing is because he knows that if you plan on succeeding in taking down the strangers , you ll need me .
and the only thing that i ve given you in return is doubt .
as she fell into my arms , completely uninhibited , i could tell that my confession was enough to convince her that the only thing i was hiding was the true nature of my feelings for her .
my only hope was that the suspect had not told him the one thing that could sway his allegiance .
` ` i do n't think it 's the same sort of thing at all , '' explained kristina ` ` is it ? ''
` ` i ' m afraid it 's a ' seeing is believing ' sort of thing . ''
his dad was never one to tell many stories , so he does nt know a single thing about his life in this small city or even how long he lived here .
your pathetic little moans i m sure would be the only thing they could hear .
in fact i have decided that my first priority to prepare for our new quest of having an impact on the world is to learn everything there is to know about computers , and that crazy internet thing .
ottawa was the furthest thing from their minds .
thale was the closest thing he had to a brother .
well , neither do i , susan revealed , this thing kinda flies itself .
it must be because its the only thing that makes sense .
school is the farthest thing from my mind right now .
the only thing you can give away is my fifth huldra gift .
the one thing we do have on them is the element of a surprise attack , anthony says .
so , i have to admit , i do nt know a thing about lightlfars .
the only thing we have on them , is that darklfars can not block our ability to warp time , skuld says .
the only thing sharper than that sword of yours is your tongue !
back on his first visit to the seer 's mountain , when he learned the possible fates of the dragon nations all things had turned to ash in his eyes .
one thing is clear , though .
can i show you one thing before you leave ?
they must have been so frightened all the time but i never suspected a thing .
there s no such thing as a geographical direction of north , south , east , or west because there are two resident crater villages .
he looked drawn and waxy , like a puppet of a dwarf rather than the real thing .
he could neither see , nor hear , nor feel a thing .
he half - wanted to ask about the root , and half - wanted not to know a thing about it .
chapter 5 the cloud cover remained , so when night time arrived we could not see a damn thing .
they could not do a thing .
i could nt see a damn thing .
you do nt know a goddamn thing about freedom .
the owner is a real asshole , would nt say a thing .
and there was only one thing my heart truly wanted .
i mean , like you ran away from me , for one thing .
oh , right the amnesia thing .
my intent was to use them primarily for sea battles , and no , i meanti was wondering more about this rade thing .
the next thing i saw was moving bodies in blurred motion .
chapter forty - one maggie you took me to total darkness i barely see a thing .
it was so dark i barely see a thing .
the only thing readable on this is the label of the organization its from .
other than my books and thousands of papers with a million and one ideas , there was nt a thing valuable in that house .
there is this one place , the guy does it so fast and professionally , you wo nt even feel a thing .
for years i have been accusing women of being nave for sticking with men who are not worth a thing , but this day , i have come to understand how they do it , when they do it and why they do it ; now that i have become one of them .
is this the ptsd thing ?
then the thing rey was missing occurred to him .
as brianna exited the premises , she said , there s no such thing as an md in psychology .
my dad taught me a thing or two .
what do you think about the whole zahra thing ?
she rubbed her face as if freshly waking up , you know , no wishing for the power to grant wishes or the power to give others power , that kind of thing .
but he did nt eat a thing , just pushed his food on the ground , staring at other people at other tables .
the only thing i knew was that a hunter had been killed .
his parents had tried to reason with him , explaining that there is no such thing as magic .
everything you can think of that is connected to this thing that you want , put them into your artwork , into your treasure map .
lets define some terms so were all talking about the same thing .
sean reached over and turned the bubbles back down , and the first thing he heard was jake suggesting a run on the kitchen .
` ` i could probably try to teach you a thing or two .
i could n't really be this ... this kinetic thing .
` ` i still do n't understand this vunjika thing . ''
i turned around in a circle but the only thing i could see was a small structure , distorted by the heat in the distance .
` ` the only thing i know about it is that it 's a temporary housing for first - gens . ''
the only thing left beyond the glass doors lining the walls were patchy spots on the linoleum where desks used to be and dust never touched .
the only thing beside the boat was a barren island .
* chapter 7 we always feel we have become enlightened when things are explained to us yet if they are only words then they are meaningless when we really face the world the desire i m probably making way too much of this name thing .
the only thing that makes me doubt this might be the room i m looking for is the fact that no ones been left on guard outside , which i d expected .
the last thing i noticed before i blacked out were shapes crowding around me and someone who sounded a lot like cale asking if i was all right .
it is , in fact , the first thing a vampire learns .
he does n't hear a thing once his hearing aid is turned off for the night . ''
the nurses did n't see a thing .
the only thing i find is a rolled - up iron chain under the cot .
cass and liam stood to the side , too shocked to react to a thing .
the craziest thing you ve done is having that side lusting thing with james .
the closest thing to a safe zone i had .
i hope joe , even though he s not on the team , shows me a thing or two about balls .
it sounded like a little brat who did nt understand a thing .
the whole fan exploding into pieces thing ?
knowledge is the only thing that separates you from life and death .
the whole turning - people - into - paper thing is an auto - defense mechanism .
the stricken did nt feel a thing when she ripped them apart anyways , so that made her feel a little better at least .
shock is a peculiar thing and , thankfully for harry , it numbed his initial reaction .
the only thing that seemed suspicious was the red mark on the wall map .
he was unwilling to place his brother in peril and laid out his plan as they dug into rehydrated rations shepherds pie followed by toffee sponge and custard ( both more like thick soup than the real thing ; and eaten from the bags they were supplied in ) .
the only thing he asked for in return for this character transformation was a way off the island and a passage to the civilised world .
well , i do n't really know how to explain it ... kind of like alternative medicine , herb healing ... . those type of things ... oh , yeah i understand .
the only thing she could do for her aunt was what she was already doing : hide the things that people like her mother would n't understand and that would only produce more unjustified opinions about her aunt .
and then we get comfortable and then death does something whilst we are up on these things ... are you sure you want to be on this thing when it snaps ?
the only thing you can negotiate is which part of you i get to eat first , he leered .
royden thought this was the greatest thing he ever heard of .
he could nt see a thing , it was too dark .
the multiverse is a very abstract thing .
ms . carol smiled kindly as though she had nt said a thing .
royden did nt feel a thing .
why , from the same place you ve learned so many things , of course : from olwen of the six hands .
she s jealous because you gave max the one thing she could never offer him .
we had complete knowledge of everything we thought through our time in wisdom part of the tree a few nights back but our day to day experiences allowed for things to keep being revealed .
their smiles proving they did n't witness a thing .
the crowds milling around at the art show do n't notice a thing .
sitting with these pictures is the closest thing i have to your dad . ''
i chew on rubbery eggs , not tasting a thing .
frank told me that on this day , you 'd arrive here and would n't remember a thing .
well have to be very careful , those boys wo nt miss a thing .
perhaps we could turn that thing down a bit ?
the only thing that sticks out is my busted lip .
my parents abandoned me as a child , and i was raised by my loving parents who do nt know a thing about magic .
the first thing that i see is a dark field .
a chemistry experiment is the best thing you ve ever tasted ?
ill trust you on the cornell thing you usually do take pretty good care of me , so why should i start doubting you now ?
the other students do nt know a thing about who infected them .
the first thing they came across was a stack of rubber cones they used for running agility drills when they were younger .
thank god , i did nt go back to the privett house ( that was where i served my time for the talbert thing ) .
i did nt say a thing , let him have some fun , i was pinched anyway .
now , now , gentlemen , this ai nt no thing , i can understand the concern .
he smiled at me , but did nt say a thing .
i could nt read a thing on his face , just a blank stare .
that door ai nt just entered my mind when i explained the heffe thing , that door has been a part of me for years .
it looked like a childs cap gun ; the only thing missing was the red tip .
i could nt see a damned thing .
the next thing i recall was waking up to the sun shining through the blinds of my apartment windows .
the next thing i recall is waking up again in the unknown room .
it was the most complicated thing i 'd ever seen in my life .
but that in no way implies there is no such thing as right or wrong , right thinking from bad , no correct solution to difficult problems .
it is a strange thing to explain .
it 's just that yelling at me is n't going to do a thing to make it better . ''
and every day after that , there was another small thing to be found .
it would help me if you could tell me some thing about my world that , well , is hard for you to understand .
amazing job ron , you do nt miss a thing .
i can not think of a thing .
well said ; yet still a man may know all these things severally , love , beauty , truth and freedom , and still not have the fruit of them all , by which he may enter avalon .
what is this fifth thing , and do you possess it ?
but as calibur painted , he knew that one thing was lacking : the image of rosa - ainnia in union with his own soul must result in something tangible .
for the greatest things exist also for the little , and even ducks , especially when raised by rosa , have a special place in the goddesss heart .
rachel taylor ( muse , writer ; fan of mists of avalon and richard bach ) i do find the thing as a whole very remarkable the wealth of detail , the extent of the imagined world , the concept in its totality .
that chinese gal sure was a pretty little thing , greenberg noted .
everyone called him martian , which i guess is where the marvin thing came from .
there s not one thing that exists in this world that is nt about making money .
eventually it developed to the point where they thought the soul - disintegration thing was contagious , like a disease .
that s a pretty deep thing to be trying to put across in some graffiti .
the main thing i had to remember was who i was .
free soup when a homeless man and a young girl go to a soup kitchen run by a ufo cult , they find out that there s really no such thing as free soup .
the only thing the cop remembered was the briefcase .
twenty - two stations , not a damn thing on .
first thing you need to realize is that you are not privy to all my information .
failure was a difficult thing to come to terms with .
the only thing i can think is that his ultimate goal is to reach the temple mount at el - khadim .
the only thing that stops me from joining them is my tired and season - worn bones .
if they treated it as such , no one should suspect a thing .
the only thing we do know for sure is that moses was planning to do something on that mountain , because in the biblical story he gets prepared to leave the israelites long before his supposed passing .
the swashbuckling hero of the little guy who could break into anything , take any data and get away , no one knowing a thing .
the only thing they took was a server i had running there which i used to send out movies .
its a basic thing in physics .
you do nt understand a thing .
you know as well as bob and i do , that there is no such thing as a parallel universe , really .
do nt ask ; its a very long story , and about the only thing i ever learnt in physics , said jason .
he realised bob had been dead right , about one thing at least ; they knew what they were looking for what information , at least .
the first thing i want to show you is how to control your appearance and clothes , you change more than a chameleon and frankly honey you sometimes leave nothing to the imagination .
daniel was listening intently to all she was saying , i could only reach what you were seeing , its the only thing that makes sense right now , for the past two nights i have been giving your mom a break and staying with you , hoping there would be a change in your condition and you would wake up .
some people say that the truth can set you free , but i think its a tricky and dangerous thing that can just as easily push you into a prison you can never escape from .
and while it was true that no one spoke of lots of things from those times things like gramma gracies murder and ritas suicide and even the reverends leaving for new guinea it was also true that none of them were the thing mentioned in the letter .
but heres the thing !
amalthea byersons going to be looking for a piece of your skin , for one thing !
i asked him at one point if he was going to make it and he started on about latissimus muscles or some such thing .
she obviously thought i was with her on the whole message from rita thing and i did nt have the energy to disabuse her .
a space thing , johnathon was saying flatly , as though identifying a splinter in his finger a wood thing .
but this thing .
the only thing after it was a black ribbon stamped with the words nothing matters : everything counts .
it was nt that i cared if he knew about the space thing .
it was the only thing you had nt thrown aside .
that s a thing we d all love to know !
the last thing we did was agree amongst us that we would remain mum about isak .
a second thing was the suggestion that i look in a mirror for the trouble - maker .
an you , ( meaning isak ) , makin them accusations at the hospital an then runnin off like some kinda evil spirit an you ( amalthea ) pushin it all along an , an , an this space thing comin down here like its some kinda judgement on sugar town an asael bringin back the dead or what - fuckin - ever .
her eyebrows arched , her shoulders rose and marybeth took a step closer , so as not to miss a thing .
i m tellin youse , those troubles had never a thing to do with my family !
i took the opportunity to tell him about hoggs false confession and to remind him that he himself was nt in the clear ; that he stole the knife that was used on rosemary , that amalthea had handed the knife in to sergeant morrow and that the only thing missing was a clue as to what his problem was .
a thing as un - reconstructable as the grand gourd .
that yer space thing , is it ?
me , though , she whispered , confidentially , i got this thing !
or was he saying , i wound up here and you wound up there and there was never a damn thing any of us could ve done to change that . ?
you said there was a second thing ?
when you discover this new thing , the contrast with your previously unsatisfying experience with religion will make you feel so good and so relieved .
tom pretended not to have heard a thing .
he got to the parking lot and imagined she had just retrieved her bag out from under the chair , and in her relief , would never notice a thing .
he s just starting out , i think were gon na see amazing things from him once he grows into this place , guys .
he s never early , he s always late ; first thing you learn is you ll always have to wait .
of all the things walter had just told tom , listening in on a phone call to his mother felt like the most intrusive thing he could witness , so tom looked away and thought of his conversation with own mother just yesterday .
the two were just tolerating him now , and he had not a thing to offer to their life .
you ever been on these pills they give me , these darvocets do nt do a damn thing do they ?
we do nt know that it will be a girl this time , just like we did nt know a thing about the baby last time .
no , you did nt say a thing about that .
last time you were in that rehab place and then i did nt hear a thing .
why , yes , i d been thinking of that very thing , a light to the whole harbor .
brute force has its place , but subtlety is a thing of beauty .
what was this about , you little cheeky thing ?
* * * the next thing eugeny remembered was the rising sun , which shined in his eyes .
its the sweetest thing in the world , its power !
i ve had these blackouts a couple of times , and i could nt remember a thing .
but the next thing i remember is you pulling me up from the floor and dragging me out of that horrible room .
he had blackouts and did nt remember a thing , but he remembered becoming frightened and then very angry just before the blackouts .
vadim took a deep breath and managed to calm down , love is the most beautiful thing in the world .
that , he said , is the silliest thing i ' ve ever heard .
instead , she told him the oddest thing .
its a glimpse of the divine , a very small appetizer but not the main course ; the real thing is something much more profound .
we are being pulled toward an attractor of novelty , the eschaton as he called it ; the final thing .
the whole thing left me stale but i tried to put on the best face possible and raised my glass for a toast- i wanted to keep all my cards on the table .
i could nt speak ; words were the farthest thing from me .
but she does nt know a thing .
so throw that free ride thing out right now .
you have pneumonia and it will take a day or two to get better so do n't worry about a thing .
so do n't say a thing about it to roger or robert .
chapter 23 mrs . givens did n't say a thing about robert inviting the two ladies to lunch .
we are prepared to go to court for you but i can honestly say that by the time the case would be resolved you would be out of school anyway the only real positive thing that would come out of it would be case law for the future .
something about the place and its yin and yang was influencing the reactions of the physical parts of the place with the movements of light and shadow , sounds , smells , movement , all these things gathering to make up those spirits and feelings he had to be there with them .
for a man to know himself , in the new sense , the divine voices must be a thing of the past , no longer necessary .
the only thing i will demand from you is your discretion .
the only thing i will demand from you is your discretionwhat does that even mean ?
i ve memorized every single thing about dornan ross and committed it to memory .
which is a wonderful thing to cling to amongst the madness i am drowning in .
or things like a grand building made of nothing but corn cobs , he thought .
maizeland had become a thing of beauty , a dusty brown testament to one mans vision and perseverance .
he wanted to show this new kid he knew a thing or two as well .
indeed , poncey tried on for size almost everything he could connect with elvis except the one thing that mattered : music .
never got a thing out of it .
what the officer did nt tell the poor guy was , not one of those mens lives left in the ground meant a damn thing .
still , he remained convinced that one day he would take a grand place in the scheme of things , and set about to serve that purpose by serving only his own ambitions .
` ` i changed my mind about the employment contract thing , '' responded blake .
my name is carlos ramon sanchez y vega and here is my story : abuelas warning was the farthest thing from my mind as three of my fellow students and i took a rare break at the start of our fourth year of medical school .
but there was one thing that family medicine in the country could nt offer that trauma medicine could and i was embarrassed to acknowledge it .
i do nt know a thing about sushi except that i d rather eat spent nuclear fuel rods .
the only thing that was missing in this highly sophisticated field of practice was an ongoing month to month or year to year relationship with patients and their families .
that left the whole gangtok thing as somewhat baffling , but but , teddie was open to learning more .
which brings me to the last thing .
she clearly lacked any sort of weird ability , and maybe she had felt a little left out when she had nt noticed a thing as teddie made her first successfully remembered obe .
then the only thing we do nt know about these two is exactly where they are at any given moment in time .
a crisis is a terrible thing to waste .
the white house was a thing of the past , but a vacationing president was not .
he was a stuart , if you know about that sort of thing .
heres the thing , ed .
as i told you at the old house , maybe that sensing thing is something that comes back after a while .
what is up , what is happening , how are you , that sort of thing , edward said .
as for the old man thing , you re not old .
our teacher wants to speak of another thing !
she tries to focus as he explains what all these things mean , but she only hears that her brain is showing low power and that their goal will be to shift her brain out of the twilight zone and into the thinking waves area , or maybe he said the dreaming waves .
she could nt remember a thing about it two minutes after it was over .
she does nt remember a thing .
he was not familiar with this akaesman thing , he claimed .
as for that other thing , that akaesman thing , i do nt know any doctors or lawyers to help you with that .
we need as complete a report as possible , the suffering you ve endured , the kind of difficulties you ve had , how akaesman has impaired your daily functioning , your ability to earn an income in your chosen profession , that sort of thing .
akaesman , by slowing the brain , making your vocabulary inaccessible , affecting your reading and verbal skills , and that sort of thing , can drop your iq by several points .
now this one shows us many things , and she explains how her brain wave patterns have changed on different points of her brain , representing different sections of her brain , how her coherence patterns have almost normalized , how problematic areas have been revived .
he wo nt remember a damn thing when its over , anyway .
there s not a thing we can do right now except play along .
i suspect the knowledge is not a religious thing but is maybe a merging of science and spirituality .
this destiny thing , and your prophecies , it all relates to the cycles , does nt it ?
and where did einstein ever get that time - space continuum thing ?
if we can dig out the secrets during regressions , we can package it on our own and skip the whole sanskrit and sheepskin thing .
i know with that string quartet music , you d think i could nt hear a thing .
what better thing could i do than learn about these things ?
how could a cute little young thing like her die ?
the only thing yanus told me was some wacky story about aliens and u.f.o.s .
` ` assuming everything you ' ve told me is true , '' deevers said , ` ` and these pissed - off pixies , or whatever they are , were the cause of all the problems we ' ve had here , there 's still one thing i do n't understand . ''
there was no such thing as an esrever .
the poor dear does n't have any family , and she ca n't remember a thing about her mysterious disappearance .
we can build the whole thing around the legend of owain .
though he had overlooked one thing , val reckoned .
i do nt do that sort of thing .
there s no such thing as a job for life any more .
never ate a thing but drank a good lunch .
i did nt see a thing .
millie realized she was missing one thing most of the cottages had ; a dock .
ned smiled , yes , my wife and i talked about that very thing .
the only thing left is the public hearing and the permits .
we have the whole thing .
why , a plane could crash right behind her , and she would nt have heard a thing .
she had nt eaten a thing since lunch period earlier in the day , and all she had from that point on were liquids , mostly water .
the only thing that has stopped me is that i ve encountered some trouble with the italian law in the past .
did nt mean a thing allison went into the shed .
you ve studied us and mimicked us , but there s one thing you fail to duplicate : our passion .
nick told me that he had his eye on the new estate manager at tallgarth house ; she was a pretty little thing , he would always say , but i think he was head over heels in love with her without ever telling her .
and who knows ; maybe when you re older , he can even teach you a thing or two about women , don miguel joked .
maybe the thing you need right now is a fling , said jan . cheri quickly nodded her head in agreement .
he d show her a thing or two she had nt learned in college .
and one day he d show anne mason a thing or two , starting with a little gift of a corpse .
the next thing you will notice is that the body of work is in the form of a journal as we inteded .
gentrification does n't mean a thing when you arrive here ; orifices ooze , blood pools .
the thing that i did n't have was a motive .
one could rest assured , though , that those eyes did not miss a thing .
entering on the ocean side , the only thing between africa and me was three thousand miles of open water and sharks .
` ` i do n't remember a thing about that part of the will . ''
i ve never asked for a single thing you ve given me .
for one thing , how will you support yourself ?
amazing , ava thought , never felt a thing .
the outline of the hills and mountains around me also seemed right , except there was n't a tree to be seenthough who really memorizes such things ?
but i could n't hear a thing .
not the sort of thing that usually stuck in his mind , that was n't .
he s asked me to find out who they ve been briefing recently , what sort of line they are taking , what press coverage they ve had over here , that sort of thing .
but weaver reckons even that can be achieved , if we play the constitutional cards right - things like dual citizenship , representation in both the uk parliament and in congress , that sort of thing .
but she had learnt a thing or two about bill clayton during idle chats over dinner , and the more she heard , the more she liked .
but we needed to know more about the man his background , life - style , possible links to ireland or libya that sort of thing .
once out of the city the driver managed to calm down and get on with his driving , and just for a moment , the only thing saul could hear was the strain of the worn out engine that had probably not been serviced for sixty thousand miles and the rear left wheel bearing that sounded as if it was about to collapse .
cal , richardson starts , the thing that separates agents of influence from social workers are , well , special abilities .
the most profound thing i can take away from it is that elena jimenez is , in some form or other , capable of love .
but it was quite another thing to know with certainty that a small body lay alive down there .
going to show michael jordan a thing or two was he ?
the only thing he sees is bloody bones , but his friend is still screaming .
last thing we need is for him to go wandering off again .
it does nt have a damn thing to do with you .
short of handcuffs and water boarding , there was nt a thing i could do to get him to stay put and keep talking .
i did nt really need to , though ; diggs always got that kind of thing .
the problem was , i could nt see a damned thing .
among the many things taught to him about the art , the chief seems to be most proud of one thing - the big lie .
i know , said harry , not worth making a thing about it though .
first thing we need is an i d , said david , after that the time of death and the cause .
i was getting a bit panicky , said george , just be careful with it .. its the real thing and has a terrific edge on it .
some bastard jumped me in the woods down by the paddock .. never heard a bloody thing .
when would be convenient for you , how s tomorrow morning first thing ?
therefore the only thing she does nt know is who is on the other end of the camera ... .. george or robbie , mused jen , bloody wonderful !
he 'd never sneaked out before , and he did not much like the rain.but then , his parents , the trouble he could get in , the pouring rain , the loud , booming thunder , the crashing lightning , it all meant nothing to him.the only thing that mattered to him was outside.the night ... that was what mattered to him .
and by the look on thelma 's face , he thought it safe to assume she was wondering the same thing .
you re not going to offer me a job , are you , because you know i do nt understand the first thing about science or whatever it is you do all day ?
just one thing we could nt really understand .
he had a low - level night vision infra - red torch and special night vision goggles , so he could see his way around quite well , and no - one else would see a thing .
the other thing you ll need is paperwork , so that you can close the case and put the file away .
this required a sort of unpressured interest , unobtrusive questions and the creation of a feeling that what they have to say is the most important thing you would hear all day .
it fits except for one strange thing .
the womens belt does nt mean a thing anymore .
casey chatted up a storm , telling artorius about his summer , the places he had visited , the girls he had met , and a bundle of other things , all of which sounded exaggerated .
` ` i wish they d teach you scholarship children a thing or two before they allowed you in .
* ` ` that only leaves one thing , '' lavina said as they drove towards the school to pick up cathy .
there was one thing i still found hard to fathom .
yes , adhan ` ` could '' be a thing of beauty he thought , except this muezzin started earlier than all the others in the city , often dropped or coughed loudly into the microphone during the call and his off - key cry to the faithful was certainly not a thing of beauty .
yes , adhan ` ` could '' be a thing of beauty he thought , except this muezzin started earlier than all the others in the city , often dropped or coughed loudly into the microphone during the call and his off - key cry to the faithful was certainly not a thing of beauty .
the only thing i know that stops all vehicles is a nuclear explosion .
the first thing to say is that it is nt clear to me why mr and mrs daniels should give you anything .
he took another breath , and said : the second thing i found was a newspaper cutting , which was either about somebody offering their psychic services or a good - news story about an avuncular stratford councillor going for a seat at city hall .
by the back door , i mean stick something in the building regulations , in the covenants , that kind of thing ?
he grimaced at the reference to his framing peyton , which was another thing i did nt understand .
one thing i am finding for you , only one , and ah !
yeah , i believe in ghosts now , and i do nt know the first thing about killing them .
i m going to take you to some of the most notoriously haunted places in all of san francisco , and i m going to show you things that have no other explanation than to be called paranormal .
aside from the moral aspects of the thing , are nt you interested in hocks as a a subject ?
actually , i did nt eat a thing , i reassured him .
hobson wo nt admit it , of course , but he s learned a thing or two from me .
surely this was the cause of all the distress , the thing that west had given to halsey ?
and far from being a dead thing of medieval times , it was practiced , both in the practical and spiritual sense , until quite recently .
to this body god has added a certain other thing of a heavenly nature , that of the life which exists in the body .
well , for one thing , he says that this certain other thing is of a heavenly nature .
but you want to know an odd thing ?
he smiled at me with such kindness that something broke within me , some jagged thing that had pressed on my heart since i had heard his terrible confession .
one for practice , then a second one after we ve learned a thing or two , so we can finally get it right .
he tripped over grassadoo , just enough to make me smile too and nearly forget that the name andre boudreau did nt mean a thing to me .
that had been the start of it and a string of affairs with the junior officers had started despite the dangers to their careers , as annabelle was very good at sex , a thing her puritan husband with his limited sexual experience had never realised .
no - one knows or suspects a thing , there is nothing that ca nt be achieved in this place and yet it seems i m the only one who knows ?
perhaps sending it is the very thing that got him murdered .
that is no little thing to know .
when i was old enough to grow curious about such things , i researched the past of this place , to find out what had gone on in our house after we were forced to abandon it .
this display of technology seemed to impress them more than any other thing .
the only thing i ca n't understand is why he never went there later , when he so obviously could have .
the biggest conspiracy of them all , right here in our hands , and nobody knows a thing about it .
slowly his eyes drifted shut , compelled to close by the dark room , the only thing allowing him to cling onto the waking world being a small beam of dusty light which managed to find a gap between the still drawn curtains .
he asked finally after michael was out of earshot , not only is it impossible , its been decreed that it would be forbidden even if it was possiblethis whole thing about permanently severing a person from their eternal soul , he clenched his fists and gritted his teeth .
i think lancer learnt a thing or two about his kin as well , although it surprises me to think that a century old seer such as him could still be so deeply shaken by new revelations to this day .
she writes fiction in more than one genre in a seemingly vain attempt to slow down her overactive brain enough to write non - fiction on subjects she knows a thing or two about .
do nt worry , you wo nt feel a thing .
the only thing we could n't figure out was which direction it might have taken . ''
tasks of great import are the very thing that tom horn do nt need these days , he said .
normally , that kind of thing would annoy me .
` ` love 's a funny thing , '' i told him .
i never suspected a thing .
i almost forgot about the whole tying up thing .
it was the scariest thing i 'd ever seen in my life , that smile .
it feels like you do n't even know i exist but you 're sitting right opposite me , we ' ve shared two weeks together , shared a bed , you ' ve seen every fucking thing of me there is to see .
it was the second sweetest thing i ' ve ever tasted .
a bullet to the back of the head , you would n't feel a thing . ''
but there was one thing no one knew about him .
the murders are also similar because none of the living murderers remember a thing .
mr . yancey says that he does nt remember a thing .
the last thing he heard was the two of them talking about taking him somewhere safe .
hell , they did nt ask a thing .
his games were animations , nothing else , they were nt real , anddylan thought , a poor substitute for the real thing .
but pain is a strange thing .
all was not lost , though.eloyhad taught him a thing or two .
he was a cute little thing , though .
even though he did nt know a thing about this real - life mae clark , it was hard not to think of her as more than a stranger .
is it true that people always remember every little thing about their first time ?
her bare body was the only thing she could recall that stole his attention in full .
i called this dude a few days ago to go over some details , and i could nt understand a damn thing he said .
freedom is a scary thing to possess , if you know what it means to you , tony runs his fingers through his hair .
i want to know who comes to visit him , when they leave , if they leave together , what time they get back , that sort of thing .
this thing you re working on now feels sketchy though .
that s the only thing ill miss -the paycheck .
the only other thing on the desk was a flyer listing all the events taking place in the los angeles area that week .
darrell did nt say a thing ; he just kept looking around nervously .
i did nt know a thing .
also , in looking at previous years tax records , there is a reference to the second property , the write - off for interest paid , maintenance , that sort of thing .
well i do nt know a damn thing about all this paperwork .
she s fine , asking how business was doing , that sort of thing , nothing special .
now why would you ask such a thing ?
i was invisible to my mom , but eric did nt miss a thing .
if there is such a thing like predictions , than free will does not exist .
because that is the thing .
the only thing that he confined to me is that he had asked some hackers to write for him some counter hacking tools , kind of stealth sensors .
and it would nt do a thing to relieve the pressure i now felt .
the whole thing just sounds too far - fetched to me .
not about the killing the president thing , but about the way we were going about it .
the only thing that made any sense , that connected the dots for me in a meaningful way , was the resistance i kept showing .
the only thing i lacked was an exit strategy for martin and i , some way to avoid the inevitable .
i did nt see his suv anywhere , but that did nt mean a thing .
ai nt no thing , he smiled .
i did nt need to say a thing .
even though most of it was in scientific terminology , the essence of the thing was horrifyingly clear .
and you re forgetting the most important thing .
it had been the last thing on his mind before he slept , and the first thing in his heart when he 'd woken .
i 'll help you find your brother , and i 'll help you put the gell mob back in their box , but i ca n't do a thing for you if you lose your nerve the moment we get outside your happy place .
honestly child , i do nt know how you got a place in this group , you do nt seem to understand the first thing about photography .
i ca n't miss a thing ! ''
` ` this stock option thing is fraud too .
` ` and another thing , '' larry said .
i just had trouble accepting her thing included chris .
the last thing i needed was for blue , tre , or kevin to get their hands on my private workout journal i d written notes about them , amongst other things .
she does nt know the first thing about me .
as long as he s been here , he s definitely learned a thing or two about people and their opinions .
laser chalks a thing of the past .
i had to give jennifer her credit ; her sketch was an exceptional mimic of the real thing .
music is a strange and magical thing , is nt it ?
listen , the baron said , and wooley tried to listen , but his ears were ringing and he could nt hear a goddamn thing but his own heart thudding in his chest and the blood thumping in his temples .
rousseau shrugged , as chenals comments were the least interesting thing he had ever heard .
the last thing we wanted was the flip to flop , so to speak .
the only thing interpol came back with was something he already knew , that the posts were coming from ip addresses which were in commercial internet booths from around the uk .
one curious thing we noticed under the clothing , which was still intact , was a body belt .
doug laughed and said , i m the furthest thing from those terrorist .
two problems : most of the thing was in his native tongue , and what i could read did n't tip his hand .
one thing was no mystery , though .
you want to take over an industry you do n't know the first thing about .
nobody at home knows the first thing about what 's going on in japan .
one thing , matsuo noda was no proponent of half measures .
dr . richardson and my new client matsuo noda had dni acquiring companies short on competent management and market share but long on research , innovationthe one thing we were still halfway good at .
that , and the ibm thing .
we were knee - deep in confrontations and we still did n't know a damned thing .
he found out how to get to me , and now he 's found out the one thing you care about . ''
show noda a thing or two . ''
better to forget the whole thing . ''
if he could get around their flight computer , he might just show the world a thing or two .
but the small - minded universe of departmental politics was the last thing he wanted in his life .
if somebody was using linear b , via ventris ' system , the thing would come out looking like an unintelligible string of numbers . ''
` ` my dear father , '' yuri used the affectionate russian diminutive , ` ` you may not have a damned thing to say about it .
the first thing he 'd focused on was something called the north quadrant , whose russian designation was komendant .
` ` do n't do a goddamn thing . ''
' their military intel told morton they do n't know a damned thing about it .
for one thing , it had their name all over itnot their style . ''
this waiting around was not accomplishing a damned thing .
though she still hardly knew a damned thing about him .
the only thing that surprised him was why this extortionfor that surely was what it washad been so long in coming .
` ` you did n't hear a damned thing , at least not from me .
and there 's not a damned thing anybody can do about it . ''
we 're about to teach them a thing or two about air supremacy . ''
i ca n't seem to see a damned thing . ''
for one thing , what are you going to sail in ? ''
you are also to remember that there is such a thing as right ashe .
which brings up that whole macys - gimbels thing .
that whole offshore tax haven thing .
i m more interested in that whole price on my head thing , jane confided with a touch of sarcasm .
she paused and said thoughtfully , well now , that last thing ?
course if they was bad hurt , you would nt hear a thing .
but first she wanted to find out the only thing that had n't been explained about the whole pitiful affair .
the only thing that interests you is watching football .
the only thing i need now is for you to start behaving like lance .
the only thing that was clear for him was that dr stark was firmly convinced that allan was n't suffering from split personality syndrome .
and the whole thing means nothing to me at all .
the only thing trevor could make out was that it came down to a battle between whites and blacks , which made helen 's insistence on keeping her name more interesting .
the only thing that was more or less clear was that there 'd been a battle of sorts in a shopping centre the previous afternoon , and that the fight had continued in different parts of the city .
but the only thing she knew for sure was that nobody would help her .
if they say the soul 's the most precious thing in the world , you 'd swallow it , because how could they do what they ' ve already done ?
where my ancestors had been diligent , i lacked any commitment to the detail of a thing .
the closest thing that i could hear to the cry of a gull surfing on the edge of the land was the habitual shout of the guard after i had showered .
the final thing that he brought in was a length of chain , maybe two metres long .
the one thing that our companionship did achieve was the restoration to us of the essence of being social creatures .
abans story reminded us just how fragile a thing a life is .
having a plan is such a simple thing , but it felt like a luxury .
so heres the thing , marwan , heres the deal .
how could they give me such a thing ?
here he was in a punk band with a singer who cut himself open on stage almost every night physically or emotionally or both and lurched about like a monster , and yet lyle was this fragile thing , like a dandelion caught in santa ana wind .
is there such a thing as sleeping olympics ?
i ca nt get leslie to read a thing except for those silly teenager magazines .
for one thing , you do nt listen .
the only thing i d love more then comics is for megan williams not to laugh at me for reading them what are you talking about ?
timmy knew in his heart something big and mysterious was ahead in the open patch of grass , but from where he was standing the only thing he could see was the thick tree branches right in front of his face so hard to tell what it is he whisper .
inside the hanger the saucer sat , right in front of them , they could touch it , but not understand a thing about it .
being in a comic books is the greatest thing he pictured himself answering while signing autographs .
sometimes the greatest thing a parent can give their child is freedom to fail .
this is fuckin typical , the fuckin oil company sending you off somewhere just a few months before i get out of high school and ill bet you did nt say a damned thing about it .
for one thing , we do not believe your heart will be in it .
something to do with the lamberth thing ?
failure was the thing that terrified him more than anything else .
so , you do nt know a thing about it then , she said .
i never regretted a thing about you .
like the act itself is this sacred thing , which it damn sure is .
bethy never said a thing .
you could say i know a thing or two about akane - sans musical background and being praised or scolded by her is something one should cherish or appreciate as constructive criticism , although in this case i had to do both .
so you knew more than only a thing or two about akanes musical background .
that line sounded oddly familiar to me , although i was sure she did nt mention a thing about my hair in the previous week .
our schools student council president was , effectively , the only person i knew who could sound like an arrogant spoiled child while saying i m sorry , be entirely aware of it and add a bit more of heat on purpose for both fun and strategic profit , if there is such a thing as her thinking of those two targets separately .
it probably does nt mean a thing to other people who do nt have a thing for collarbones , you know .
i could pride myself in not being a specialist of sorts , but not stupid enough to make the grossest beginner mistakes : catching up with her was nt necessary and for all effects it would be an undesirable outcome , as the only thing i wanted at the moment was to learn of her after - school activities .
as far as i was concerned , at first ayakas power caused potent hallucinations or altered reality using objects , but the moment she needed to fight it changed almost completely , even if you disregard the whole possession thing .
she tried to put a straight face and act rational , pretending it did nt hurt her when i knew for a fact that every little thing always did .
it strikes me as unreasonable when people prefer to believe that every little thing was already decided to begin with when such a thing not only denies the concept of free will , but is absurdly boring .
not several kinds of love like the ancient greek used to believe ; eros , storge , philia and agape are unnecessary names for the exact same thing , and that sort of conceptual mistake happens more often that you d think .
wanting to save the world does nt mean a thing , but killing one person or more does .
no , this is more of a conceptual thing i have strangers , acquaintances and colleagues , lovers and recently even band mates but no friends .
because eventually , every single thing will fade to us .
thing is , people seem to forget details and i think they are the most important thing , much more relevant than facts .
while they talked about my transformation on the go i realized my idea that ryo was entirely oblivious to girly things such as makeup was unfounded and made me realize she probably used it a lot more than i noticed , which made me happy because being ignorant to a girls effort in cosmetics was pretty much a guy thing .
let me say this once and for all : there is no such thing as a clean and easy time travel plot , under no circumstances .
lately i ve been getting this feeling quite a lot every little thing feels like build - up to something else , and its supposed to be huge .
like every single thing that ever happened , the events of that day were proven anti - climatic and dull when the hindsight bias was applied ; the historians fallacy made everything obvious and absolutely ridiculous to say the least , and to pinpoint the truth by hypothesizing after the results were known was nearly impossible because most things aside , the simple presence of time travel in a case blurs the lines between cause and effect beyond recognition .
still , even if it turns out to be an error in the long run , i have to do it now and probably wo nt regret a thing .
she had done something to him , and yet when he woke next to her this morning he had nt felt a thing .
now i realise that there was nt a damn thing i could have done to make us work .
if i was nt all hooked up i d get out of this bed and show him a thing or two .
our cheese burgers arrive and i am sure this is the most amazing thing i have ever put in my mouth .
april 4 , 2012 what do you do when their body tells you no , but your head screams in protest , to know that the sweet scent , of forbiddingness , is calling your name , you could never let it in , never let it win , but that 's so much easier said , then done , look in the mirror , and say that you are pure , that you ' ve always fought , i ' m willing to bet , you ca n't , or wo n't , give yourself the chance to say your body won out , over your mind , because while i ' m as honest as it comes , i can say that i have , but do n't feel bad about this , we 're called animals , with animalistic urges , for a reason , april 5 , 2012 the human mind , longs for connections , and asked to be loved , what is to be left , when we are deprived , of the emotions that we so wish to find , where does it leave us , when those who we wish , so much to have interaction with , leave us out in the cold , are we better , or worse people , for the lack of interaction , or is it all , just a mind game , made up to show us , that the world , is nothing more than a cold dark place , that we chose to see through our own eyes , april 6 , 2012 i was lost , in the shadows of a world , that asked not to know me , then you came along , and helped me learn , there is such a thing as love , and you helped me learn , that you do n't have to be perfect , to be somebody , because of you i am becoming a better person , every day , with you , i can do anything , without out you , i am nothing , april 7 , 2012 the sun is my motivator , my distraction , my contractor , it gives me hope , where there is none , gives me smiles , when i ' m down , gives me everything i need , to feel like something is being done , but at night , when the sun has gone away , the demons lurk in , to strip away the motivation , and i ca n't even move , that harnessed ability , to do nothing , sticks with me , while the sun is down , i can just hope , that i can make it til sunrise , april 8 , 2012 the book tells you to celebrate , and the calendar says that you should , get up , go to church , and celebrate the resurrection , but let me ask you a simple question , why ca n't we celebrate in our homes , in fact , if we are to follow the god of our choice , why does it have to be in the confines of a church , can you tell me that if i do n't go to church , and celebrate with your kind , that i ' m no better then you , can you say that makes sense , when your god , loved us all , am i the hellion you believe i am , you 'll never know , which i ' m fine with , because in my mind , i ' m as good as i need to be , and the fact that you want nothing more than to treat me bad , then that 's fine , because come the day , we 'll see who s the real one of the group , because truth be told , if i ' m not good enough in his eyes , then i ' m willing to bet money , that you re not either .
that feel , yes , that pleasure , most definitely , but then why , did i find myself , behind the desk , a pencil in my hand , wondering how it was , that these words , that i so magically create , keep me preoccupied , teach me about myself , and keep me from going crazy , those plot lines , that seem to spin themselves , why do i continue to abandon them , and leave them alone , in the dark spin , of my imagination , is it not a shock , that my love for these words , runs so deep , i would like to think not , but then again , you re the one who makes the call , sometimes the people still ask , where has the devil gone , and when will i pick up the pencil again , when will i spin those tales , of the forgotten magic , that i ' ve become accustomed , and the answer , is now , today is the day i pick it up , release the dragon from his cage , and let the world , and the words fly , gingerbread house the hallways to her heart are closed , cut off years ago , when she realized that no one was there to help her , she was alone , helpless , and sad , but no one came along , she wanted that journey , one final journey , one that would lead her to a promised land , and take her away from this world , that she 's come to hate , so she sets foot on the ground , her eyes unclear of where she 's headed , and she begins to walk , almost stumbling , hours come and go , and she grows tired , she comes upon a house , set back in the woods , the front was run down , the paint worn away , and the door hung from its hinges , she climbed the stairs , and noticed the dirty rocker , she sits down , and stares out into the road , from which she 'd just come , she feels at home , and does n't even know why , , she leaned back , and takes a nap , to recharge her batteries , the sunsets on the house , and she comes to , feeling more rested then she 's felt in years , the horrible memories she 'd had , from the past , are still there , but grows distant , she turns and realizes that this journey that she seeks , this escape she needs , is inside this house , she walks up to the door , and pushes it aside , the inside , is more beautiful than she ever imagined , she takes one step back , and notices that now the outside is just as beautiful , restored to its old luster , the paint is a brilliant white , the shutters are blue , and the door is the original wood , her eyes must be deceiving her she thinks , but she walks back through the door and notices in the front room , the beautiful chandelier is lit up to perfection , she looks around and notices on the table is a bottle of wine , why not it ca n't hurt , so she takes a glass and pours some , she wants to take a look around at the house , she notices the kitchen , a brilliant tile floor with stunning brown cabinets , she ca n't believe that this house is so beautiful , the real question though , is how did she find it , she takes a seat on the couch , it 's softer than it looks , and stretches out , she feels her body relaxing , her eyes close , but her mind does little to suppress the memories , every haunting vision comes back , and climbs into her head , she feels her body begin to convulse , and suddenly she hears voices , far away at first , but growing closer , and she realizes she 's moving , rolling it feels , on a bed , and she gently opens her eyes , to notice she 's under lights , she closes her eyes back , and lets herself wheel away , the lights around her are bright , and fields of flowers , she notices that there is a figure walking toward her , she ca n't make them out , then she hears a voice inside her head , this is n't where you need to be baby girl , you have so much left to do , so many things left to achieve , but in order to reach your ultimate goal , you need to wake up , memories , and life in general may be horrible , but you are so much better than anything , and anyone , no one can hold you down , only yourself , you are indeed an angel , but not here , not yet , you have much to do suddenly the vision goes black , she 's coming back she hears as the light re - enters her vision , she opens her eyes , and they 're crowded around her , one holding her hand , the doctor , has a worried look on his face , we almost lost you sweetheart .
now i 'll let the cart take you out , but as you go out , i want you to see one last part of me , the part that corroborates with my mind , my heart , and in case you ask , it 's this way , because i ' m broken , beaten and scared , it 's not something i ' m proud of , but it 's something i live with , i thank you to everyone whose still on board , and has lived through this past decade of demons , and ill promise you , there 's more to come , and now for the last part of my tour , i hope you have your flashlight ... bye bye now ... learning curve i slid the second story window open , and walked out onto the roof , the tin creaked under my feet , my jeans gently blowing in the cool wind , i feel the air touch the skin on my chest , i walk toward the edge , and sat down , i stared into sky , at the stars , i lay there , for hours , thinking over everything that had happened in the last month , i pulled a cigarette from my pocket , and lit it up , i felt the air pull into my lungs , a forbidden taste , only used in times of deep thought , and that 's what this was , it seemed like the entire game had changed , with two simple things , a touch , and a tug , and suddenly everything was open , i took another drag , and the images file back into my head , of you leaving , of you waving , and in my head , i knew that soon enough , i 'd be digging into your head , earlier tonight , that 's exactly what i did , but the place i purged into , is n't one i go to often , and never wan na go again , i let the blood out of my veins , and began asking questions about your past , hoping for your honesty , but at the same time , hoping that i would n't learn anything , i saw the look on your face , as the questions grew tougher , and i knew , as things went on , i did n't want the answers , i was seeking , but before i finally told you good night , i saw the look on your face , one that told me everything i 'd learned tonight , were things that you did n't want to tell me , so i kissed you goodnight , and now i ' m here , on my roof , running details over in my head , in the morning , i feel that a phone calls needs to be placed , and maybe i 'll tell you goodbye , and i ' m not what you wanted , what you needed , what you expected , in the morning , i will tell you goodbye , for one final time , the doubt laid to rest , as the puff of the cancer stick , disappears into the air , as i step back through the window , letting the doubt and feelings , lay on the tin roof , behind me bombshell the concrete playground was deserted and the shot in his stomach left him hurting , he knew what must be done , coming this far left a hole , that made him feel so old , would the coming pain linger , like a high note from a singer , where had his life gone , unsure of where to go next , he had the gun in his hand as he looked up at the duplex , did they care where he 'd been , he thought not , it was then he forgot , that he was alone , and screamed into the darkness , he knew what he had done , the man did n't ask for it , had n't been the target , it was all a set - up , left to make him wish , that the ditch , was the place that he called home , he had n't signed up for this , but in the end , was n't this his wish , to end the suffering of a country , but not with a shot , the events played , like a bad home movie on a cheap screen * * * * * * * * he was in the crowd , his ear bud popped , that was his sign , that the coast was clear and it was time , he focused , took a deep breath and walked forward , for years he wondered what this meeting would be like , ever since he was that little tike , when he 'd been forgotten , and left alone by the father who never wanted him , he walked on through the crowd , scanning for problems , finding only people with faces , that screamed with joy , was n't that this man 's real gift , to make people feel good , what about your son daddy , what about the boy from the hood , the one you left behind , to chase a dream , he walked faster , not wanting to cause a scene , and before he knew it he was face to face , with his father , that left him behind all those years ago , he reached up , put one in either guard , then one in the man in the middle , such shitty security detail , for a such a powerful man , he took off running , through the downed crowd , stepping over people and taking care , he took off running , that 's when he felt the pain , the bullet pierced his stomach and he almost went down , but he was determined , to not let himself fall , he got out of the park by the skin of his teeth , that 's where he laid low , they hunted and hunted , and found nothing but empty ground , they had n't given up , hell no , who would give up the hunt , for the man who had just killed the president , or dictator , guess it depended on how you looked at it , they had expanded the search , began looking at hospitals , he was sure of that , being in the barracks for the years he had , taught him how they would look , as soon as the coast was clear he set off for the boss woman 's house , when he arrived they patched him up , and when he came to it was dark out , he looked around and she was sitting , in the corner of the room looking over him adoringly , hello sweetheart , he waited before talking , raising himself up on one elbow , hello mom .
they loaded up and drove out toward the place rob called home , though in his mind it felt like the furthest thing from a home right now .
i wanted to be done , no questions , no more fights , just walking away , the only thing stopping me now is our bank account and that changes tomorrow .
it is a wondrous thing , revenge .
the first thing he would check would be their purchases .
the only thing that mattered was gabriel was not a whittingham .
and when you touch them , you wo n't feel a thing . ''
the only thing i found it possible to focus on now was the light ahead of us .
we need a boat to get across the river and even if we had one , we ca nt see a thing in the dark , anyway .
oh , and there was that little time running backwards thing .
the first thing he heard clearly in his mind was a name .
a banal thing .
if there is a thing that has really some absurdity is veder to blush of anger a ghost , yet italo became really red as a pepper !
possession the hands it is a marvelous thing , to touch the things and to feel indeed her , to feel under to her fingers rather than under to that hard calluses that we have under us dogs to the legs , it is indeed an unique feeling .
is nt it funny how some days a little thing like a phone call can completely change your day around ?
the only thing i m worried about is getting to work on time .
benny is certainly a handsome man , but that s the last thing that interests me .
the only thing you re missing is the lover .
i wo nt charge you a thing .
dm rolled his eyes and was about to say something when he was interrupted by hm , you are still serious about that peace talk thing ?
only thing that was different from peacetime were round the clock cap missions on respective bases , offensive deployment of assets still had n't happened .
even gasoline was flowing freely and the long line - ups that defined the nineties and early part of the 21st century seemed to be a thing of the past .
having a baby at fourteen would destroy their bright shining star and as with all things margaret felt a duty towards , she started putting a strategy into place .
this happens every time it enters me : i wake up and do n't recall a thing .
so you re saying that - that thing invaded your head and made you see those horrible things ?
you should ' ve been there , sara ; was really a thing of beauty .
the only thing we talked about was a change of scenery to someplace like minneapolis or denver , or some other city .
there s not a damn thing you can do about it , no matter how much you quote the bible and foam at the mouth . ''
` ` clendon , i do n't think there 's any thing such as a missing briefcase . ''
i have no doubt that they have a need for gifted craftsmen from the north to teach them a thing or two .
its not so easy to see the detail on these photos ; i d need to see the real thing , but even from these , its clear that this mans talent is nt only in his portraits .
they ll be pleased to relieve you of any valuables you have about your person and you wo nt even feel a thing .
the only thing he requires for his money is that they turn a blind eye to whatever he is doing .
its all linked with designing the best shoes , using the best materials , that sort of thing .
you know , the enormity of this thing is only now starting to hit me , sal .
a strange thing .
it was nt concealed and that way , they could nt do a damn thing about its being there .
i ' m quite sure you could teach fannie mae a thing or another .
what is the second thing you mentioned ?
can i show you to see if you got the same thing i have ?
the same people who d called him crazy to walk out on legal practice now spoke about him as a young man who knew a thing or two .
the lunchtime drinking sessions were a thing of the past .
he said he was certain that if such a thing as love existed , that was what he felt for amy .
the only thing that s stopping me is to know how you feel .
that made the whole phone thing ridiculous , of course .
look , mr khalid , how about we make that appointment for monday morning , first thing , in your office .
he thought antrobuss love must be a cold , square thing , formulated during cool spring mornings over herbal tea and a banana , and fashioned to a detail .
and i found out another thing about him .
then he went and drove to a burger place and bought a cheeseburger and a red bull and let these things drip pitifully through his digestive system .
ill bet even the commissioner and the mayor do nt know a thing about it .
i can tell you that she probably is fine and healthy , since i have nt heard anything to the contrary about that , and i have particular reason to believe her physical capabilities strength , reflexes , that kind of thing are undimmed .
maybe you should read the full thing .
the first thing that pops up is the good news- the kidnappers in yemen have agreed to a deal .
have n't they learned a thing during these months ? ''
` ` what is this special thing that you need me to read so quickly ?
this was a far as wilhelmina had gotten with what she thought of as foreseeable questions.-after that she could nt think of any thing else they might be able to answer with one or two taps.-after that shed just have to play it by ear.-she had no doubt , though , that they would communicate with her again.-sooner or later and she certainly hoped it would be sooner.-it would be necessary for her to go back to cloverleaf horse ranch shortly after lydias birthday party which would be at the end of the week.-if nothing happened before then , shed just have to get herself invited back again later .
i guess the only thing i really cared about was winning and proving myself as a fighter .
you do nt know the first thing about fighting .
i asked for one simple thing ...
the last thing he heard was another abrupt phone call brrr - anging into his home .
although the office was soundproofed and swept for electronic listening devices daily , he felt there was no such thing as too much privacy .
the next thing he noticed was her height .
the next thing was the light .
first thing to get clear , jac , is that the state of louisiana never kills anyone .
there s been some initial jac thought he should find his feet first , langfranc cut in ; the last thing jac needed was news of problems with durrant getting back to beaton .
well , billy , the first thing you re gon na have to know is everyones names roun here .
like i said first thing is that it arrived only fourteen minutes after i sent the samples , whereas i thought it d be twenty minutes or so .
oh , and for whatever it might help ill do a support letter to go along with the clemency plea : character reference , durrant making good with his self - education , that type of thing , along with the questionable ethics of executing someone who still does nt have possession of the faculties to know if their guilty or innocent maybe the first time that s happened .
probably would nt find out anything , but its the sort of thing that might just hit the final panic button with truelle .
the only thing seth had with him was the only thing that really mattered between the two of them and he gripped it with the fervor of a mother clutching her newborn baby .
the only thing seth had with him was the only thing that really mattered between the two of them and he gripped it with the fervor of a mother clutching her newborn baby .
` ` i do n't know a fucking thing about a fucking cab driver . ''
` ` you honestly think i know a single thing about artistic periods ? ''
` ` the whole double - cross thing ? ''
once you have given them what they want , you will not get a thing , simply because you know too much .
but what was even more unique , the unusual thing that he needed , was the pay phone inside .
fortunately , felix was nt in to recognize him , just a chesty young thing with a wedding ring , in too - tight jeans and a tee shirt , makeup over acne , probably the teen wife of a teen marine , making a few extra bucks .
a minute or so later he felt the faint stir of air that accompanied a door opening , but try as he might he did nt hear a thing until the hot pot in the kitchen started boiling .
and that leads to the third thing .
` ` i know that , jen , but they wo n't do anything unless it 's some sort of exchange they want ... ... .sort of me for them thing ... .. but they ca n't do that because i ' m the unknown just now and they know it .
` ` not a bloody thing , '' came the reply in his ear from o'rourke across the street , ` ` i ' m beginning to wonder if connie 's got it right . ''
` ` do n't do a thing , '' whispered robbie urgently , ` ` we need the other group here and we need them all in the building .
there were three of them , '' said robbie excitedly , ` ` never heard a bloody thing and all head shots at distance . ''
sai simon , lunica cosa che non capisco eil perche mangiate questi piccoli pezzi di pane quadrati invece di un panino , ( you know simon , the only thing i do nt understand is why australians eat these little square pieces of bread , instead of a bread roll ) , stated beppe looking bemused .
i never understood why he cheated on her , but then i ' ve never really understood that sort of thing .
and i do n't remember a thing , tracie added .
he complained about the apple which he had bought with the result that he missed his flight home to stockholm > overnighted at an airport hotel where he got help booking a new flight via frankfurt > a storm concentrated in frankfurt marooned my father again > pissed off he went into the town > got drunk at the nearest bierstube > got into an intense argument about the origin of the letter c in latin of all things > woke up at frankfurt hauptbahnhof > took the train home to sweden > few weeks later , he sat in his office ( he was a graduate student then ) and wondered what type of beer he had drunk in frankfurt > when he did nt remember , he went to the pub tudor arms on stermalm ( which had many beers ) > after having plowed through the range , he found nothing > when he was about to go there was a football match in the europe championship on between west germany and spain , and he stayed because he wanted to see the germans lose > to the game a party of four arrived who sat next to my father .
and the only thing that 's there , besides low medieval houses , is the piazza del campo with its annual palio horse race , and of course the cathedral .
the only thing i care about now is to get to the theatre .
and the great thing was that no - one would suspect a thing .
my presentation went well and the chairman 's only just finished wrapping the whole thing up .
their friendship went back to school days and the rugby field , which for teddy made it a sacred thing .
the money itself is not the most important thing you understand .
that was one more obvious thing she had missed .
many believe that you have to cut off a finger or something like that but the only thing you really need is a sample , take pictures of it , fix it up a bit in photoshop , print on transparency paper , run it with a little glue .
okay , i get the thing .
yin will be able to give you that very thing . ''
` ` then show me the next thing , '' she continued , now annoyed .
he d never seen that bird do a thing except poop in his cage .
dani made her complaint that kalpenski had sexually assaulted her first thing the following morning .
and at home shed paced like a caged lion , turning over each and every possibility in her mind , and had been impossible with allison the weekend shed stayed over , shouting at her for the smallest thing .
but i think that the main thing they had was a mutual respect for one another , so they stayed out of each others way .
and today he could nt remember a thing about it .
we did nt find a thing on top but boy , the soles told us a lot .
the real thing like ?
the first thing the visitors came upon was a large stretch of flowing green grass that grazed the sides of a small two foot cliff which itself skimmed the side of the water .
every little thing excited me !
so what about the dallas thing ?
but when norrah and i debated which of us should put this thing into words , her persistency in it being me won her the day .
no such thing as a free lunch , madam .
the whole thing is worth reading , but i guess the new testament is a good place to start .
probably the same thing everyone wants : answers .
to them my newfound interest in the bible and god was the closest thing to a guarantee that i d grow up all right , as good christian boys tend to do .
but , if you keep your eyes open , you will also learn a thing or two .
i know a thing or two about how people make good on bad situations .
long as there s a university around , ai nt no such thing as a dive anymore .
i did nt learn a damn thing from watching you .
it could nt have been too hard for you to crack the code , you know a thing or two about sending anonymous letters maliks fingers curled into fists .
josh had no idea what the thing was that they wanted in paris , but kept his mouth shut .
the one thing he had shared with tom , and that tom had grown to love , was the study of history .
did nt know the first thing about who would be occupying this office until yesterday , just that someone would be coming in .
the graft and corruption aside , the thing makes absolutely no sense at all .
no , i do nt know the first thing about her .
under the weight of her groceries , she made it back to her building without dropping a single thing .
the next morning she did nt remember a thing .
one thing david winthorpe was right about was she hated not knowing things , and she wanted to know what happened to sheila .
and from time to time , an extra payment with specific instructions with respect to his education , childhood development , that sort of thing .
the first thing he saw was a dot matrix printout on large format greenbar paper .
` ` you mean like identical vertical halves of the body , that sort of thing ? ''
abby and i will be just fine while you 're gone , don'cha worry about a thing . ''
actually yes , i know just the thing .
in fact , in a few days the only thing that will tie you and i together in any way at all , are these keys .
gatsbys identity , like his past , is a made - up thing , but while he lives he conducts himself as though nothing in the whole world was more real .
it took me a few minutes to realize the most obvious thing of all the words i had created from the numbers simply had to be read in reverse order , from the bottom line upwards .
when chris and i took charge of this place six years ago it was one of the first things we had to get used to .
the only thing she did nt open was the file box containing the forms .
one thing that had awed jack when he had first fired the barrett was that you could actually see the round as it traveled downrange .
the only thing that separated what he had done from murder was a signature on a piece of paper .
he s not accomplishing a damn thing doing this .
after my dessert , the last thing i remembered was julie andrews singing that god - awful tune about a deer , and then i never woke up until two hours later .
the last thing i thought of was how jason was going to react once he woke up in the morning , unless the putrid stench of hopper 's urine did n't wake him up before that in the middle of the night .
he threw his hands up in the air and confessed , ` ` i never heard a thing .
throughout my narrative he interspersed in timely places , asking astute questions and clarifying things within his own mind .
i am not referring to what most people know as scottish dancing , the sort of urban equivalent to morris dancing , but the genuine thing : raw , unrestrained and energetic and unfortunately nowadays , rarely seen .
every little thing has to be explained to him time and time again .
i have nt heard a thing from him since .
he could have taken a sample from just about any organ within the body and you would never have noticed a thing .
the only witnesses would be too drunk to remember a thing .
she never forgot a thing either .
* * * david did n't suspect a thing when his wife appeared by the bed with a cup of coffee and a large cooked breakfast .
it 'll cost you a fortune , and wo n't gain you a thing .
the next thing that shot into her head was ; were they friendly voices ?
but the strangest thing to him was the outside wc .
suddenly he stopped and put his finger to his lips to indicate that she should not move or say a thing .
with albert there was no such thing as play .
no one in the room could understand a thing as the conversation was in german .
the next thing she could remember was the aroma of cooking bacon burger , a smell she would never forget .
honour was a thing deny admired most in anyone .
there s no such thing as absolute trust , because we ca nt even trust our selves , in one sense .
the only thing they understand is war .
if i m not , the only thing ill be left with after they ve finished circumcising me will be my foreskin .
its about the only thing that might save my bacon : who s gon na give a monkeys about one dead copper when the germans start dropping bombs on london .
the last thing he remembered was his lonely shouting at the night sky .
he chuckled to himself slightly when he realised he had considered there was such a thing as ' normal time travel ' .
you 're the closest thing the police have to a suspect .
it is very complicated , and the whole thing would take a long time to explain properly .
jake knew a thing or two about police organisation , including the knowledge that a small section of the criminal investigation department ( cid ) was given over to the special branch to counter terrorism , and mostly to provide security from attacks .
she s extremely bella , but i do nt feel a thing .
i just did nt feel a thing .
only thing we ve found so far is a convention wednesdayit seems likely even though i do nt understand it .
` ` education is a wonderful thing ms .
must have been late , nobody saw a thing .
i had been caught totally off guard , someone out there must have been following me around , without my suspecting a thing ; not a good feeling , especially since i was trained to ' expect - and - detect ' such possibilities .
she left us eyeing each other warily over the remains of the day ; a stale thing between us .
knowing you , frank , the first thing is why do you say ' so i ' ve been told ' , by whom , frank ?
i watched my child crumble and i had n't been able to do a damn thing to stop it .
the only valuable thing i have are my trials .
this guy was a little ' too much ' -- he had been working for one research team while sleeping with the leader of the other , that way he was sure not to miss a thing .
` ` the only thing i ca n't figure is if they stole stacey 's formula , why are n't they using it ? ''
i guarantee that every thing will be perfectly in order .
` ` this is the most ridiculous thing i ' ve ever heard , frank , this is what they were looking for , what they killed stacey for and nina has unwittingly delivered it to their doorstep ... tell me , what are your thoughts ? ''
although jo agreed with amy and charlie , she did nt say a thing .
she was a tough little thing .
or if , in modern terms , he was subverting heteronormative gender paradigms or some such thing .
she flushed with pleasure , dropping her eyes , and i realized how important such a small thing as a compliment could be to her .
and yeah , i know , the whole burning - bed thing , i waved off the suggestion forming on his lips , but i do nt see it with carrie .
it was probably inspirational , uplifting even , but i spaced the whole thing , instead pondering if i was about to be arrested for waynes murder and whether prison orange would make my skin look sallow .
marshall was righther vacation had nt done a thing for her attitude .
unfortunately , i was entirely without such a fine thing as a plan banother quality control issueso while marshall puttered in the kitchen , i retired to the thinking place to see if i could figure something out .
so billy murder is that thing you aspire for .
i m always on alert , have nt forgotten a thing , said trynnadon .
i could nt feel a thing at the moment .
` ` did n't see a damn thing . ''
the only thing i do n't know is how you 're involved . ''
harris does n't have a damn thing on me other than what griffin said to him . ''
the only thing that eddie knew was that the train was going north , and if at all possible , he would make a few more changes to mix up his trail .
` ` well that 's the thing , after he finished telling me he knew nothing about the cannabis the girl was holding , he told me he had already spoken too you that night .
the only other thing was she said he got the cannabis from an old warehouse building down by the wharf area ; there was a big padlock on the door locking it from the outside .
the cell phone was such an impersonal thing , he realised he needed to confront her in person , too see her face when she started telling the lies that she thought would extricate her from the situation .
the last thing i remember is feeling the bones in my face break , my cheeks and nose crushed under the weight of his fist .
the only thing the uniform has brought me mother is misery .
they do nt know a thing about the actual mission ; they just fly the plane along a planned route .
well a transponder code is the same sort of thing .
maybe this was the sort of thing a redneck baby might hear in the womb of its redneck mama any night of the week as she worked the brass pole atpoppers .
funniest damn thing i ' ve heard in weeks . ''
but i think the thing that scared me the most , the thing that was really messing with my mind , was looking down past my feet and seeing all that lava .
and , it do n't matter if i did nt believe him when he said you had that , uh , sleep thing , you know .
early on , it had become clear to my travel companion i did nt know the first thing about driving a rig .
i m thinking you should probably put this mentor thing to bed before , you know , you and me decide on any sort of vocational adjustments .
according to my college transcript -- and the only thing i know about most of those years i got from the transcripts -- i had jepson both semesters on my sophomore year .
or maybe , one drunken night , the occupants had taken in a stray and fed the dog the only thing they had .
you could watch the piece if we had an open computer but you ll get the same thing from that .
the only thing that eludes them ?
the last thing i remember were the voices of several people who d found front row seats for that days building collapse , and who were now pulling me from the hotels roof top pool .
the first thing that caught his eye was a stiff white envelope , embossed with the raf logo .
that does n't mean a thing .
be careful , they should not suspect a thing , now hurry up .
there in front of them was the wicked bitch herself who headed the national security administration which employed one hundred and fifty thousand people and seemed powerless to do a thing to stop the shootings .
he never told me a thing about this , robert said .
the thing that is obvious about them is that the people taking them are biased on one side of the issue .
you ve got the real thing this time , your eminence and this time his smile disappeared and his voice was filled with sincerity , i m on to you .
logic is a cold thing , fin , but compelling nonetheless .
the most creepy thing , i said , was that raven .
s had said he had an important meeting in the cabinet office first thing , but had nt left an agenda or anything , so she did nt know what papers he might need .
ten minutes ago , he thought about an hour , replied gladys , entering into the spirit of the thing .
and i ve got a dodgy arm and lots wrong with my plumbing lungs , stomach , that sort of thing .
the only thing that makes sense is that i need to get paid .
one day he told her that soon she would be moved , that she would make a trip with him and that if she tried to do anything stupid during the course of this trip she would be the recipient of horrible things , things so horrible that she could nt even imagine them grey cliff , area two : ralph carefully considered who he most wanted to skin .
shawn stated quickly , i m a member of a powerful underground organization , i d say former member but there is no such thing as a former member of the jeffersonian elites .
i turned my head as if i was not seeing an image but the real thing through my eyelids , but the face was there whichever way i turned .
i hoped it would be the first thing i became aware of when i woke each morning .
mcclintock , who knew a thing or two about being involved in clandestine activities in enemy territory , had repeatedly tried to drill into hassan 's head that it was alright to walk away from the mission at that point .
i just ca n't make sense of it , and i think it is just the kind of thing that mr . kempner was referring to when he was saying that you can find something odd about anything .
and as for the sick , there s no such thing as a free lunch .
he just turned his back and he too began to feign sleep , until the pretence of sleep was superseded by the real thing .
he would not have felt a thing .
they were very sure that he did nt remember a thing .
the boys expression was too open and honest and he had obviously never heard of any such thing as a poker face .
it was a blessing in disguise that she had forgotten the one thing at the hospital that she would need .
they held the one thing that they all knew beyond a shadow of a doubt would bring raine to his knees .
that explained all but one very important thing .
the softest thing about ben is his teeth , rick had once said .
its the closest thing i can see to a reason for what s happened , said ben .
i was there and could nt do a thing about it .
most of them did nt understand the first thing about the conflict ; but amongst the afrikaners it did not matter .
the only thing i m worried about is the after - blast of the rocket .
i do nt think hell feel a thing for weeks .
you look like you know a thing or two about quantum mechanics .
the only thing i got to worry about , he punched a key on the old fashioned cash register , which opened with a loud ka - ching , is un - organized crime .
or maybe there s something to that whole nine lives thing .
the other thing she was hearing as they approached the elevator was the muffled sound of phones ringing up and down the hallway from behind closed doors .
tonight , the only thing i examined was my reflection in the mirror .
she was the closest thing any of us had to a mother , but i felt disconnected from her .
when he caught me looking at him he nodded his head excitedly at me , like some sort of encouragement for me to agree with him that this was the most fascinating thing i had ever learned .
perhaps , together , we can figure out the one thing our dear friend joshua has not been able to figure out .
in truth , neither really knew a thing about the world , or how hard it was to be in itaway from the nest and all the protection being a minor living at home brought with it .
after the dishes and pans were all packed , the only thing left was the food in the pantry .
she was a pretty young thing , petite , gorgeous .
if the gun goes off , you wo nt feel a thing .
he was more accepting of this than she was , probably because of the sheer inevitability of the situation and the fact that there was nt a damn thing he could do about it .
she wanted to see these things , visit these places , experience these things but she wanted to do them with him .
yes , the places were ticked off the list , but she felt no sense of achievement because she had nt experienced these things with the man she loved .
the only thing i do nt know is how long it will take .
do nt mention the bribe thing to anybody for a while .
i ca nt figure out this whole diamond thing .
no one knew a thing .
cole never understood the meaning of no such thing as a free lunch .
me , i m not a big reader , except stock reports , did i mention that is my passion , so i m probably not one to understand the novel thing , but i guess its a good sidetrack from her occupation as an rn at a busy ob / gyn office .
i wanted to ask you maybe once you re done if you would nt mind talking to everyone upstairs and letting them know its safe , you know about the whole liquid thing .
at least during my shift i 'll be on i40 , so the only thing i have to worry about is driving straight .
did n't have a damn thing to hide .
the one thing i do nt see in your eyes is brakes .
the bartender did not show any immediate reaction , though as he rounded up the pouring , he said , you re right about one thing at least .
he took out a smith and wesson revolver , wanting that to be the first thing hope saw as he pulled himself together again .
that s another thing may has had me give up .
there were more rocky outcrops , towering oaks , berry bushes and wild summer flowers - or perhaps it was merely that people bestirred by affection noticed these things more .
the one thing these glamorous lodgings lacks is a telephone .
i look over and see the rest of the washington sink underwater , the only thing we can see now is the top of the pilot house .
i almost lost a bag of wafers off the side and as karen would say it is probably the only thing that i would jump overboard for .
only thing we have to worry about is if they head back out for more fishingbut they should stay put for a while .
i get to the top and the first thing i feel is pounding cold rain and a wind blowing across my body , i feel like its going to blow my head off .
i think the only thing i m missing is my head .
just because i worked in banking my entire life , does nt mean i do nt know a thing or two about peoples natures .
the penciled brows did nt do a thing for me , but one look in her intelligent eyes told me that it had nt been appearance alone that once had suitors lined up around the block .
the only thing i d noticed was a lot of pink .
surprise me , i said with a smile to the sweet young thing taking our orders .
i fingered the trinkets that i d spent a few weeks salary on realizing how cheesy they were when put next to the real thing .
there s no such thing as unsolvable .
ok so i kind of understand the mining thing , but if you are nt a miner how do you get the coins ?
i mean , i am not new to the underworld and all things black - market , but this whole thing was making my mind go all fuzzy .
nope , the list is a lot like the bitcoins themselves , its a virtual thing .
the eyes were the scouts for the soul , i believed that , and although i had talked about that sort of thing before , it had never felt as clairvoyant .
is there such a thing as a greek mafia ?
from the first time he had seen rosie he had thought her the most beautiful thing in the world , she had lovely honey coloured skin , and eyes like glowing coals , dark and deep .
we need to know who mark bennet was , who else he knew and met , where you went , all that sort of thing ?
so why remove everything , not only her things but every last thing that had been his ?
in addition to there is one more thing i want to ask you , it is only a request .
she was a pretty little thing , and obviously very popular .
if that is n't just the sweetest little thing i ' ve ever seen .
not only do we want a good guide , but we want one who knows a thing or two about snakes .
derrick is a zoologist and knows a thing or two about animals .
she started telling me things about my country as soon as i set eyes on her .
derrick interjects , she was one of those people , the kind you ca nt teach a thing to , they know everything there is to know about everything .
it did nt have a thing to do with social inadequacies , he continued .
she could nt have known about scott , because when they were having their first date he did nt know a thing about what was happening with scott .
would it have changed a thing ?
he could nt see a goddamn thing .
cliff had called it colonel cuddles , but jason could nt see a single thing about it that qualified as cuddly .
he suddenly remembered that lucy had discovered the same thing ; but shed found the shovel in the second stall .
albert horn wondered how much kyle had researched this thing on his own .
kahn had developed a hard - on about the whole st . patricks package thing , and he was nt wrong to do so , but sometimes after a guy crosses a line like that he does his best work .
if the bomb detonated , they d become shrapnel that would cut him to ribbons , but he consoled himself with the notion that he d be dead before he felt a thing .
although this whole honesty thing is totally new for me .
the sense of their co - operation a thing of the past .
you feel as if every single thing that was true about you has disappeared , and you re just you .
but the whole mandatory individualization thing makes a little more sense , alex said .
the next thing she remembered was being carried by raz through a room of people .
yesone more thing we have in common , he said .
another thing she could nt do a damn thing about .
well , i - i found one little thing .
nobodyll know a thing about it unless you need to use it .
they let me go to the cabin to gather his things since i was the closest thing he had to family .
not giving me a thing , not a solitary thing . ''
not giving me a thing , not a solitary thing . ''
i have n't heard a thing until you told me you were here .
the ministry was the only thing i knew ; it was the basis of my identity .
i still did nt know a thing about her except that i was madly in love with this person , if she was who i thought she was , my woman i could respond to .
what with me it was a little bit this unreality thing .
the only definite thing , on which he could rely , was the promise of automatic weapons .
in exchange , i offer the only thing i possess as a beggar of your goodness , my broken heart .
you would think i would notice such a thing .
ted and veronica both laughed together before ted continued , he is also struggling with becoming a protestant , but i was in the cottage when gus was talking to him and in the way that only gus can , he told him that denominations and dogma were meaningless ; the only thing that matters is that you love god , love truth and serve both fearfully .
-- -- - the last thing he remembered was closing the gate .
music was to me , from that moment on , the root of all things .
` ` i know things about that conference that would turn em green ... '' elizabeth said .
i asked , wondering if this was some sort of parisian slang for the first thing that i had thought of .
the only thing you ll have is a hard time covering your ass for violating department procedures .
the last thing i wanted was to discuss the two iad blowhards assigned to my case with jimmy the rat .
the only thing gloria stallings appeared to share with cassie were her blue eyes , but hers were hollow and lifeless .
ego is an amazing thing .
you ve kept me busy all day and i ve hardly eaten a thing .
my shoulder felt incredibly stiff but i found that i could nt feel a thing .
the only thing is '' ` ` you do n't trust the whole team , '' jake interjected .
he dug his fingernails into his palm but did nt feel a thing .
just like that whole weapons of mass destruction thing from iraq about eight years ago came directly from the white house , or the government bailouts came directly from the white house ?
the screams continued , but he did nt hear a thing .
but he does nt know a damn thing , not even about his partner , melendez .
he never informed me of a damn thing .
how could harkin be sent to me without knowing a damn thing about his partner , melendez ?
i swear , i do nt know a thing .
we do nt know who he is , and not a damn thing about why he s being hunted , and killed .
when people turned into undead , bloodsucking beasts because of things you did , a little thing like laughter did nt bother you so much .
when the grenade exploded , it sounded like a cannon , and the last thing she registered before the sky spun in a giddy cartwheel was a pink froth of foam bubbling from her nostrils .
francis is an unusual child in some ways and his mother used to claim he had a sixth sense , but neither cosmo nor i want to encourage that kind of thing .
storm might not have the looks or personality to play carmen , but she did have a stronger singing voice than mine , and she knew a lot about music while i knew hardly a thing .
that s another thing , i said .
the only thing even vaguely out of place was a small brown feather on the windowsill .
' that 's the damndest thing , ' chalmers said .
he did nt know a thing about music or instruments .
glad to help , but no , its free to everyone , so i could nt charge you a thing .
i could just kick her out and say i do nt know a thing .
if this nil thing is what you say it is , i would love to snub my nose at washington with it .
you tell em you do nt know a thing about her .
oh , and another thing that you wo nt find in what i sent you .
and i have another little thing here .
the only thing that became clear is that the floor was n't marble , but covered with old parquet .
the only thing that remains from them now is the family name and the family nest .
now , there 's just one thing left ... she put the paper in the bag and went out .
the inescapable truth is the only thing that matters .
* * * * * the next thing to think about was communication .
it was nt the most original thing but i needed a line to get me started .
i do nt have to prove a damn thing to you .
this square pile of exhausted bricks with cylindrical joints was the only thing i could see around me .
the first thing i thought was that i needed to mend my ways with such an influential man .
the tricky thing so far in this case was not knowing what fell into that category .
i could n't see a blamed thing .
we did n't say a thing , but there was an ease between us that felt oddly natural , like i knew him all my life .
i could n't think of a response , so i did n't say a thing .
the first thing was a surprise .
the only thing that was certain was joran hausens interest in the cello painting .
her approach was clearly meant as encouragement , but teaching was the farthest thing from his mind .
the only thing they did know for sure was that redding was keeping a larger percentage for himself .
i was about as involved as you could get , and nobody knew a thing .
well of course that s the first thing that would be thrown at you if you dared disagree .
someone told him once that the thing that women desire more than anything else was security ; both physically and financially .
if she were trying to score points , shed dig up that kind of thing over , say , a delicious coffee beverage while commiserating about a vandalized car .
# scenebreak the next thing i remember ?
that thing we did nt talk about ?
an amazing week of friendship crashed down around my ears , and there was nt a damn thing i could do to prevent it .
dude had the whole brooding thing nailed .
the only thing they had nt removed was the charm around his wrist meant to ensure that girls found him irresistible , fat lot of good it d done him .
` ` did n't have a thing in the world left for y' all to do no how . ''
` ` shy little thing , ai n't she ? ''
did n't leave out a thing i could tell .
he knew his car symbolized money ; the one thing they craved , above all else .
* * * after sheila had left , george made it clear that his friendship with frank was dead , and the company the only thing they now had in common .
she truly is a thing of beauty , lying there in a silk gown with her long hair cascading on the side of the lounger .
the only thing i need from you is answers to my questions .
technology is a beautiful thing .
the only thing he found in the car that day was three distinct sets of clothes in three individual piles .
the next thing she remembers is waking with tremendous pain coming especially from her hands .
the next thing i heard were feet running down the station steps .
the next thing i remember is hearing screams approaching .
i do nt see a thing except that the ground looks to be free of any craters .
the last thing i remember before peacefully passing out is the words , to hell with you !
the only thing left is a little matter of having enough money to live on till you leave .
i do n't see a thing . ''
the only thing they want from us at this point , is the patients chart.the police already have a signed release from the family.i assume that all the charts are up to inspection quality .
michelle carried the paper back inside and lay it out by the coffee maker so that it would be the first thing charles would see when he woke up on this glorious sunday .
the main thing we have to look for , '' paul interjected , is any link between the doctors activities and this company .
* * * * * * * * * * * michelle roman signed the last page of the mini novel that made up the thick divorce packet.she had never read so many wherefores and here ins.the whole thing was gibberish to her , but she knew what the bottom line was.she was free of her biggest past mistake .
` ` i think new realism was the furthest thing from lang 's mind .
no one seems to know a thing about them , except they also claimed credit for that us embassy bomb back in april .
she did nt know a damn thing about cars .
he learns all sorts of things about his father ( we finally find out what s in that lock box ) and that the apple has nt fallen all that far from the tree .
the first thing here , an mm-1 you really want an mm-1 ?
the only thing she had was the assurance that all would be returned when questioning was done .
she told me that the first thing she heard was the racking cough that spurted from the lungs of her mother .
you wo nt feel a thing .
i wanted to tell you during christmas break , but we were side tracked by this whole benefactor thing .
her father disappeared before she was born , and the only thing they know about him was that he was in the u.s . navy , so that became her name .
sometimes the only thing to fear is fearlessness .
i guess because he had just told us the story of isis and osiris , the first thing i saw was a huge egyptian obelisk .
they are working with a kind of egyptian theme , symbol of isis , story of osiris , that kind of thing .
when i packed the wine and cheese , the only other thing i saw in the bag was dirty laundry .
and he was saying that they d reward me , that s where i got the money thing from , he was saying help us out and ill reward you but he was dying ?
i get the whole white knight thing , but that s as far as hell ever let it go .
he had nt said a thing .
the only thing olivia was hungry for was information from terry .
the one thing she did n't know was that the bureau suspected a female serial killer .
she was still so numb she could n't feel a thing .
` ` the only thing the blank page revealed was some sort of random quote . ''
the first thing that we saw was more bookshelves , high ones .
i understand a thing or two about keeping secrets .
we responded with : the only thing i care about is the location of eline kline .
the first thing his fingers touched was flat and metallic .
` ` is there any thing else you want ? ''
` ` there were a few things , but i did n't place any profound significance on them .
none of us knew a thing about fishing , but that did n't matter . ''
ten minutes later , heading down the front walk toward his car , danny wondered if , in the realm of fates , there was any such thing as a personal grudge .
` ` the law could search his house and grounds , but if they did n't know this place was back here , they 'd never find a thing . ''
` ` the first thing i want you to understand , '' she said , ` ` is that i ' m not asking for either your understanding or your forgiveness for the mistakes i made .
i believe that there s no such thing as an idle moment , the man continued .
no one understands a thing she says .
he reveals the plot , shows pictures of the bomb that we ' ve captured , your video of mark and bader , some audio we got of dewitt talking about the indian head thing , plus anything else we can get hold of in the next few days . ''
you do nt know a thing about me , nor have you even asked .
but instead , the next thing she saw was matts butt a viewpoint made possible only if he was carrying her over his shoulder .
the agents were wearing body armor , but there was no such thing as body armor for the head .
you ve got training that i do nt have for dealing with physical danger , but i do nt believe physical danger is the only thing you ll face in that mansion tonight .
maybe you have , she countered , but i still do n't understand a damn thing !
put together , the upshot was this : those girls might have held barbeques and discos in their shacks , and we would nt know a thing .
heres the thing , orfao .
the pressure stops it boiling , so it comes out of the ground as angry as superheated steam , and thick enough you wo nt see a thing once you re inside .
his eyes were the only thing i could see , wide in the dark .
the first thing we hear on our return to the camp is rosencrantzs voice , followed at a beat by a din of combustion engines .
there was no such thing as remission .
his next movement , satisfactorily rationalised , would be aggressive ; the only thing holding him back was the grip of that other golden tenet in karate : do not go rogue .
he cried out in pain , but i did nt hear a thing .
they do nt know a damned thing .
she ca n't remember a thing anymore .
` ` like michael , the angel , '' esther said , ` ` if you believe in that sort of thing . ''
you do nt know a damned thing ; roxanne thought , the image of vargas , his screaming wife , and those precious girls buried in her head , but let him go on nonetheless .
` ` but you never pointed out one thing , mother .
like all things american this us agency for international development is crazy ... ... ... ... yah , i know toni , i know it 's exciting but you must calm down , my flower .
` ` so you will deal with the bid , the paperwork ... ... the english are so good at this ... ... my friends will deal with the local situation ... ... .. the letters of support from the ministry signed by the minister ... .. that sort of thing ... .. no problem ... ... the architects plans , the technical things , anything you need to go with the bid ... ... .. we will see to that ... .. we are very good at that ... .. just ask .
the next thing he remembered was lying on the rough timber floor with water trickling on his head and the torn shower curtain tangled between his bare legs .
for one thing , it helps me to know whether you are still alive in there . ''
the only thing he managed to prove was that it 's not at all clever to point fingers at , and ask questions about , certain people in power . ''
colin stafford showed us total losses now into seven figures and we reckon silvester mendes knows a thing or two about some of that .
but it seemed to temporarily deaden the terrible feeling that i had lost all my self - respect and also the most important thing in my life .
this is a very nice little mystery and i do n't know a thing more about it than when i started .
i was still in cloud and could n't see a thing .
i seem to know you so well and actually i do n't know a thing about you except that you 're called giselle and you live in paris .
then you do nt know a damned thing .
we have nt disturbed a thing , agent prince .
she knows its true that the bad child is the center of the familys attention when she realizes that lucys mother had never mentioned a thing about lucys past , only lauras .
its the only thing that comforts you , the only thing that makes you feel better ... its all you ve got left .
he did nt know a thing about what he was setting out to do and its hard to know who to trust online , so the first few miles on his road to being an entrepreneur were rocky to say the least .
the only thing he was reasonably sure of was where she was headed .
cops do nt know a thing , man ... and they wo nt , either .
he did nt know a thing about seth , but by the looks of him he was as far from being a professional fighter as jon was .
he put the bucket at the far corner of the room , he pulled the mart and sat down , now that he had assessed the situation and the only thing awaiting him was the action , he placed the pillow against the corrugated iron to support his back , he straightened the legs in front of him and rested his back on the pillow as he listen to the village sounds , a baby cried somewhere in the distance , a bust of rock n roll music followed on , he listened carefully to the song , a feel of the dark by iron maiden and finally a dog barked ; for him the sounds were so disturbing , he wanted them to subside so he can crawl out of his room to the ladys yard .
another thing he was n't prepared for was a set of flying keys that thumped off his chest and clattered on the ground .
in case you skipped physics or you are nt the nuclear - faring type , he flirted with a smile , you can learn a thing or two from what you re about to see .
his plane showed he had connection with the awacs plane , yet he could n't hear a thing .
after the shutter - style doors parted the next thing he noticed was a big area rug carpeting the floor of the turnstile : welcome to thelma yellin high school was stitched into it in blue letters .
another thing seth markov did n't like about everything that had transpired ?
it had been simple and easy and the first thing shed pulled out of her suitcase that morning .
you did nt feel a thing .
if they had still been in the jungle , they would nt have been able to see a thing .
imagination was a powerful thing , but no substitute for actually being there .
death , taro could say the word a hundred times and not feel a thing .
some hand holding and leg touching was the closest thing he could see to physical affection .
you could say she knows a thing or two about pills .
admit that this is the only thing you associate with romania , she said with a smile .
then i knocked again , louder , but the only thing that answered was silence .
we need to share with others ; i am sharing the most important thing i have with you .
as i recalled our conversation on the plane , i wondered the same thing .
i do nt have a damned thing to prove to you or your boyfriend there .
i do nt have to prove a damned thing to either of you .
misha asked me questions as we traveled , about many things , but said only one thing i found illuminating .
i have only ever been able to conceal one thing from him in the twenty - odd years i have known him .
her credentials provide her with the one thing i ca nt get .
the first thing you will let them know is that you , and they , will be at great risk .
the first thing would be proof of what happened to the boys in the faked crash .
the cold ice was refreshing to me , if he did n't watch me ; i could have eaten the whole thing .
that was the last thing i needed to add to the confusion .
she did n't do a thing !
its just the sort of weird thing that will drive you nuts until you learn its story is nt it ?
a name is a potent thing ; with it you can call powers beyond your wildest imaginings , and you can define a being to your whim .
could i even think of trusting another of the same species who had shown me the closest thing to heaven i 'd ever know this side of deathas well as the most excruciating pain i could experience this side of hell ?
the only thing that did make sense was that the writer knew the true meaning of the word warg and that the text was copied from a much older text , perhaps from as far back as the dark ages .
the first thing i showed him was the book by edgar de boulon .
do nt you think its an awfully big coincidence that this one page just happens to have information about the warg , the one thing i am most interested in ?
i needed to find somebody in this brotherhood , but the only thing i had to go on was the clues about the whereabouts of this crypt .
do nt worry , if you are wrong , most of us wo nt feel a thing .
but its the farthest thing from it .
still , there was nt a thing she could do to reach them .
ezra knew the latter was n't exactly true , but weather was the furthest thing from his mind when he thought about washington .
the only thing you pick out of that huge file is the sailing aspect .
the sas could teach you a thing or two , said mcbride .
this is the very thing i needed .
this is the closest thing to paradise i could imagine .
` ` well , for one thing , i think that sour - tits robyn lied to us about the content of the famous letter , '' he said .
i did nt okay a damn thing .
the first thing i see in my mind is her body ; a tall beautiful woman , with lots of long golden hair .
my mother did nt know a thing about it .
three years ago , when josie landed in hermosa beach , she got the full two - hour treatment but only because she knew a thing or two about surfing from her days in hawaii .
she 'd spent the extra hour with judge crawford because he knew a thing or two about volleyball .
jail time wo n't mean a thing .
sport is n't only a physical thing .
it 's a mental thing , not a physical thing .
they had n't missed a thing , not hannah 's self mutilation , not kip 's outburst , linda 's outrage , or josie 's accusations ` ` i think that was the point linda rayburn was trying to make , '' faye said .
every damn thing i ever wanted : someone who needed me , nice things , and a good home for me and my kid .
it does n't mean a thing .
i scarfed down my food without tasting a thing and dragged marybeth , bagel in hand , with me to the bus .
i think we all were looking forward to showing the germans a thing or two .
i think it would be better if we did n't tell him a thing .
that s just the thing no one seems to know , prentice answered .
- ... just one small thing ... he continues , shifting his gaze downwards , we found this ...
just give me this one thing ... soeren eyes me curiously , not understanding .
did any of them see a damn thing ? ''
duty was a powerful thing to live up to .
lot of things you do nt know about this place , kanani had said .
the only thing between these windows and the whole west coast of the big island was the pool and a well - groomed lawn with a small gazebo , where a man sat , a guard , most likely , who from out there could probably see kona town and even kohala farther north , or , to his left , the barren south shore with its black and green sand beaches .
sanchez was now clyde morales , and there was nt a thing alex could do about that .
pryor said : its getting back to me that you re rocking some big boats over this swenson thing .
and lets not forget one thing .
that s the greatest thing i can give back .
she did n't know a damn thing about herself .
god bless the judicial system that requires a little thing called evidence , my friend .
daddy says she 's a little thing but has all the curves in the right places ; whatever that means .
he was all but deaf and could n't hear a thing , well maybe a bunch a ringin ' if he was lucky .
lots of folks past her by and did n't even think a thing ; just a car sittin ' on the side of the road ya know .
i ' ve heard you ' ve had some great success on the school board recently , '' ronald remembered betsy had recently become a member of the school board and believed stroking her pride would not hurt a thing .
` ` you never heard a thing , '' reid replied .
the only thing they know is that the aircraft is not now flying .
the artefact was the only thing that was unlike anything i could have imagined .
first thing of a monday morning means different things to different people .
first thing of a monday morning means different things to different people .
the only thing that alex has learned from this particular venue is that the gear is cheap and badly cut , and that his clothes stink of cigarette smoke .
the only thing that billy can see is the body in the wings , leona 's body , laid out on a trolley in the main mortuary room , ready for inspection by the coroner 's officer prior to monday 's autopsy .
names , stevie , names , the real thing . ''
he ca n't hear a thing .
this is nt some game ; this is the real thing .
i did nt learn a thing .
they would pummel him into a meaningless , futile death , and none of his preparation would have meant a thing .
` ` you are quite the pretty little thing , are n't you ? ''
the first thing she saw was the upturned , nearly flat state of his slitted nasal cavity , very skull - like .
the important thing he caught was ' council meeting immediately , ' and something about dead soldiers .
is n't that a nice little thing ?
now we just have to hope that rick did n't screw up his job , or none of this will have meant a thing . ''
the lack of eye witnesses does n't prove a thing .
` ` she ca n't see a thing ? ''
he spent months on end taping their calls and trying to correlate them with various demographics : how many males there were , hormonal condition of the females , age , that sort of thing . ''
i do n't have to do a damn thing that you ask . ''
i could n't do a thing but writhe under her sentence .
as i crumble , the last thing i see is the crooked sign that says : ` ` auschwitz ii - birkenau '' .
you are going to publish the damn thing ? ''
we may learn a thing or two from the encounter . ''
the next thing he felt was pain everywhere , as if his entire body had been thrown from a building and slammed against every awning on the way down and then picked up again and thrown off the building once more to hit the awnings he missed the first go round .
she realized what it was before jimmy said a thing .
the only thing between them and their exit was a single long hall .
i was the one following hermy head full of ideas one minute , empty of ideas the nextfeeling like i had a fever , jittery from the fact i was doing something unnecessary and unexplainable , from letting every single thing i saw prove everything and then disprove it right back in its face .
but nothing in reality meant a thing , any longer , it d been gobble up , spat out , picked at by beaks and mawing worms .
i squinted at each word as though one might remind me of something , have enough to it i could get a context , decipher the thing , even choppily .
the verification was terrible , thoughon the one hand i d been correct , but on the other hand now i d lost any chance of making an attempt , the only thing i d had before was the doubt , something to niggle around with , now there was nothing .
the lenses are made of obsidian and allow you to look directly at the sun stones , just like the others , but they have one thing that the others do not .
she was a petite little thing : though she was small , her skinny frame gave her the appearance of someone more lanky , as if she had been stretched out by a medieval torture device .
it seemed that the only thing giving her any strength at this time was the idea that thomas had retreated into work to deal with his grief , that kathy might know where he was .
in fact , he leaned closer , there s a thing called wave - particle duality , where we believe they are waves and particles at the same time .
london contains the nearest thing england has to sky - scrapers , yet in truth they are not as tall as what one would find in new york , tokyo or san francisco , and nor are they so numerous .
do nt worry- the others in this office do nt suspect a thing .
i promise you , you wo nt feel a thing .
in reality , harcroft was merely giving him little stories : interviews with people he had never heard of and local interest stories ; the kind of thing most purchasers of the herald would immediately gloss over .
it marked oak island clearly , and it was the only real thing that lent the treasure any sort of credibility .
actually , we were hoping for more of the story behind the ring , what it stood for , who gave it to you , that kind of thing .
and he would nt say a thing except a simple lie that if he did nt get back or check in within two hours , then the information would be sent off to an unknown party .
the only thing that s keeping you alive is the information and you re about to give it away .
where before he had found his wealth oppressive and , as a consequence , his life meaningless unless he used his fortune to further trumpet his family name , or to build a great and lasting monument as a testament to himself and his bank balance , here , in the relative tranquillity of a foreign city , he realised that the greatest thing that money could buy was the luxury to do nothing .
in his delirious condition , some things had suddenly become crystal clear : martin suddenly knew - with certainty - the extent of this jungle and his place within it ; was conscious of what a minute and insignificant speck on the landscape were , not just his transient self , but also the river boat on which he was travelling , and even the river itself ; a thin blue line traversing a great unexplored wilderness of green .
the only thing that still remained to plug the vacuum was hope , and it was hope that ghiliba was so efficiently peddling .
look at thatthey did nt even feel a thing , stipe gleefully stated .
despite his own words , billy knew there was no such thing as closure when it came to the past .
the only thing that made sense to him anymore was finding a cure for claire .
then she wo nt feel a thing when i shoot her , he said , pointing the gun toward her rosy cheeks .
bronson began violently picking at his face with a nervous twitch , not feeling a thing .
there was another thing that caught beths eye about this woman , and her heart almost exploded .
it was what they were trained to do , and they did nt feel a thing .
but of course that does nt mean a thing because she may have married or just not registered .
she was a pretty little thing , with an impish grin and frizzy hair tied back in a ponytail .
putting her plate to one side , sasha pulled out the sofa to see if there was anything else under there , but the flight docket was the only thing .
she s a chubby little thing .
that s all i wanted well , there is one more thing i want .
they were sitting together making out when bill said , oh yeah , there is one more little thing i picked up .
it was really a thing of beauty , especially at night with the backdrop of the trees and the reflecting pool in front of it .
it was the prettiest thing he d heard all evening .
it might have been , right at the start it might have been helpful to the police in case they were looking at petrol stations for cctv , that sort of thing .
but heres the thing , see .
had some ideas for the panorama project you know , the integrated evidence thing .
right , but heres the curious thing -- there is no thing .
he did nt finish raising me so of course i m this half formed thing .
the other thing we do n't get is a return on investment .
` ` they do n't know the first thing about lab equipment .
when he stood up and said goodbye to the locals , judith noticed a natural look of nobility , if there is such a thing , rising with him .
relationship talk was the last thing he expected to hear from arrica that afternoon , but toward the end of the meeting , she singled him out by asking him who he intended to bring to the ceremony on friday , for marshall ploof 's big moment and the post - party .
` ` well , that 's just the thing .
curiosity is a terrible thing to waste .
the next thing she noticed was how everything appeared neat as a pin .
maybe nothing but , yea , there is another thing .
the first thing she noticed was two glass eyes about eight feet apart , glaring at her from inside .
its the first thing they ll be looking for .
personal excursions were a thing of the past .
someone knocked at the door and entered to replace the manager , a young thing hardly out of high school .
buddy , you re onto something with this castor thing .
half the town was behind the co - op , but nobody knows a damned thing . ''
some of the crowd yelled , too , and began cheering on grunt , who , of course , could n't hear a thing .
you ca n't make a married woman do a damned thing . ''
she did n't know a thing about it . ''
but when we need help , state do n't do a thing but show up here and talk . ''
clients were a thing of the past .
he and looney had worked on it a hundred times , and it was a thing of beauty .
this lawyer made a number of requests for specific pieces of furniture , carpets , that sort of thing .
when we decipher this thing , we can return their sacred folio 5 . ''
` ` i do n't understand this omnipotent - benevolent thing . ''
they 're working on the airplane thing .
` ` no such thing as too much pressure .
62 mauney said , ` ` we ' ve learned a thing or two , over the last few weeks .
` ` the neighbors wo n't hear a thing .
the only thing langdon understood at the moment was why fache had looked so smug when langdon suggested sauniere would have accused his killer by name .
` ` i was more interested in the mathematics of it - the divine proportion , phi , fibonacci sequences , that sort of thing . ''
the holy grail is not a thing .
you can fall on your ass and not feel a thing . ''
but as norah looked back through the night in the general direction from which they had come , she could n't see a damn thing .
she 's probably in the hydrolab and ca n't hear a damn thing anyway .
obviously if he 'd been strolling on that particular chicago street a minute earlier or a minute later , he 'd have been right past that dry cleaner and never known a damn thing about all this .
described the whole thing .
right then i did n't feel a thing , though .
but it was n't - i do n't know how it was n't , but freneau said it was just sprained - and the next day she slipped into one of her bright periods again and did n't remember a thing of it .
of course i was , too ... but one thing joe had that i did n't ( and i ' m glad of it , too ) was that everlastin suspicious nature of his .
the only thing i did n't know was how .
i knew it was mostly horror - the idear of bein pregnant again by joe was about the worst thing i could think of , and the fact that we were n't doin the thing that makes babies anymore did n't change it - but knowin what was makin me laugh did n't do a thing about stoppin it .
when i was down to sniffles , she said to tell her the whole story , right from the beginnin and without leavin a single thing out .
' the law is a great thing , dolores , ' she says .
i ' m gon na toss n turn all night , i thought as i laid down , and then i thought , no you ai n't , dolores , and i 'll tell you why - you ca n't do a damn thing about the weather , and it do n't matter , anyway .
i understood something else , too - that one kiss did n't change a thing .
' most women do n't understand the first thing about money , dolores , ' he says , ' n you 're no exception to the rule .
` ` the whole thing was new to me .
so if a greaseball whore wife dared to claim a thing like that , they 'd lock her up , probably in a rubber room . ''
al being missing does n't change a thing .
` ` what you promise me does n't prove a damn thing .
` ` the ring is the only thing i ca n't explain to myself . ''
my ass got sore , but the thing i really remember is how high i was .
` ` and the visa thing ? ''
there 's no such thing as enough . ''
` ` no single specific thing ? ''
no one will hear a thing . ''
no one will hear a thing , frazer had said .
` ` helps with the secrecy thing . ''
she had the whole hourglass thing going , big - time .
kinetic energy is a wonderful thing .
the few cars that passed him would n't have seen a thing .
` ` a lot of things clicked into place after that .
' torture is a terrible thing , ' he was saying as he puffed at a fresh cigarette , ' but it is a simple matter for the torturer , particularly when the patient , ' he smiled at the word , ' is a man .
each mouthful - the forkful of egg , the bit of bacon , the munch of buttery toast - was an exquisite thing that occupied all my senses .
` ` they gave me an hour and then they came so softly that i did n't hear a thing .
of course the first thing i had to ask for was the man 's birth certificate and , after a delay , i was told that it had been lost and that i was on no account to worry about it .
i learned a thing or two in the army .
compared with the bones , the smiles or scowls do n't mean a thing .
he said , ' doctor shatterhand 's garden is indeed a lovesome thing , god wot . '
but there was one thing above all he treasured .
the only thing that worried major smythe was getting the bloody stuff down the mountain .
did n't find a thing , of course .
the first thing he saw was the swirling waters of the reef not five yards away .
made me work ten hours a day for a week learning a thing called the riffle stack and how to deal seconds and bottoms and middles .
the damn thing 's so infernally important .
' well , ' said m. ' the whole thing sounds absolutely ridiculous .
but pain 's an odd thing .
` ` it 's not a thing to make a habit of , '' said bond mildly .
' that 's the damnedest thing .
' and the next thing to remember , ' colonel smithers held up his pipe in warning , ' is that gold is virtually untrace - able .
do n't understand a thing about the pound and bank rate and all that but everyone seems to be taking it damned seriously .
those are the private places where the medicine cabinets , the dressing - table , the bedside drawers , reveal the intimate things , the frailties .
the last thing bond knew before he blacked out was the high scream of the engines through the open window and a fleeting vision of pillows and rugs whipping out into space past his eyes .
there had been some thing about that particular way of killing a man ...
but i ' ve spent six months listening to that kind of thing from these silly old rich goats and the only way to shut them up is to be rude .
` ` and by ancient stuff , '' langdon clarified , ` ` i assume you mean castles , crypts , temples , that sort of thing ? ''
` ` professor , if your reputations are correct , then you and peter solomon both share an interest in this sort of thing -- secrets , historical esoterica , mysticism , and so on .
the assistant had said after giving langdon the specifics of his travel arrangements to d.c . ` ` there is one more thing mr . solomon requested . ''
` ` then , robert , why would n't we open the package and decipher this thing right now ? ! ''
but if i ' ve got a tank and you ' ve got a tank , what 's the only thing i really want to know ? ''
now i was expecting it to show me the exact same thing from duffy .
nobody would hear a thing .
when you push through the door from the stairs , the first thing you hear is that steady clickety - clack .
the only thing left up top was my slide rule , which i snapped in two , a picture of raquel welch taped to the back wall ( i let it stay ) , and the box of shells that had been behind my books .
like coca - cola , it 's the real thing .
they could sell vital technology to our enemy , and there was n't a damned thing we could do about it .
` ` that 's another thing we can learn from the japanese . ''
` ` the first thing is this ...
` ` there 's still one thing i do n't understand .
langdon did n't remember a thing .
` ` not a damn thing , so far .
he had left without asking for a thing , and then sat still and waited for the ax .
and harper goes with you , because right now the petrosian thing ai n't forgotten about . ''
` ` that the whole thing ? ''
he 'd just gotten around to figuring the same thing .
` ` she 'll wake up , and she wo n't remember a thing . ''
` ` how did you figure the hypnotism thing ? ''
` ` that monkey routine of yours is the funniest thing i ever heard . ''
there was not one single thing that she needed that she did not have .
there 's not a thing wrong with these brakes .
the only thing is - ` ` he turned to elizabeth .
emil joeppli reached down to pick it up and the back of his head seemed to explode in a shower of red , and the last thing he saw was the floor racing up to meet him .
the whole thing had an air of unreality .
` ` i wish you 'd drop the whole first - name thing .
the only thing he did n't know was why .
` ` no one suspected a thing .
why would she come here , all the way from kansas , claiming to be harry stanford 's daughter , and not have a single thing to back it upt ' are a lot of weirdos out there , steve .
do you want to know some- thing , my dear ?
` ` the whole thing sounds a little fishy , does n't it ? ''
there 's no such thing as an offer you ca n't refuse .
without their testimony , the government could not prove a thing against him .
` ` there 's one little thing you forgot .
remember , victor , i ' m taking all the risks , and i do n't get a thing out of it . ''
she was an eager little thing .
inspector trignant said , ` ` monsieur , there is one other thing i should mention . ''
one of the spanish detectives , jos pereira , grumbled to cooper , ` ` the only thing they 're stealing is our time .
tracy ordered no dessert , but the captain brought a delicate flaky pastry that was the most delicious thing she had ever tasted .
` ` there is one small thing wrong with your theory , seor .
they do n't leave a thing to chance . ''
they hate the sex - object thing .
it was the silliest thing .
but there 's one thing the government could nae take away frae the highlanders - their pride .
it 's the most exciting thing in the world to have an idea and watch it grow into concrete and steel , and become a building that people work in and live in .
the only thing that made jamie doubt his senses was the size of it .
` ` now how would you know a thing like that ? ''
` ` that 's not the first thing a man looks for in a woman , '' margaret said dryly , ` ` and you 're becoming a woman . ''
they do n't know a damn thing about life . ''
` ` i do n't know a damned thing about frozen foods or trucks , but i know people who do .
` ` i know what i want to serve , but i do n't know a thing about wines .
` ` the silliest thing .
the only thing i care about is oliver russell 's happiness . ''
i suppose i ' m just an old sentimentalist , but to me marriage is the most sacred thing on earth .
` ` first of all , i doubt if she really knows a damn thing about the newspaper business .
` ` any more than there 's such a thing as animal nature .
the thing that disturbed judd the most was that he would be unable to see anne on friday .
` ` i always say that the most confusin ' thing in the world is too much information . ''
and there 's not one single thing in any of their case histories that would justify murder .
` ` do you know the most peculiar thing about this whole megillah ? ''
` ` what do you mean by ' a physical thing ? ' ''
then you really do n't know a damn thing about him . ''
sometimes when my uncles got together , they would go into a corner and talk about a mysterious thing called sex .
weather lady one thing we do know is that the jet stream has taken on a pattern which is very typical for this time of year , although the upper flow is even stronger than usual , helping to account for the terrific strength of this western storm .
tv reporter ( linoge ) one wonders if , in their insular selfishness and yankee pride , they refused to give something ... some simple thing ... that would have changed matters for them .
` ` not a damn thing there to find . ''
surely to god you can sit on this thing until after the election .
` ` your dissent is not going to change a damned thing .
i ca n't see a damned thing . ''
` ` first of all , i do n't have to explain a damned thing to you .
you did n't mention a thing about the cubans .
' so he took out the controls and the finger 's pointed at carlos , which does n't mean a damn thing but give him another kill . '
the assassin was accommodating , but as he looked at that door , jason instinctively knew one thing about it that carlos did not know .
` ` not a damned thing , '' spicer said with a smile .
but you have to remember , there is no such thing as a russian voice anymore .
the first thing they noticed was the photo , paper - clipped to the inside flap .
in normal families , mr . goodman , but my family seldom gets together , and when two or more of us happen to meet the last thing we discuss is the past .
it 's the only thing they have in common with us cayhalls . ''
cooley delivered this brief chronicle with pride , as if the pedigree had a damned thing to do with practicing law in 1990 .
i ' m not promising a damned thing , you understand , only that we 'll have the hearing .
his client was about to die at the hands of the government , and there was n't a damned thing he could do about it .
` ` hate 's an awful thing , sam . ''
` ` i ' m not suggesting a damned thing .
someone , probably fletcher coal , wanted the world to know that khamel had emerged as a suspect , and that he was an arab of all things , and had close ties to libya and iran and iraq , countries led by fiery idiots who hated america .
horton had never mentioned the pelican brief to the president , and the fact that he even knew about the damned thing was exasperating .
ca n't say a damn thing about his precious father .
but there was one thing he did comprehend .
` ` he knows something , and we 're not going to find out a thing sitting here . ''
which means the saudis will never see a thing .
` ` he 'll never find a thing . ''
one thing he did know was that if he did not escape soon , he really would go mad .
` ` here 's the thing , '' the addi said to caston , blurting it out when caston entered , as if they were already in the midst of conversation .
` ` the main thing we know is that agent tarquin was n't just cons ops .
that 's the sort of thing you 'll be able to pick up on . ''
after having known you for all these years , you 'd think i would have picked up a thing or two .
our spies have learned a thing or two about him . ''
` ` no , that 's the thing , '' ambler said .
` ` it 's the only thing that makes sense of what you ' ve experienced . ''
according to your former colleagues , you 're the closest thing they ' ve ever met to a mind reader .
` ` a thing or two , '' caston said .
` ` all right , people , we obviously have n't achieved our objectives , so please tell me that we ' ve at least learned a thing or two .
this whole erasure thing .
it was the realest thing there was .
not that i learned a damned thing . ''
` ` no , i do n't understand a goddamned thing ! ''
` ` there 's a war , all right , you scum , but it 's not declared , and you 're not entitled to a damn thing except what i can dream up for you .
how can you think to imply such .a thing to me ? ''
farewell , code switch , and for your edification , the one thing that remains constant between us is the confidentiality between client and solicitor .
` ` without a head on his shoulders , that sort of talent does n't mean a thing ! ''
perhaps i could become attached to you , for you have qualities i so admire , but a relationship is a remote and distant thing to me now .
i ' ve given up everything '' ` ` you 'll give up the last thing you ' ve got to give unless you tell me whom you spoke to about me , '' broke in latham .
` ` the problem is , i really do n't know a goddamn thing about reservoirs other than what sorenson told me and witkowski confirmed . ''
trying to get up there , your fall - back position being well - paid whores who do n't know a damn thing .
` ` frankly , not a thing . ''
` ` i do n't understand a single thing !
the bay area 's public transport systems were his private stalking ground , and as with all his previous half - dozen assaults , this one would be a work of art , in its inception and execution and in his evasion of the police , a thing of great beauty .
` ` there was one other thing , beyond where they disappeared .
if it 's that whole hippocratic oath thing , i can deal with it .
she got out on the fourth floor without suspecting a thing .
this is the real thing , power enough to devastate a major city , irradiate the surrounding areas .
but he claimed he could remember nothing - not a fucking thing .
` ` this lemontov thing interests me .
the silence was an evil thing , muta ibn aziz knew , a poisoning of the well of their fraternal bond .
the thing that upset her most was that she should have known - from the very beginning , she should have seen through him .
ca n't see a thing . ''
its siren must have been wailing , but khoury could n't hear a thing .
i have n't done a damn thing . '
' he never felt a thing , if that 's any consolation . '
spalko 's demeanor was so relaxed , so nonchalant that hearn never suspected a thing .
in her heart she felt the tragedies you 'd suffered without you having to tell her a thing . ''
` ` and i know a thing or two about lying ? '
the only thing that had stopped him was bourne 's warning .
` ` but how is one to know such a mysterious thing ? ''
and the most curious thing was that itworked .
` ` the first thing i can tell you is that there is no such thing as a composite language - cuneiform and letters just do n't mix .
` ` i do n't remember a thing , not even your name . ''
the origins of tequila , what it has meant to the mexicans , that sort of thing . ''
` ` i have n't eaten a thing all day , except for a snickers i found in my drawer , and that was so stale the chocolate had turned white . ''
` ` where did you learn to answer questions without revealing a thing ? ''
` ` i ' m not afraid to die , '' devra repeated , ` ` the only thing is , though , what do you do when you no longer have memories ? ''
the only thing i do know is that he was never caught , and our failure to catch him was a burden on our diplomacy throughout the far east . '
' in the people 's republic there is no such thing as ` ` just a visa '' .
the whole damn thing 's full of illogical logic . '
the only thing we want to establish is that the dead man is not his assassin . '
that may be debatable , depending on the life , but life does n't mean a thing to him .
because i did n't know who i was , and he was operating on prior data that i did n't know a damn thing about .
` ` i have n't a damn thing to explain , '' said the analyst as he headed for the chair next to casset .
and since this was obviously the case , it might be profitable for the scum to pursue a little knowledge , for as the bromide declared , a little knowledge is a dangerous thing -- frequently more so in the eyes of the beholder than in the one possessing scant tidbits of information , so slanted as to appear many times more .
i do n't understand a goddamned thing !
` ` i do n't understand a damn thing , '' objected the bewildered visitor who had spoken of the comfort of faith .
he 's also out on his boat and does n't want to know a damn thing until it 's all over .
a lot , maybe most , wo n't mean a thing , but every now and then one will , and then another , and another .
... and , johnny , i do n't want her to know a thing about any of this , do you understand me ?
that psychopathic ego of his is the basis for every thing alex and i mounted .
your little infiltrating operations and our little infiltrating operations can go on and on and it does n't matter because none of it means a goddamned thing in the long run .
like ordering lunch or dinner , or buying clothes , or fillin ' the tank of your car , requesting a specific gasoline ... leaded or unleaded and the degrees of octane -- all of which we do n't know a thing about here .
` ` i take it you know a thing or two about me , '' joel said .
joel backman had never feared a damn thing , and if he could keep track of three hundred pieces of legislation moving through the maze of congress , and if he could make one hundred phone calls a day while rarely looking at a rolodex or a director } ' , then he could certainly learn enough italian to order coffee .
as for politics , to sasha it 's the most boring thing in the world .
the first thing he noticed as he got close was the cyclone fence -- - still shiny , topped with glistening razor wire .
` ` you have n't heard a thing , have you ? ''
` ` does n't suspect a thing .
she could n't do a damned thing but stay here in this narrow bed and stare at the walls and pray that she would wake up and the nightmare would be over .
this was the last thing in the world she wanted to know .
employment was now a thing of the past .
' i do n't understand a damn thing about any of this , ' said tucker , lighting a thin cigar , ' but if you wait for them , you could be sitting on your asses a long goddamn time . '
mcauliff was prepared ; he had remembered a little thing .
` ` and the asphyxiation thing ? ''
first thing i saw after opening it was a brown leather jacket folded across the top .
you 're the first mcdeere in two generations to amount to a damned thing . ''
that goes on for a few years , and the rookie does n't suspect a thing , right ?
` ` i do n't have to do a damned thing , tarrance .
` ` no one suspects a damn thing . ''
` ` another thing , '' smith added .
' of course i 'll listen to you , but listening is n't agreeing to a damn thing . '
' does n't mean a damned thing ! '
' this mossad relic sitting beside me does n't know a damn thing about alarm systems except probably how to set 'em off . '
this morning he claimed he could n't remember anything - not a thing , he said ... oh , my sweet jesus !
' there 's not a damn thing to hide , but there 's everything to let hang out , ' said kendrick firmly .
' i do n't have a damn thing to hide - ' ' keep your voice down .
' i repeat , i have n't got a damn thing to hide .
' i know that , lovely thing , but i still want you to turn left . '
' and i ' m sorry - ' ' you do n't have a damn thing to be sorry about .
- nothing , not a goddamned thing ! '
i did n't know a thing !
atlanta wanted their histories , too - possible latent sexually related complications , that sort of thing . '
lip service aside , the united states has n't done a damn thing .
` ` a thing of invisibility , if the gods are with us , '' said janson .
theo katsaris , the closest thing he had to a son .
` ` just want to look up one thing , '' he said .
as a pot of coffee made its way into mugs , and into their bellies , accompanied by a few fried eggs and pieces of coarse bread torn from a round loaf , janson learned a few things about his would - be executioner .
they thought if i worked as a servant at the castle , i would learn a thing or two .
you choose a village that was totally liquidated in the war - so there 's practically nobody around who 'd remember a thing about his childhood .
angus fielding : the one thing that you americans have never quite grasped is how very deep anti - americanism goes ...
i did n't think a thing about it . ''
` ` all you have to do in gratitude , '' she said , ` ` is one little thing . ''
and no one will know a thing .
his wife greeted him with her usual cheerfulness , not asking a thing about where he 'd been or what he 'd done .
` ` i wanted you to know that i did n't know a damn thing about any assassination attempt .
but we were n't told a thing about when , or where , it was going to be used .
you did n't know a damn thing about any of that coming . ''
` ` cia , nsa - none of them knows a thing , '' she said .
but it is still a thing .
wyatt heard her compliment , which he took as any thing but .
she did n't know a damn thing .
` ` i got ta tell you , clay , this dyloft ambush of yours is a thing of beauty .
` ` you 're not sorry about a damned thing .
no one at parchman knew a damned thing , or if they did they were unwilling to talk about it .
and that 's the one thing i can not give them . ''
everybody knows the votes are there to pass this damned thing unanimously - unless we veto it . ''
she had found them an hour ago , the dress the first thing she had seen when she had opened her eyes .
but outside of the rumpled trousers , the cheap mackinaw jacket , and the irish hat , he did n't have a damn thing to wear .
` ` listen to me , night watch , a voiceprint does n't mean a goddamned thing , it 's the code that 's important , and more than one person can have it .
` ` not a thing , '' answered guiderone .
i mean , they were concerned , genuinely sorry about everything , and even got me on board the plane without any hassle over tickets and my passport and that sort of thing . ''
` ` i can hardly see a damn thing , but this is n't in the regs . ''
` ` small favors and all that kind of thing , '' said cam .
just listen to his words and do n't volunteer a damn thing .
also , the driver 's front window had sheets of dark film on both extremes of his windshield ; the only thing they could see clearly was the road .
` ` you certainly understand that they 're related to the excessive money your husband brings home- '' ` ` does n't do a bloody thing for me ! ''
and he was neither safe , nor had he found out a damn thing about theacute ; regrave ; se chambord or the molecular computer .
not a thing to arouse the suspicion of any nosy brit . ''
` ` you have n't told me a thing about the paris club . ''
` ` you have n't asked me a thing about your security problem , '' he said in a kindly voice .
she keeps the money , which you and i know is the only thing that matters to her , and you go back to parchman because you ' ve got a record , remember ?
` ` came down late friday afternoon in roanoke , still a secret , but it will be released to the press first thing in the morning . ''
the first thing i 'll see is his car , or truck , and this will reveal a lot .
he does n't move or twitch , does n't feel a thing .
for keeley to return here so soon means only one thing .
evidently , drummond discovered pretty much the same thing .
` ` i do n't have to prove a damned thing .
she was n't sorry about a damned thing .
twenty minutes later she received a return fax from his honor changing the word ` ` conjugal '' to ` ` personal , '' and relabeling the whole thing ` ` personal visits . ''
the trouble with the young rich , she decided , was n't that they took their money for granted , but that they could n't comprehend that money , though a by - product , was a true catalyst to power and , because of this , a frightening thing .
the field accountant decided that the brandy was n't doing a thing for him , either .
madame scarlatti did n't mention a thing to you ? '
' and you do n't know a thing about zurich ? '
the lenz foundation is austria 's leading supporter of holocaust studies , historical scholarship , libraries in israel ... they fund anything that seeks to fight hate crimes , racism , that sort of thing . ''
it would explain how he was able to travel through european countries without alerting passport control , among other things that had puzzled her .
` ` i want to know who owns them , who they might have quiet partnerships with , that kind of thing . ''
` ` i guess i ' m really interestedcespecially in light of the international children 's health forumcin documenting his generosity , the extent of his support for your foundation , his involvement , that sort of thing . ''
she shifted to the left , this time violently , a sudden hard jerk that did nothing ; the only thing that moved at all was the bed itself , which had to be on wheels .
you do n't know a damned thing about poverty .
` ` here in the district '' meant only one thing : a black jury .
the idea it had become his idea , which was the crucial thing had finally taken root in the arid soil of the german 's mind .
` ` what 's the other thing you need ?
the national socialist coffee bean , as it is called well , the slogan used in the advertisements , you know , tells us that it is ' healthy , strength - giving , tasty , indistinguishable from the real thing ! ''
they 'll never realize a thing until a runny nose , or a sore throat , or a headache signals they may be coming down with a cold .
none of those deaths meant a thing .
there 's all kinds of crap swirling here that you do n't know a thing about . ''
` ` i do n't know a thing .
` ` zovastina did n't know a thing about me .
yet she never offered a thing to you . ''
` ` we do n't know a damn thing . ''
` ` ordinarily , i would have never said a thing , but these are far from ordinary times . ''
` ` the americans will not say or do a thing .
` ` it 's a sentimental thing .
leon was into some self - discipline thing with her and would n't spring for it .
you wo n't get a damn thing from me .
the state troopers in the cars did n't see a thing . ''
so the first thing it means is that they went to school someplace where they used old textbooks and old style manuals that were way out of date .
second thing it means is they never worked for the secret service .
you know , trees and logging and all that kind of thing .
a man does n't forget a thing like that . ''
reacher said , ' so here 's the thing , brett .
there 's no such thing as a side deal . '
there 's no such thing as something for nothing .
no one knew a damn thing .
we know we ' ve had our boys out driving the roads all morning and they have n't seen a damn thing .
she had been a sweet little thing .
they 'll never know a thing .
this thing is purely alphabetical by last name .
but that 's all we can offer , not that such a thing is even ours to offer . '
but he had been a cop for a long time , and he knew a thing or two , and he could guess .
this house has clearly stood empty for a long time , and after taking in its eccentricity , the first thing we notice is its inhospitability to new tenants .
he did not grasp what some of these things were supposed to be about , although he actually liked almost all of them , especially a couple of landscapes .
but what sort of real thing is it ?
they are bigger than you 'd expect on a slender little thing like her , and you know what ?
richard sloat 's life has been one of reduction , jack has sometimes thought , but one thing has been added ( probably in law school ) : the pompous , sheeplike sound of hesitation , particularly annoying on the phone , which is now richard 's vocal signature .
he plays it safe and says , ` ` cripes , doodles , how the hell could i forget a pretty little thing like you ? ''
you may still have the key to this thing . ''
only thing i missed was the cadillac .
the whole acid thing .
` ` act fast , and dr . spiegleman will never know a thing .
its appearance can mean one thing only , that some person connected to the blind man managed to get close enough to black house to have tasted the poisons of its ferocious guardian .
the next thing henry hears is a curious whooshing sound and the joined smack - smacks of sodden footwear parting from a sticky floor .
` ` there 's such a thing as overstaying your welcome , man . ''
there had never been a thing about it in the paper , not even a squib about how - funny thing !
he felt that just one more interesting thing would drive him totally insane .
that steel tray with the little pieces of wood , that 's all right , but that 's the only thing that is .
cap would know there was no such thing as sufficient evidence , especially when you were dealing with something as potentially explosive ( pun certainly intended ) as charlie mcgee .
and then there was the last thing .
no one would know a thing , including cap .
what bites me is that i sat there in the same room with whoever killed that man , hours before he did it , and i did n't feel a thing .
i had found several flaws in her speech so far , but i was n't about to point out to her that arthur read a lot about murders and that the police so far had n't solved a thing and that the clue of the hatchet would still be in the damn ditch if robin and i had n't unearthed it .
perhaps , if it had n't been for the break - in , and the holes in the backyard ( and here i reminded myself again to check them ) , i would n't have worried about a thing , no matter how mysterious some of bubba sewell 's statements had been .
then i read in lillian 's face the knowledge that the only thing she had that i could possibly want was a husband .
i did n't hear a thing after i got around back ! ''
is this thing about the bodies upsetting you ?
it was an awful thing , being a man , i thought ; and i pitied martin for the first time since i 'd known him .
and i came to see you first thing , stepmom . ''
now , here i was , aching to have a man to talk to , used to having someone around to consult with , used to having a companion to share every little thing .
the most exciting thing melinda had found was one of a pair of earrings that poppy had been trying to find for a month or more .
i do n't know a thing about guns , and they make me very nervous .
ethan would n't know a thing about my family 's history , or the sadness lurking behind my front door .
' i would n't miss a thing . '
how can i be , when i ' ve got the one thing he has n't ? '
chelsea has that whole natural , beach beauty thing down cold .
i do n't understand a thing except the bitter note in their voices , and the suspicious looks they send my way when they 're talking about me and my many terrible crimes .
he 's trying to throw me off balance , i can see that - making sure i ' m worked up about the lindsay thing , so i ' m still angry and frustrated when i talk about elise .
` ` i ca n't feel a thing . ''
` ` she freaked out , it was a whole thing .
i ca n't hear a thing , but i see it now , written on all their faces .
as she adjusts her long skirt , brushing it out from under her so that it does n't get wrinkled , as i look at her slender ankles and smooth calves and take in the hint of perfume that reminds me of all things woman , i realize that i just might be falling in love with her .
should he decide that i 'd had enough excitement for one day , he would usher the detective out , and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
no , the only thing that had escaped me was what it all meant .
he is , i realize , the closest thing i have to pure love on this earth .
` ` not a damned thing , '' bukolov said .
the only thing keeping them from a plunge below were the struts of the rail .
for a moment , he could n't see a thing , temporarily blinded .
the first thing she handed will was a map - new mexico , arizona , socal .
dreamed he slept for two weeks and never heard a thing .
he sensed movement to his right and left and behind him , though he had n't heard a thing .
rachael showed no sign she 'd heard a thing .
ethan said , ` ` tenacious little thing , is n't she ?
` ` i ca n't see a thing , will . ''
` ` this has not a thing to do with my pride , '' he said .
what kept him up lately , these long december nights , was the fear that he would n't feel those things when this baby came , wondered how you faked a thing like that , how you raised something you did n't feel belonged to you .
for thirty seconds , he could n't hear a thing over the pounding of his heart and the desperate intake of oxygen .
luther grabbed a handful of sand and squeezed , his knuckles blanching , but it did n't do a thing to temper the fire that had begun to smolder in his belly .
she wo n't ever suspect a thing . ''
` ` i admire the same thing in a man , '' i said .
it 's funny , because once you 're dead , all the beliefs you subscribed to while alive do n't mean a thing . ''
too dark and foggy to see a thing .
no such thing as safety or control .
we do n't know a thing about you , so what if you three just leave us here , disappear into the night .
gloria do n't know a thing .
` ` i do n't hear a thing , '' abigail whispered .
` ` it killed her body , but her soul never felt a thing . ''
streamside , you could n't hear a thing but the chatter of water flowing over rocks .
and she 'd hardly asked abigail a thing , letting hans lob questions while she leaned back in her chair in her muddy hiking boots , jeans , and down vest , not even bothering to veil her scrutiny and suspicion .
the essential thing you have to understand about a true killer is that killing is their nature , and you ca n't change something 's nature .
because vi was n't raised on entitlement she aspired to simple things - a family , comfortable home , occasional vacations to gatlinburg and myrtle beach , finding an identity in her community , her church , her precinct .
back home the first thing my waking eyes beheld were the support beams of my cabin - a recurring comfort that soothed me like the familiar respiration of a sleeping spouse .
` ` a lovely little thing , i must say .
` ` i think it 's really the only thing worth reading . ''
luther was still talking , but she did n't hear a thing .
a young doctor with wire - rim glasses was squatting down in front of her , two nurses behind him , and though his lips moved , she could n't hear a thing .
his hand no longer burned but he still could n't hear a thing out of his left ear except a lonely , hollow sound like wind blowing across an open bottle top .
` ` i do n't hear a thing , jack .
could n't hear a thing over his own panting and he closed his eyes and buried his face in the leaves until the pounding in his chest decelerated .
he looked up , the sun burning down , could n't see a thing through its cutting - torch glare .
still could n't see a thing in the dark .
could n't see a thing , but he knew he was in a bathroom .
they were doing eighty down the street , and he could barely see a thing in the absence of headlights and with the wind and smoke rushing into his face .
could n't see a thing under the cloud cover .
i can barely remember a single thing about last night .
but my skin is smooth and flawless , the only thing on it is a powerful vein carrying blood , the beat of it matching the screaming still streaming through my head over and over again .
the fireplace is burning bright , making flashes of memories surface in my mind , but i do n't feel a thing , because i ' m here .
but you know what the second - to - last thing he needs is ?
the only thing they could tell us was what kind of killer someone like clark would be , if he ever crossed that line .
sterling did n't say a thing about the professor .
` ` he never asked for a thing in return . ''
` ` and you forgot the most interesting thing we learned from this little excursion . ''
` ` there 's really only one thing that jumps out about that small slice of the map . ''
we have n't gotten a thing out of him , and we 're not going to .
the only thing that is certain is that she 's special .
and then why do n't you ask her what they say about growing up in an environment where it 's the only thing you know . ''
this time , the point is that the gift you sent sweet little cassandra hobbes was the real thing .
i 'd been taught that there was no such thing as the home court advantage , but my mother 's lessons had been geared toward reading people , not playing cat and mouse with killers .
but standing there , looking at michael , the one thing i did know , the way i always knew things about other people , was that sooner or later , as a part of this program - a part of this team - i was going to find out .
so the next thing i discovered about her was that she had caught the eye of matthew hague , son of sir aubrey hague , bristol 's biggest landowner , and an executive in the east india company .
` ` ideally , you 'd not hear a thing .
i had been able to hear things with extra clarity , see things ahead i had n't been able to see before , and here was the funny thing : as though there was contained within me a huge bank , a huge vault of knowledge awaiting my access , and all i needed to open it was the key .
i had been able to hear things with extra clarity , see things ahead i had n't been able to see before , and here was the funny thing : as though there was contained within me a huge bank , a huge vault of knowledge awaiting my access , and all i needed to open it was the key .
i knew a thing or two about loss and was learning more every day .
her beauty was a gentle , maternal , nurturing thing , to be spoken of not with the wariness jenny 's looks inspired , but with warmth and admiration .
one thing i do know , though .
` ` i have no such thing , '' replied pitcairn , swallowing - the only sign of nerves he 'd shown ; perhaps thinking of the noose tightening around his neck- '' the nature of my work , sir ... it 's ... '' braddock reared back as though bored of the whole facade - and might well have been about to order pitcairn 's summary execution - when i took the opportunity to step forward .
` ` it 's not the sort of thing best put to paper , '' i said .
at last the area ahead of us widened out into a shimmering chamber , where the first thing we saw was a pool , its walls lined with marble tiles , the water so clear that it seemed to glow in the meagre light offered by an open trapdoor at the top of some nearby steps .
the next thing i saw was the bare feet of a eunuch as he descended the steps and angled his head to peer down into the pool chamber .
i had a vision of ziio , of the face i 'd once loved , when i was capable of doing such a thing , and felt a dull backwash of grief for her and loathing for washington , who had obviously learnt a thing or two from serving with general braddock - lessons in brutality and ruthlessness .
one thing that was not invention were the warnings that came from al - scarab 's family of the dangers ezio would have to be prepared for in his onward journey .
` ` does n't it amount to the same thing ? ''
but you 're right - it almost amounts to the same thing .
` ` abbas - it is true that i have learned many things from the apple .
they recognize that there is no such thing as an absolute truth , or , if there is , we are hopelessly underequipped to recognize it .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about it ! ''
the only thing i cared for less than the hierarchies and politics of the staff was child - rearing and especially the birth that comes beforehand .
` ` you 'd probably be able to show them a thing or two , if you took part yourself . ''
` ` they wo n't feel a thing , '' said ezio , a steely look in his eyes .
if i were n't more of a scientist than an artist , i 'd say this thing had a mind of its own . ''
' with our men in place of their archers , they wo n't suspect a thing . '
they must not suspect a thing ! '
after a silence , machiavelli asked , ' and what is the second thing ? '
9 frogmen in the pen the first thing jimmy saw as he neared the roseclair street entrance to pen park was a k-9 van parked down on sydney street , its back doors open , two cops struggling with six german shepherds on long leather leashes .
we know anything the first thing , jimmy ?
` ` sir , the littlest thing is something right now . ''
maybe if only because there was that thing , that illogical thing clenched in the farthest crevice of celeste 's brain , that thing she 'd felt upon seeing katie 's car on the news and thinking again , illogically blood = dave .
` ` it 's a little thing . ''
manacles 86 will become a thing of the past .
but you could back him off if you understood that the only thing he respected was power .
the next thing you see as you drive through this region are the mills themselves , and the sky turns to soot .
the only thing our marriage had taught me about love was that it ends .
i held your sister in my lap while she died and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it , and i earned the right to be a bastard .
either way , it was the last thing the murder victim gave you before she was killed .
` ` copies do n't mean a thing in court . ''
she raised an eyebrow as i walked toward her , her smile a wicked thing .
well , at the time i did allow for the possibility that john was a manifestation of his own personality - a fantasy alec , if you will , who could walk through walls , disappear in mist , that sort of thing .
i ' ve been working on my technique , trying to play with light and space , respect the spatial tableau , that sort of thing .
he likes good restaurants , nice clothes , nice condo , that sort of thing .
but i felt my grin fade for a moment , because it was this very excitement , this addiction to uncovering things that sometimes would be better left covered , which had brought me face - to - face with the howling pestilence and moral rot of gerry glynn 's psyche .
about the only ` ` private '' thing i owned was my car , a rebuilt ' 63 porsche .
` ` yeah , and what we do is interview fans such as yourself , local interest stuff , just so you can speak to our other listeners about why you love aaf , who your favorite bands are , that sort of thing . ''
quick movements are the first thing your paranoid drug dealer types notice in a crowd , so i was n't about to turn away .
the only thing he left out was the ransom note they 'd found in kimmie 's underwear , and once i replayed the tape of lionel 's conversation with the woman in my head , i realized that without the note there was no hard evidence that lionel 's caller was demanding money for a child .
what 's the first thing i taught you ? ''
` ` what 's the first thing i taught you ? ''
` ` is there one single thing about this case that makes sense to you ? ''
` ` and another thing , '' ryerson said .
there 's a moment 's silence as the men in the bar consider rachel , and that hard , calm thing in her voice matches the thing that 's in her eyes sometimes , the thing that can make you nervous if you look too close .
there 's a moment 's silence as the men in the bar consider rachel , and that hard , calm thing in her voice matches the thing that 's in her eyes sometimes , the thing that can make you nervous if you look too close .
even with his windows closed , i could hear the bass thumping from his car speakers , and we rolled right up the driveway behind him without his hearing a thing .
i ' m just trying to find that one concrete thing that makes me say , ' okay .
but that 's not the most curious thing .
he has no grasp of complex dynamics in any type of human intercourse , knows so little about politics that as recently as last year i had to explain to him what the difference between the house and the senate was , and his ignorance of current events is so total that the only thing he understands about lewinsky is as a verb .
` ` thing is , wes- '' ` ` what 's ' the thing , ' pat ?
we do n't hear a fucking thing , but those pooches go wild . ''
you ever hear a thing so dumb ?
the next thing we saw was a commercial with antonio sabato jr . hawking some kind of skin cream .
` ` picked up a thing or two in my travels , mr ... ...
the way running numbers worked in deacon broscious 's town was straight simple : ai n't no such thing as credit .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about them .
` ` do n't you do a fucking thing but nod . ''
the only thing that fi t in it was a child 's bed and a table fit for holding a single potted plant .
for a few , strangely joyous hours , luther did n't feel like a colored man , did n't even feel there was such a thing as color , only one thing above all others : he was an american .
and he could n't do a damn thing about it .
but not a single neighbor heard a thing .
the only thing this man knew about terror was how to infect other people with it .
a servant in geneva does not mean the same thing as a servant in france and england .
` ` that 's the second thing . ''
the only positive thing he could find about the valkyrie was that they 'd always maintained an uneasy truce with the lykae , reasoning that ` ` the enemy of my enemy is my friend . ''
it was said that the thing they wanted above all else was freedom .
` ` chicks dig that sort of thing . ''
mortimer did n't think any of them knew a thing about generators .
he had n't found a thing .
after all , decker had pleasured her , but she had n't done a thing for him , and apparently his pleasuring her had taken so much out of him that he 'd conked out directly afterward .
it was the most incredible thing she 'd ever experienced , and urged her on as she worked over him .
the first thing she saw was a green metal two - step ladder used to climb onboard .
turning to see her , he said , ` ` we do n't have a single thing to eat in this house .
having been through the turn herself , and knowing she could n't do a damned thing for her , dani continued on to decker and knelt beside him as he groaned and began to move .
` ` the last thing i remember is coming over to give you hell for getting up and moving around on your own . ''
in fact , other than his name , the fact that he was a widower and that he 'd risked himself to help her , she did n't know a thing about him .
the only thing that kept her there was the possibility of finding the machine they used to wipe memories , but the fact was jo did n't really have a clue what she was looking for .
without remembering a thing about it until you opened your eyes and peered down to find her dead in your lap ? ''
the next thing he remembers is decker calling his name , him opening his eyes and finding the pregnant woman dead in his arms , her blood all over him .
` ` agnes is a sweet little thing , but i just have n't found myself warming to john .
the only thing stopping me was missing thomas if she took him to live with her , but then she died and i had to send him away anyway . ''
i did n't even pick up on the earring thing with althea .
she 's a sweet little thing .
` ` three hours ago , '' she corrected , and then added defensively , ` ` and that breakfast was the only thing i 'd eaten since the picnic sunday .
` ` she does n't remember a thing , '' anders murmured quietly .
` ` i wish i 'd been half as smart and taught susanna , althea , and rosamund a thing or two . ''
while he 'd learned a thing or two from watching leigh tonight , cale did n't think he 'd ever be offering himself up as a chef again ... or allow anyone else to either .
i nearly had a heart attack , and it was too late at night to do a damned thing about it .
` ` yeah , that whole professional footing thing is just what she 's telling herself , '' bricker informed him , obviously reading his thoughts as well as alex 's mind .
her body just did what mortimer had ordered her to as if ... well , as if the bastard was controlling her , she realized with dismay , and there did n't appear to be a damned thing she could do about it .
` ` the only thing you 're going to find in there is blood , '' alex said dryly .
actually , harper thought , elvi , victor , mabel , and dj were the closest thing to family he now had .
i 'll feel awful if the only thing drina sees of canada is the inside of casey cottage and the local wal - mart . ''
` ` did stephanie and mirabeau tell you- '' ` ` they did n't tell me a thing .
` ` there 's this kind of electricity between them , and this energy that comes from them , '' she said , and then frowned and tried to explain , ` ` the closest thing i can compare it to is what comes from cell phones and satellites and stuff .
` ` besides , '' drina added on a sigh , ` ` you 're just stoking a fire we ca n't do a damned thing about since i 'll be rooming with stephanie again tonight . ''
she could hear leonora and alessandro moving away as well but could n't see a damned thing .
you make me think of brent too , and he 's the closest thing i have to family . ''
i do n't know a damned thing about advertising , or i did n't .
i usually skip the sex scenes , but i must have picked up a thing or two in the few i ' ve read . ''
the answer was not a damned thing .
twenty year olds think teenagers do n't know a thing , thirty year olds feel the same about twenty year olds and teenagers , and so on . ''
but worst of all , my coordination was non - existent and i could n't seem to remember a damned thing from my martial arts training .
i promise you it 's the best thing you ' ve ever tasted . ''
she knew you were missing and that something must have happened , but did n't do a damned thing about it .
as for him , he did n't know a damned thing about cooking .
perhaps everything would be the most delicious thing he 'd ever tasted now .
leigh was n't saying a damned thing he had n't already thought of .
` ` then he 'll get permission , '' lucian said as if it were the simplest thing in the world .
fortunately , anders did n't know a thing about the ontario veterinary college at guelph university .
i ' m lying down and there is n't a damned thing you can do about it .
she did n't know a thing about her new cook / housekeeper .
she 'd found herself jumping at the littlest thing .
she saw the floor coming up to meet her , realized she was falling forward into the shower , but could n't do a damn thing about it and did n't particularly care at that moment .
damn , even when unconscious and drooling , the woman was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
which meant the only thing missing were the tiny black panties .
as dan had said in the elevator the day they 'd encountered this man , he did n't know a thing about him and had thought him without family .
` ` his family know that and have n't done a damned thing about it , but hire lawyers to keep him out of trouble and on the streets .
she 'd taken off the fedora and pulled on a short black silk robe that did n't cover a damned thing in the pose she 'd assumed .
as far as i know she has n't told them a thing about it .
` ` then , how- '' ` ` the only thing you need to know is that now that there are blood banks again , they do not need to hunt to feed , '' he said quietly .
that 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
that it was claire beneath him was the only thing that made him pause .
not that any of those arguments meant a damn thing when claire was just an arm 's length away from him and seething with an anger he 'd seldom seen in her but rightly deserved .
they 'd both lived very separate lives , and despite the fact that those lives were converging now , in violence and bloodshed , nothing he could say would change a thing about the past or what might have been .
` ` it does n't change a thing about what we ' ve shared here , or how i feel about you .
for one thing , i do n't like it that gloriana has such a hold on this town , or that bishop is at large .
it 's the only thing thatmakessense .
it was the only thing in view that was n't dusty brown or pallid gray .
i was n't scared of them , much , but i could n't see a damned thing .
the only thing i ever see in his eyes is trouble .
he did n't say a thing as i sat across from him and pulled my knees to my chin , but just that he was listening without judgment was enough to make me cry .
` ` jumpy little thing , is n't she ? ''
what 's this ' bond ' thing ? ''
god , he was taking this trent thing too seriously .
there were stories about the previous owner that no one entirely believed , but one thing was for certain : the man had an unhealthy passion for flying buttresses .
conal might be an untrusting muttonhead , a scotsman , and a werewolf , but the man knew a thing or two about feminine fripperies .
another thing had also become apparent .
ah , yes , skinny little thing ?
the only thing he 'd gotten was a lead as to the whereabouts of lord akeldama 's stolen item , from a ghost agent in good standing assigned to tail the potentate - if one could use the word ` ` tail '' when referring to a vampire .
general y acknowledged as lord akeldama 's favorite , biffy was a pretty young thing , calm and capable .
he was the closest thing i had to family now that everyone else was dead .
` ` now , i just need you to show me one more thing . ''
a near - death experience , and i did n't feel a thing .
` ` that whole breathing thing is n't so important anymore . ''
the first thing i saw , coming out of the elevator , was sky .
or is it the whole ' kick him when he 's down ' thing that 's tweaking your conscience ? ''
i could have twisted your little head right off your neck , and you would n't have felt a thing . ''
funny how such a simple thing like a heartbeat could fascinate me now that i did n't have one .
it was maybe the most precious thing he could offer , and something that i would never deserve .
` ` see , that 's the funny thing , '' jackal shot back .
human magic was still a strange and mysterious thing to me - and completely anathema to the alchemists - but sydney was apparently a natural .
` ` i know no such thing , '' i declared .
` ` the only thing i want from your body is - well , it 's not that .
the only thing marring our relationship was the threat of our parents ' divorce .
` ` which , uh , particular weird thing are you referring to ? ''
we slathered it on the pancakes , and it was the best thing i 'd ever tasted .
i think it 's just a big thing to accept you hold the solution to a huge mystery .
in the end , though , the only thing it yielded me was painful knees .
there is such a thing as hate at first sight .
for one thing , how could you cook it ?
' i ' ve learned a thing or two from esme . '
' oh , there 's a wee bitty thing the carlin ' ogg said you could be givin ' us , hardly important at all , ' he said .
that 's the sort of thing that 'd keep me awake o ' nights . '
' mercy 's a fine thing , but judgin ' comes first .
no such thing as magic .
casual travelers came and went , and never knew a thing ; even most of the college students stayed strictly on campus and put in their time without learning a thing about what was really going on - texas prairie university made sure it was a world unto itself .
casual travelers came and went , and never knew a thing ; even most of the college students stayed strictly on campus and put in their time without learning a thing about what was really going on - texas prairie university made sure it was a world unto itself .
` ` that 's the thing , '' dr . mills said .
whatever that useful thing was , it did n't become clear as they headed for the elevator and crowded inside .
like in any small town , the complexes varied from crappy to less crappy ; there was no such thing as luxury multifamily housing .
she could n't hear a thing from inside .
it would n't do a thing to him .
seemed only right that it ought to be the thing he lost tonight , even if he won everything else .
not a thing could possibly be done to help mine at this point . ''
i was just teasing about the whole neck biting thing . ''
a diving board on the far end indicated where the deep end was , and a few feet on the other side of that was the one thing i was actually really looking forward to ... a hot tub - what looked like a twenty person hot tub , with jets everywhere and areas that conformed to a lying person 's shape , so you could nearly nap in the slightly - below - boiling water .
` ` remember about that stressing thing ... it will be fine . ''
we sat on the edge of the bed and talked about all the things girls talk about when they get together : catty girls at work , or at school in ashley 's case , the current mystery running through our favorite television shows , the most unusual sexual requests , positions and/or places .
they 'll only have a vague sense that they knew this person once ... but every specific thing about us will elude them .
you would think that was the sort of thing he 'd mention while we were trying .
i could n't help it , it was just ... the most beautiful thing i 'd ever heard .
` ` it 's not hot like before , but that 's okay , it 's still the best thing i ' ve ever tasted . ''
` ` you see , here 's the thing . ''
letting go of teren 's hand , ben seemed to wonder the same thing .
it was the last thing i was intending to find .
the announcement of a trip to london had been one thing , and the presence of boys another , but this was the thing to end all things - a ball !
` ` my , my , you are a devious little thing , are n't you ? ''
she might have been a grumpy old thing , but she liked dimity and she trusted sophronia 's instincts .
you are n't missing a thing . ''
the only thing i found that snagged my interest was a stack of business cards in his neatly sorted sock drawer .
` ` it 's that smell thing i keep warning you about .
` ` you can not be sure - ` ` ` ` i can , because the one thing gautier wants , besides power , is my destruction at his hands .
would n't achieve an end to this case , and that was the one thing i wanted above everything else .
not that that meant a thing , of course .
for one thing , i ' ve got to go see david . ''
i felt that rushing thing come at me , too - that huge thing you said came at you hi the end .
i felt that rushing thing come at me , too - that huge thing you said came at you hi the end .
` ` i ' ve got this - angel thing .
the body of the person she 'd loved and trusted ... whose voice had been the last thing she 'd heard at night and the first thing each morning .
his voice is the most beautiful thing i have ever heard .
his fury was a tangible thing .
` ` the healer may be an intelligent miracle - worker , but he does not know the first thing about women .
the seduction was far more than physical ; it was some deep , elemental thing she could not precisely put her finger on .
there is no such thing as divorce to them ; it is n't in their vocabulary .
at the last he did n't feel a thing , suddenly welcoming the end .
` ` this is a small thing the prince has requested , mrs . sanders .
why did i not hunger for such a thing ? ''
he would n't feel a thing when he took her offering , but maybe , if he took her life at the same time , he would have that one moment ...
she did n't blame them for thinking she was a child of the devil ; many of them were superstitious and , quite frankly - well - she was a child of the devil or the closest thing to it - at least the great - great granddaughter of the devil .
this thing is really making me angry .
but this - this simple thing he gave her and she was overjoyed .
you protect me all the time , the only real thing i have to give you in return is knowledge and you do n't take it seriously . ''
` ` you know , when you started in about the entire lifemate thing , i did n't protest too much , because you were kind of cute . ''
` ` you want the actual thing ? ''
i listen to you often , and your words are the only thing in this world that make sense to me anymore . ''
if destiny had n't heard mary ann speaking to one of her clients , if her words had n't been the very thing destiny had been starving to hear , she would have continued her nomad existence and nicolae would not have found her .
i had no idea such things existed outside of movies and books , but i ' ve had two days to think about that thing .
how could he ask or demand such a thing of destiny ?
destiny had never thought of herself as being a ` ` little thing , '' and a reluctant smile found its way briefly to her eyes .
` ` everyone wanted to laugh , a little thing like her breaking that chair .
sara loved every single thing about the estate .
and i did n't find one surgical nurse who knew a thing about it .
and then there was the blood thing .
you wanted me here , mr . wallace , and now you have the very thing you wished for . ''
` ` there is no such thing as secrets between us .
` ` do not even make a joke of such a thing .
` ` you know , aidan , half the time i ca n't understand a thing you say .
aidan sounded the same - quiet , mild , almost expressionless , as if none of this meant a thing to him and thomas was no threat of any consequence .
they would be alone , and there was n't a thing aidan savage could do about it .
` ` you do not know the first thing about me , alexandria .
` ` i do n't think i could ever get used to the coffin thing .
you would never even attempt to hide such a thing from me .
she is the only thing standing between you and certain death . ''
his dark examination was the most intimate thing she had ever experienced .
i doubt very much if her father left her a thing , and from what he said he 's her only relative . ''
there was no condemnation in her voice , only a soft musing as if she could n't comprehend such a thing .
if i was afraid of gabriel and thought him capable of outright murder , if he was threatening me in some way , even with so trivial a thing as blackmail , do you think for one moment i would expose skyler to such a person ?
` ` you do n't know the first thing about parenting , do you ? ''
` ` you do not know the first thing about the carpathian male . ''
fear was an ugly , living thing she could n't shake .
no one admitted to knowing a thing .
` ` your lifemate is a mean little thing , healer .
` ` one more thing for me to teach you , chrie , and we both will enjoy the experience . ''
` ` you do not have to feel a thing , '' gregori said quietly , his voice strictly neutral .
it is n't the real thing .
she was such a compassionate little thing , and she wove such a spell of enchantment around men without even realizing it .
` ` i do n't understand the vampire thing .
it was odd to think he could read her thoughts , but it did n't bother her much , certainly not as it would if anyone else claimed such a thing .
i have no experience with such a thing .
she had n't heard a thing , and the security guard had n't escorted anyone into the room , yet two people were standing just inside the door .
he would never betray a friendship , and he 's the closest thing to family i have .
her fingers clutched the quilt , a strange thing to find so comforting .
feeling her way through his mind , she discovered every secret thing that drove him crazy .
she 'd told him every secret thing about her .
a simple thing .
she was going to give him this small thing .
he was infinitely gentle , so tender she felt wrapped in a cocoon of love when she had long ago forgotten there was such a thing .
` ` you are becoming a bossy little thing .
` ` it is the same thing , '' riordan said .
use details , down to the smallest thing you remember about him , including scent and emotion , '' riordan advised .
luiz had n't noticed , and jaguar people were not only observant , but they could read things in the forest few others could .
` ` your mama sure did n't teach you a thing about manners , did she ? ''
it was a frightening thing to stretch out her arm and offer her wrist , but she trusted him ; even with the red flames flickering in the depth of his dark eyes , she trusted him with her life .
she 'd hurt herself though , and truthfully , he 'd barely felt a thing .
` ` you are a bad - tempered little thing , are n't you ?
she does n't understand a thing , bonnie realized , dazed , as caroline walked off .
` ` and there was another thing .
` ` not a thing to do with coincidence .
the only thing i do n't know is why you did n't go into vickie 's house to help her . ''
` ` honor is the only thing i had left to me , colby , before you came into my life . ''
the first thing you learn as a hunter is to separate the man you knew and loved as a friend from the monster who battles you with every intention of killing you .
a childish thing , but of course he would use it . ''
her voice was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever heard and he concentrated on it , on that soft , sweet melody that seemed to take him somewhere far away from the stark brutality of his existence .
you are a bossy little thing , but i like that .
razvan 's smile softened into the real thing .
no one can understand such a thing unless they are born to the craft .
` ` he does not remember , '' byron pointed out , ` ` that is not the same thing as knowledge .
the only thing we did turn up was a donation given to a harvard university alumni association made in his name .
` ` no need to trouble yourself with a thing .
i did n't mean a thing to either one of them .
ironic that he should find her now , when the last thing he wanted - the very last thing he deserved - was a woman as extraordinary as tavia fairchild .
` ` the mind is an amazing thing , really , '' he says , shaking the vial .
i put my knife away , beginning to question why i ca n't remember a single thing about him .
the only thing i can tap into is he 's afraid i might die , that 's it , the same fear over and over again .
` ` no , she ca n't feel a thing , '' i lie , losing count of the number of lies i ' ve told for the day .
she could n't hear a thing from inside it .
when sean reappeared with a garbage bag full of salvaged clothes , he told rue the only thing he knew for sure was missing was her address book .
would i give my princess anything but the real thing ? ''
is n't daddy just the sweetest thing ? ''
i did n't hear a damn thing until he was right on me .
so i get her over to the crime scene and the first thing she asks about is footwear evidence .
` ` the only thing i can tell you is what the killer seems to want us to see . ''
` ` i have n't lifted a thing . ''
i opened the bag and let the hard thing inside -- the cluviel dor , the gift from my fairy grandfather -- fall into my palm .
` ` i thought it would be a wonderful thing to teach little ones the first things they needed to know to get along in the world , '' she said , as if she 'd pressed the button on a recording .
i did n't hear a thing , naturally , though i listened for a few seconds in utter stillness .
he had n't said a thing about his wing , so i knew he 'd be okay .
` ` and another thing , '' i added , slightly mollified .
matalina was such a pretty little thing .
i could n't feel a thing - anywhere .
he 'd given her the most priceless , intimate thing he had , with hardly the slightest hesitation .
what was this thing that she yearned for so badly ?
the only thing greater than sabine 's powers was her vanity .
cruel was sleeping on the floor , knowing that she was nearby in a bed and there was n't a damned thing he could do about it .
` ` i ' m still worried about this ' master ' thing pat talked about on the phone .
` ` interesting , '' carlos grumbled , ` ` but we have n't learned a damned thing about any panthers in the area . ''
` ` i ca n't help but wonder how it compares to the real thing . ''
` ` a conflict about the friendship thing , i mean .
emmett and jasper were the closest thing to indestructible i could imagine .
you know , '' i teased halfheartedly , ` ` this whole secrecy and deception thing is kind of a pain . ''
what 's that other thing ? ''
` ` well , i guess , first , i wanted to talk to you about that whole ridiculous marriage condition thing . ''
unhealthy to be sure , but hope could be a cruel , tenacious thing .
mira had n't said a thing the entire trip north from the rebel base in new bedford , aside from the choice words she had for him when he 'd placed her in the vehicle wearing a blindfold and handcuffs .
word came back that most of the local lowlifes had n't known the first thing about a civilian abduction , so whoever was responsible was keeping the intel close to their vest .
you and i both know mira 's gift is a powerful thing .
` ` there is no such thing as vacation for guardians when emergencies happen , '' he said , voice dark and full of the anger so evident in his expression .
i could n't see a goddamn thing ... until a shadow moved on the top of the apartment building next to ours .
so , obviously not fully over that whole blood - loss thing yet .
the most important thing to note is that you must be on a middle level or higher to get between sections .
it did n't do a thing to show off my curves , and i turned to my mirror , frowning .
her voice is the eeriest thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` the only thing i have on trent is that i know what he is , and if i tell , quen will freaking kill me ! ''
think you know everything and never listen to a damn thing . ''
it 's the first thing - no , the second thing - that a new familiar is taught . ''
it 's the first thing - no , the second thing - that a new familiar is taught . ''
the only thing missing was jenks 's wiseass remarks and a sprinkling of pixy dust .
that thought distracted her so much , she did n't hear her phone ring at first ; she 'd set it to ultrasonic , so the professor rambled on down on the stage of the stadium - seating room without noticing a thing .
as you know , we do value that sort of thing .
` ` this girl , she 's quite the enterprising little thing .
there was this little thing , '' she holds her hand out to the side , snapping her fingers , considering something .
` ` it 's the first thing i thought of when i ran out of the house . ''
the only thing i fear is life without her . ''
it 'd be the most annoying thing , except for the fact that i have thousands of other problems .
` ` there 's one thing i do n't get , '' evan says , fiddling with the chain on his belt loop .
i ca n't see a damn thing , but i can hear aislin breathing loudly , like she 's scared to death .
do you know any- thing about your adoption ? ''
especially because when i do look back , she thought , trudging into the street , i ca n't seem to see a thing !
pulling up the black velvet bed skirt , it took her a moment to realize the only thing under there was her sister 's shiny coffin .
ivy and i have n't been able to find out a thing about our background . ''
` ` anyway , the only thing i could find out was a reference to a bishop - maybe not the same one - who killed a whole lot of people about five hundred years ago . ''
it was probably delicious , but claire could n't taste a thing .
the first thing to go - for all the vampires of morganville - had been the ability to reproduce .
not that she knew the first thing about picking locks , exactly , but she could learn .
they took my magic away , so the only thing i could do would be to try to beat her off , but she was n't going to feel a thing !
okay , so it was easy to figure out that some of them were black , but was there such a thing as a white curse ?
he had only asked one thing of me , and i quickly agreed , adding my own request .
i could n't hear a thing over the electronic pop music .
the thing gave me the willies .
` ` you do n't know a thing about this , do you ? ''
` ` if you ' ve got a beef with me , let 's do coffee and i 'll explain things to you in little words , '' i said , jerking from glenn .
my breath caught , and i felt cold , not about the debt - of - gratitude thing , but that keasley knew something i had n't until last solstice .
piscary had everything to gain if i gave it to him , and the only thing he had to lose was revenge .
maybe i just needed some comfort , knowing she was going through hell and there was n't a damned thing i could do about it .
generally , vamps did n't achieve any great degree of immunity to the sun until they were well over five hundred years old ` ` if i wanted to kill you , '' he said , his dark eyes meeting mine , ` ` i could do so now , and no one on this street would see , or hear , a thing .
wanted to explore the full boundaries of what we had only that was the last damn thing he wanted but as i 'd warned him not so long ago , i was a wolf ready to fight for what she believed in and i was more than willing to fight for the possibilities that lay unexplored between me and this vampire well , well , '' rhoan said , his gaze jumping from me to quinn and back again as we walked up the path toward him .
` ` and i want to make sure this thing did n't make him sick in the first place . ''
she could n't see a thing , and for a second she just stood there , hoping her eyes might adjust .
oliver drove fast , which was alarming , because claire of course could n't see a thing through the extremely dark windows .
nurse watkins did n't hear a thing .
i had a definite feeling i was missing some thing here .
i was learning a thing or two from mathilda .
well , actually that is not totally true , because i never imagined there was such a thing .
` ` i ' m the closest thing you have to family around here ! ''
she had n't heard a thing when she 'd listened - carefully - at his door .
as a witch , i was sensitive to that kind of thing .
the only thing on the walls besides his detective certificate was a dusty bulletin board with hundreds of sticky notes thumbtacked to it , hanging right over that long table .
the only physical thing i needed was an object to serve as a focal point .
maybe they 'll let you sit in and ivy can teach you a thing or two . ''
the sight of his strong , bronze hands on her soft , white flesh proved the most erotic thing she 'd ever seen .
she 'd be all fuzzy and- '' felicity would have continued but lady maccon lost her patience , a thing she was all too prone to misplacing .
` ` but you never mentioned a thing to me on the subject . ''
his shoulders tensed and floote looked , if such a thing were to be conceived , uncomfortable .
it was all very well coordinated , perhaps too well , as a scientific etching of an animal compares to the real thing .
` ` i do not think it is quite the same thing , lord ambrose , '' remonstrated alexia .
that whole sensitive children of the night thing was total b.s .
the only thing in mrs . casnoff 's office that was even remotely like i 'd expected was her chair .
it would ' ve gone faster if we 'd worked together , but i was still pissed off about the kleenex thing .
` ` i think this whole arranged marriage thing is gross and barbaric . ''
after a moment we started talking about the trip again , and i made jenna laugh by wondering aloud if there was such a thing as vampire high tea .
` ` the only thing lamer and more pretentious than latin is made - up latin . ''
now the silence in the room felt like a heavy , tangible thing .
the only thing i do n't understand is why you 'd want to ally yourself with stupid humans , when you know they 're going to lose . ''
the only thing i was missing was being an actual member of the coffin club - by becoming a real vampire .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about making drinks , '' becky said , overwhelmed with our new mission .
` ` wow - you can learn a thing or two about manners from her , '' he said to me .
but the most important thing i 'd be missing was alexander .
gods , she was a pretty thing .
` ` ach , you should know that a lykae 's curiosity is a powerful thing . ''
` ` you 're the only thing that makes sense to me . ''
` ` no such thing as wicca credit . ''
darkness was reaching the point of total black , like a tomb , where he would n't be able to see a damn thing .
how could she answer him without admitting the very thing she did n't want him to know ?
he really liked every damn thing about her .
she needed a lot of things , all from shane , and she could n't think of a blessed thing right now that she needed from jason rosser .
though given what i 'd seen on those videos , the only thing brown had seemed interested in passing was his own dead sperm .
` ` you want me to go exclusive , and yet you 're not willing to tell me a damn thing about you or your past . ''
and thanks to the accident , i could n't remember a goddamn thing .
not until i was totally sure this clairvoyance thing was a developing talent , and not some weird mutation of the fear that sat like a weight in my gut .
` ` that is the sweetest thing ! ''
lucan admired that about him , and had to admit watching dante in combat with those ruthless blades was a thing of beauty , enough to put any artist to shame .
the wet , succulent sounds of his hunger was the most erotic thing she 'd ever heard .
she meant it to be an invitation , but that was the thing that shocked sense back into him .
despite that , if she had it to do over , she would n't change a thing .
` ` hope is a thing with feathers . ''
i was nt there for that whole covenant thing .
for once , neither of us learned a thing .
and if drug dealing is n't bad enough , you have this whole love doctor thing that really turns me off . ''
` ` she has n't eaten a thing all day .
of course , now that he knew what he was ... now that he lived as a vampire among vampires , he understood that ` ` owning '' thing much more clearly .
the only thing that registered was the dim awareness that a sweet stench was all he could smell .
` ` second , i do n't know a damn thing about symphaths .
ready to teach her a thing or two about plans , he ripped open her door , and dragged her out by the arm .
looking up at the mirror over the sink , qhuinn could n't see a thing because it was totally dark in both the bathroom and the bedroom .
the only thing that was real was the cash , and you know what ?
try as she did , she could n't manage to say a thing .
her body felt weightless and disconnected , and man , that floaty thing was so not helping her on the get - grounded front .
turned out john was the only thing that mattered to her .
john was the only thing that mattered .
` ` ah ... the only thing that makes sense is manhattan .
with that hood up in place , the only thing that showed of the female underneath was a pair of delicate hands that , from time to time , cut a piece of meat or forked up some rice .
qhuinn was n't hearing a thing .
xcor had something throe wanted - the only thing , really .
as the door clamped shut behind him , the first thing he saw in the mudroom was their winter coats .
` ` this is not the kind of thing i 'll be reducing to writing .
there was no greater or more precious thing to a male than his offspring - especially if it was a female .
jane and the surgeon had been tight for years , so if there was persuading to do , she 'd have better luck on her own - assuming she could get past the whole back - from - the - dead thing .
you 're not going to feel a thing , i promise you . ''
manny could feel himself panting , but he could n't hear a thing as the blood roared in his ears .
males were magnificent like that , and what a surprise to learn such a thing .
not a thing , delvecchio . ''
` ` then you need not utter a thing , for i know too well where i sit . ''
` ` but then why do n't - ` ` ` ` i think your brother 's out in the hall , for one thing .
for several long centuries , he 'd been perfecting his general state of apathy like armor that had long since meshed into his own skin , so unless he willed it , he should n't feel a goddamn thing .
the only thing that had snapped him back to his wits was her sudden flood of anxiety .
but your father 's still not happy about you living in that place , off campus , with those older kids -- ` ` of all the things for mom to remember , she had to remember that .
like the ride in sam 's car the day before , she could n't see a thing outside the windows except a faint gray dot where the sun was rising .
nobody else had heard a thing , apparently .
not ... a ... thing , sarge . ''
` ` now why would a little lad like you say a little thing like that ? ''
me , i do n't know a thing , sir . ''
piety is a wonderful thing .
` ` yes , but there 's such a thing as doing it properly !
they were like paintings , when you had been there and had seen the real thing .
` ` kinky little thing , are n't you ? ''
` ` feisty little thing , is n't she ? ''
somehow they 'd snuck up on him again ; he had n't heard a thing .
they had n't heard a thing .
i looked around , but the only thing that surrounded me now were the empty sand dunes , silvery white in the moonlight .
but now your mind is blank- i ca n't hear a thing .
the most important thing you should know is that my father is dangerous .
he did n't feel a thing .
this whole soul mate thing had apparently caught us both off guard .
i just have n't had the opportunity to share that particular thing . ''
the next thing i needed for the awful ambush kit was ...
they are the closest thing our world has to a royal family , i suppose .
he 's still touchy about the whole james thing . ''
you wo n't feel a thing , i promise .
being in the tavern , i felt i 'd stumbled into a secret society of men , just one more thing i knew i 'd have little chance to discover before i was a married man and expected to be at home every evening .
the only thing that countered the cloying scent was the heady smell of iron .
` ` they will never understand this sort of thing . ''
but reason was only a created thing , imposed with faith upon the world , and the stars promise nothing to no one .
it felt odd to see this other elena , as she could n't help thinking of her , her blond hair pul ed back in an elegant french twist , creamy skin flushed with excitement , smiling with her best friends , and not remember a thing about it .
she specializes in witchcraft , folk magic , curses , al that kind of thing . ''
the guardians were the closest thing she had ever seen to real angels , and she did not have fond memories of them .
elena peered at the papers on the wal s and then stepped back with a sharp gasp : the first thing she had been able to make out was a picture of her own face .
` ` the last thing i remember is being on a bench .
at travis 's shrug , schecter said , ` ` that 's the thing .
` ` got to hand it to you , the wish thing was brilliant , '' she said .
apart from the not - moving thing .
` ` relax , he did n't suspect a thing .
once i 'd invited him past the threshold of my home , there was n't one damn thing i could do to stop him entering anytime he pleased , as often as he pleased .
i was here , he was sitting in his van , and there was n't a damn thing he could do to stop me now .
which i supposed was the only thing some guys worried about .
after another breath that did n't do a thing to calm my stomach , i raised the knife and sliced down as hard as i could .
` ` we may not be able to get her out , but maybe we can give her the one thing she really wants . ''
and once i finally got there , i realized there was one thing i did n't have : a uniform .
` ` but it 's some- thing .
maybe beth and mr . snyder had a thing , like mary and mr .
i thought about asking mom if she knew much about ghosts possessing people - if that had been what the whole pushing thing had been about - but decided against it .
` ` first the salt thing , now witches summoning ghosts ... ' '' romy was looking at me weird , too .
it was the scariest thing she 'd ever imagined , not - being .
` ` the only thing i do n't understand is why you never bit me before . ''
but she 'd been stupid - she 'd forgotten the mostimportant thing .
maybe he just changed mewithout telling me a thing . ''
i hardly felt a thing . ''
` ` i ' m sure he 'll call soon , '' abigail said , even though she was wondering the same thing .
` ` we do n't have to do a damned thing for you , '' gregori growled .
` ` there is one more thing i want . ''
unfortunately , cops need to have this sticky thing called evidence before they arrest and prosecute , and zach keeps reminding me that all i have on skeeter arnold is suspicion . ''
god , she could barely feel a thing as she stood there , numb with shock and a horror so profound she could n't even summon the breath to scream .
the only thing i know about them is that my mother 's name was jocelyn and i only know that because it 's on my birth certificate , which does n't list my father 's name and sophia refuses to give me an explanation as to why .
i ca n't see a damn thing , except for the eyes moving toward me .
` ` but , i guess that 's what i ' m trying to ask , minus the whole killer thing .
` ` it 's does n't represent the same thing as laylen 's . ''
no one 's ever told me anything about her and i ca n't remember a single thing . ''
before i know it , i ca n't see a damn thing .
` ` i ' m not sure if you know much about what a foreseer does , or who we are , so i 'll explain because it really is the most magnificent thing , '' he says and repositions the bottom of his robe so it 's covering his feet .
it 's the most magnificent thing i ' ve ever discovered . ''
` ` shit , the damn mirage thing . ''
the first thing that appears in my mind is a clear picture of the lake .
it 's a remarkable , earth - shattering thing to look into the eyes of a youthful you , to see yourself as you once were , young , foolish , gullible .
his frown became even darker , if such a thing could be conceived .
` ` if you like that sort of thing .
as such , he knew a lot more than just how to butler , and that included a thing or two on the organization of misdemeanors .
she supposed that after so many centuries , death was no longer a fearsome thing .
` ` that automaton thing tastes awful , '' he announced , wiping his face with the back of one hand .
` ` do not worry about a thing , mama .
she had tunnel vision now : everything on the sides was a blur ; the only clear thing was eric 's profile .
the only thing she could give eric was death .
` ` and i ' m absolutely going to try the chopstick - in - the - hair thing .
` ` it 's the only thing in the world , '' she said slowly , ` ` that my real parents gave me . ''
` ` do you ... do you know any- thing else about them ? ''
` ` we do n't know a thing about them . ''
` ` you 're not going to give me a damned thing , are you ?
` ` nobody can see a thing .
it does n't change a damned thing for you , corinne ... but i want you to know that a day has n't gone by that i did n't think about you and wish that i had been there .
` ` i do n't know a thing about her .
we exchanged a dozen or so e - mails , but i did n't really learn a thing about the woman .
she closed her eyes , trying to place herself back in the van so that she would remember more clearly , finally , she said , ` ` the first thing i remember is it was raining . ''
she looked young , but she was n't , so he had n't been lusting after a sweet young thing .
not the distress thing .
well , it 's the kind of thing that sticks with you .
` ` so you can eat the whole thing if you want . ''
and that was n't the only thing i suddenly found overwhelming .
the only interesting thing in there with her was the man addressing her from the doorway .
` ` he 's an affectionate little thing . ''
her stomach settled a little and she was willing to bet food would help even more , but she was n't ingesting a thing she was offered .
all her life she had mocked the whole consummating a marriage thing .
oh , back to the demon magic thing .
` ` it 's hard to watch someone do something this incredibly stupid , especially when there is n't a damn thing you can do to help them . ''
the light from him was clean and pure , the only thing here that was really white .
i guess the first thing you need to know is ... that you do n't know everything there is to know about vampires yet .
but now that i have planted the seeds , you will start remembering many things , including the things these two men have in common with the man in your service now .
but now that i have planted the seeds , you will start remembering many things , including the things these two men have in common with the man in your service now .
she did n't understand a thing .
the police found him passed out on the church floor , and he does n't remember a thing . ''
` ` i ca n't read a thing , '' said elena , staring at what now seemed to be a featureless piece of white paper .
` ` he does n't seem too thrilled with the whole halloween thing . ''
` ` no one really knows a thing about him .
it was the first thing any vampire hunter learned .
the only thing i haven`t figured out is what the crop circles mean .
i had n't heard a thing , even with my vampire senses .
after hanging his standard outside the tent , he 'd made himself at home - because that was the closest thing he had to one now .
` ` the only thing i know is that the vampire is highly motivated . ''
and there was n't a damn thing bettina could do to help trehan daciano .
she shuddered to think what would happen if she put in a frantic yell to themfor one thing , they d already had their memories altered by morganvilles strange psychic field , or so she assumed , since they d forgotten all about ordering her home for living off campus .
pasta , apparently , was a new thing that eve wanted to try .
sure , vampires she could acceptgrudginglyand the whole mind - control thing .
claire opened her eyes and was instantly sorry , because the smoke burned and stung , and she could nt see a thing anyway .
` ` tyler and those guys ca n't identify the attacker because they ca n't remember a thing about that afternoon , '' meredith added .
though i doubt i can answer any- thing that deals with vampire politics .
it was as simple a thing as knowing that the dogs would need dinner in an hour .
` ` the first thing a player learns is how to fall , my lady .
it would be clear she was honoring him for his scientific advances on behalf of their species , but no one would surmise that she had any- thing but respect for the far more lower - ranking vampire and his well - known father .
` ` i have some- thing for you . ` `
and if she had to make them hate her to do so , so be it , because she could not allow herself the slightest inkling of softer emotion , the very thing that led to disappointment , rejection and heartbreak .
` ` and maybe they can help us with '' - lewis changed to telepathic speech in midsentence - this thing .
the building had been crawling with gentle humans who noticed not a thing as they 'd stolen the clothes they now wore , uniforms of the young , and left by a broken door into an alley .
ah , memory was too ghastly a thing .
he saw the face that he had painted , now darkened slightly with the thing we naively call wisdom ; and he saw the same love he had counted upon so totally in those lost nights .
the spirits did that sort of thing all the time .
she loathed this spirit that he made known such an awful thing to her .
i got up and walked around for a few minutes , merely looking at the flowers , and the odd way the white petals caught the lamplight and how dark the reds looked ; and how the golden light was caught on the surfaces of the mirrors , all the other lovely things .
the room was hushed ; not a thing stirred ; the sound of the sea came in , that distant monotonous booming .
khayman , who was now free of the thing , lay on the floor of the palace exhausted , fearing for his sovereigns but not knowing what to do .
khayman , the glaring torch in his hand ! -the trees of the garden - why , it was as if i had never truly seen such simple things for what they were !
` ` and i would have you examine one thing further in regard to it ; perhaps the single most valuable thing which i have ever learned .
not just because you learned a thing or two about women when you were a vampire , but because he knew elena .
and for one thing , i do n't think you should be without my protection and companionship while my little brother is gone . ''
the spiritual thing ?
for one thing , you would n't normally stay and watch people do - private things , would you ?
she could certainly wait until daybreak , when no self - respecting black magic - worker would ever thing of beginning a ceremony .
` ` this out of body thing ?
once the star ball has taken it from your neurons , you do n't remember a thing about the event .
but that was n't the most horrifying thing ; the thing that sent matt spiraling out into darkness .
she goes into a trance and no matter how she 's marked ; she does n't feel a thing - ` ` ` ` - blood running down her sides like water and she never flinched - ` ` ` ` they 're a professional act .
i fed him rat poison yesterday , but it did n't do a thing . ''
her lips were impossibly soft and warm , the softest thing he 'd ever felt .
` ` i ' ve learned a thing or two since then .
meredith and bonnie and matt were her friends , but this was one thing she could n't share with them .
not that i am jealous or any- thing , even though sir horace was my ghost first .
i had a quick look for big bat , but i could n't see a thing .
besides , the story does n't mean a thing .
i do that sort of thing all the time .
i ' m too good at picking up that sort of thing .
instead i drank some more of the delicious orange juice , and i began to think of things ... remember things .
that 's the simplest thing about dealing with me , apparently .
and that 's another thing you must learn , to veil your thoughts .
beneath these deep enervating emotions , i was not unhappy ; and to be aware of this , to know it truly , was perhaps a wondrous thing .
` ` the only thing i want from you is your absence .
trust was a sacred thing , and lies mocked it .
perhaps intelligence is the only thing left . ''
can '' t see a thing in this gloom .
` ` of course , monuments to battles that didn '' t take place might be stretching things a bit , but a stamp- '' ` ` lady sybil really worries about you , sir . ''
` ` pretend i '' m a city man who doesn '' t know a bloody thing about caves , why don '' t you ? ''
she was a buxom thing , perhaps more round than lyall favored , if biffy was any judge of the man 's taste , but of very pleasant disposition and inclined to chatter once steered in the correct direction .
` ` but how could you possibly know a thing like that ? ''
the first thing to appear was the famous lighthouse , rising above the level of a colorless line of coast .
in order to make more of a thing of it , alexia purchased a donkey rope off an obliging , though confused , donkey boy .
` ` but , genevieve , how would you know a thing like that ?
` ` you do n't know a thing about honor or loyalty .
you disappeared into the city every night , not saying a thing about where you were going or what you were doing .
jackie had been a tiny little thing , and while he 'd always known and respected that she could handle herself , he 'd still been the brawn in the partnership .
` ` i just moved here a few months ago , so i could stand to learn a thing or two . ''
` ` maybe some time we can go to the museum together and i can teach you a thing or two about art , '' alice suggested .
there is no such thing as peace , she thought to herself .
separate them from each other , but do not tell them a thing .
this time sophia wo n't suspect a thing .
` ` i ' m not implying a damn thing .
no one suspected a thing , not from her .
but she did n't , ` ` what other thing ? ''
speaking with intentions that were well meant , did n't mean a thing either .
the first thing they were getting was willow bark .
the purging strengthened the remaining human 's blood by forcing a survival of the fittest on a group of people who did n't know the first thing about survival .
but she did n't say a thing .
he did n't notice a thing .
` ` the one thing you were never taught , what you struggled with daily .
` ` she gave me the one thing that you would n't . ''
the only thing i discovered , however , were several old hangers sporting cobwebs instead of clothes .
they would n't hear of such a thing . ''
` ` you did n't see a thing . ''
she prayed it was , because at the moment , the warrior was the only thing close to an ally she had , and if she wanted to find mira - if she stood any chance of retrieving the child from the vampire who had her now - she knew that she could n't do it alone .
she 'd evidently fallen asleep in the tub at some point because the last thing she remembered was hearing jack 's voice in the garage apartment after nikolai had gone out to meet him , and there was no sign of him now .
i think florence knew many things by that time that would only much later be learnt in france and england , and which are not known in some countries to this day .
` ` you know no such thing , '' said mastema .
` ` no ' a damn thing 's wrong with you that i can tell .
when you turned eighteen , should i have said , ' your parents are frozen in eternal pain and agony - and you ca n't do a damned thing about it for many years . ' ?
` ` look , the main thing you need to know about circle daybreak is what it 's trying to do right now .
the only thing i have of hers is a note that was in the box .
she found one thing out that surprised her , though , and she found it out quickly .
the only thing i do know is that if we can do this , if helena can do this , it would be best for all involved . ''
i forgot about the lactose - intolerant thing . ''
yes , the immortality thing scares the bejeezus out of me .
i do n't put too much emphasis on the blood thing .
good thing peter does n't blush , or get offended by that sort of thing .
then there 's this thing inside of you that makes you reach out , just to see .
partying is one thing she 's never seemed to mind , like it one of those rights of passage .
i ' m trying to commit it to memory , and thanking my stars that there is such a thing as google .
the only thing that answers me is the echo of my own voice and silence .
i start with the less - stupid ones , like the sun thing .
i guess that emotionless noctalis thing is reserved to peter .
the most vocal of all things , thing two - and - a - half , rattles away in my throat , threatening to jump out of my mouth in a moment of weakness .
the last thing i remember is the sound of the pages turning .
the first thing i notice are his shoes .
nick started to argue the point , but really ... was n't whether or not a zombie could smell you the most ludicrous thing on the planet to fight about ?
if there was such a thing as a hell - mouth , this place stood on it .
anytime something happens , they immediately blame it on the video games we play , cartoons we watch , music we listen to , or some occult thing that 's as ludicrous as blaming dandd and rpg . ''
` ` the only thing you 're going to be master of is detention .
his luck , the only thing it 'd show him was that he had something stuck between his teeth .
the only thing that matters is what you can prove .
yet lately , every little thing annoyed him .
unlike his office , sraosha was a thing of absolute beauty as he stood waiting next to the floor - to - ceiling windows that looked out onto nothing .
` ` that 's the one good thing about living so long ... it definitely gives you time to reflect and see things you miss when you 're being assaulted with problems and are trying to get through a very finite life span . ''
but the only thing i know for certain is that they do n't hold him with any kind of regard .
` ` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself , '' nick said in his best fdr accent , then he shrugged nonchalantly .
it 's a lovely thing , is n't it ? ''
` ` he listened to all this and he said : ' what is your estimation of all you saw , or each thing , however you wish to tell me ? '
` ` explain the thing to me , rebbe .
` ` know this thing first before you learn any more , '' he said .
he dragged her towards him as he went on and on , shouting over her screams : ` ` you are the most dreadful disappointment of my life , '' he cried , ` ` and now as i seek to make all things new , to make all things whole , for you and for me , rose , you do this to me , to me ! ''
he dragged her towards him as he went on and on , shouting over her screams : ` ` you are the most dreadful disappointment of my life , '' he cried , ` ` and now as i seek to make all things new , to make all things whole , for you and for me , rose , you do this to me , to me ! ''
and everard had never been formally taught a thing about the higher gifts .
` ` but why did he come down here to be with you , '' asked daniel , ` ` to make this thing , the talamasca ?
whatever happens , you , the blood drinkers enlivened by this thing and dependent upon it , must come together and be prepared to act .
first brood and queens blood had no longer meant the slightest thing to either of them .
` ` what louis is saying , '' he said to rose , ` ` is that once we do pass that barrier we 'll know things that we 'll never be able to change or forget .
the voice can tell us things no other entity in this world can , and that includes perhaps other spirits who are among us- . ''
the sleeves of the gown were long and full , and the robe draped exquisitely on her , on the girlish body that was now a thing of stone .
stick around for two thousand years - you 're bound to pick up a thing or two .
` ` curious little thing , is n't she ? ''
in contrast to the thirst for vengeance that had driven her since her death , hope seemed such a fragile thing .
the first thing she bought after moving in was a twin bed .
joe had n't heard a thing .
the ambien is the only thing that makes sense . ''
that seems like the sort of thing you 'd want to mention before you came for a visit . ''
this whole spending the holidays with people thing left something to be desired .
still , there was the whole not getting into trouble thing ...
manfred did n't think she missed a thing .
for the next five minutes , pigeons could have landed on shoshanna whitlock 's head and she would not have been able to do a thing about it .
for a long moment , he did n't say a thing .
her curly hair blew around her head like a light brown nimbus , and she could n't see a thing .
` ` and here 's another thing , '' he said .
as he 'd feared , he 'd be sent away and the kinda sorta freedom he now had would be a thing of the past .
the time travel thing . ''
let 's forget the drainer thing for now . ''
after you woke up , you never would have felt a thing . ''
` ` sarcasm is an ugly thing , mary ann .
the suppression thing was the reason tucker had glued himself to her side .
a thing of beauty , that horn .
she was a pretty thing but vicious in her determination .
` ` we 'll revisit the time - travel thing later . ''
the first thing to understand about him is that he looked like a guy who could actually carry off the name ` ` balthazar '' without being mocked for all time .
it was really okay ; he really did n't know a thing .
my mother revealed an unexpected sadistic streak by covering every single thing she 'd ever mentioned in class - though the main essay on the missouri compromise had at least been signaled in advance by some bouncing on the balls of her feet .
first thing in the morning - no , he has an exam first thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as permanence .
by the time you come out , i wo n't be able to see a thing . ''
i 'd been so sure i would get answers tonight , but instead i had n't learned a thing .
but maturity is n't a purely emotional thing , bianca .
my parents did n't suspect a thing ; in fact , they looked thrilled .
` ` you 're as much in love with lucas ross as you ever were , and there 's not a damn thing i can do about it .
lucas , though- '' ` ` he 's not doing a thing .
in my opinion that was justification enough , but it was n't the kind of thing we could explain .
the first thing that intruded into my consciousness sharply enough to goad me into speaking was the sign hanging overhead .
the sky above looked milky and gray , like the fog below ; the only substantial thing in the world seemed to be the school 's stones jutting up dark and real .
the first thing that made me think about was chop suey , and i imagined a chinese restaurant .
the only thing we do know is that they would ' ve tried to convince me to become a full vampire , and i do n't want that .
it would n't do any good , but standing here - i ca n't do a damn thing . ''
the last thing he needed to hear was how well all the other vampires could manage .
he 'd taken it with him when he went into the fight , to die ; that was the only thing that had allowed me to reach him .
mrs . bethany was offering him the thing he 113 wanted most in the world .
after six weeks she did n't know a damned thing about the man .
now , he accepted he had n't known a damned thing .
but when it comes to coffee , i know a thing or two .
the first thing i saw was a photograph of a smiling , pretty michelle stewart .
this whole dead animal thing was getting much too common .
` ` she 's well - dressed and obviously has connections , but we hardly know a thing about her .
auras were an interesting thing , and i was only just beginning to learn about them .
the next thing i noticed was the strangled sounds i heard ... of course , those strangled sounds were my own feeble attempts to breathe .
the last thing i heard was this mingling of dreadful sound , as again i was seized in the giant - grasp and dragged away , while the hailstones beat on me , and the air around seemed reverberant with the howling of wolves .
i must have fallen asleep ; for the next thing i remembered was finding myself standing up , supported by a soldier on each side of me .
a pose is an artificial thing .
maybe i could learn a thing or two .
he said , ` ` i know a thing or two about secrets , lil ' lady , especially after keeping such a big one for so long . ''
chapter fifty - six the first thing i saw was a table .
the only thing keeping it in place was the bone and tendons and skin .
` ` when he cuts his hair , '' said allison , sitting forward between us , gasping and wiping her eyes , her voice barely above a squeak , ` ` it just keep growing out even longer ... within days ... hours ... that 's the funniest thing i ' ve ever heard . ''
` ` i ' m not a thing , danny .
in fact , i was pretty certain she had n't said a thing ... or looked at me for that matter .
a mother 's love is a beautiful thing . ''
chances are they did n't feel a thing . ''
the only thing she had room for in her head was the two of them .
i lift my hand to my forehead and try to shield my eyes from the blinding light , but i still ca n't see a thing .
and for a brief instant , i feel better because i do n't feel a thing .
` ` but there 's one thing i do n't understand ... . how is it that you 're marked and yet you could tell us all those things that day - about the ending of the world ?
and i was willing to bet a lot of money that , like me , he had parents who did n't quite get his so - called ` ` thing . ''
and if they 'd known and had n't done a thing to stop it ... not good .
she 's already far enough gone that medical science ca n't do a thing to save her , and she 's got some kind of plan - probably a risky , unreliable one riddled with holes - to get the bloodsucker out . ''
` ` -that 's not the most helpful thing in the world to point out , so i wo n't . ''
` ` he wo n't suspect a thing . ''
` ` they wo n't remember a thing tomorrow , '' one of the men in front of me commented .
rage was a physical thing .
mab did n't have any living relatives that i knew of , and with elliot slater , her other number two man dead , i guessed mcallister was the closest thing she 'd had to family - or even just a friend .
funniest damn thing i 'd heard all night .
the only thing to be concerned about in here was how many calories the triple chocolate cake had - and how fast they 'd go straight to your ass .
` ` it 's the principle of the thing , '' finn sniffed .
southern women might know a thing or two about melodrama , but haley was laying it on thicker than frosting on a cake .
publicity was one thing i did n't need .
loyalty , love , whatever you wanted to call it , it was the only thing as important as survival - and the only thing truly worth dying for .
not a thing remained after she got through cleaning up a murder scene .
besides dawson 's obsession with the old west , the only other thing interesting or noteworthy , at least to me , was the dwarf 's rock collection .
besides , the police usually require a pesky little thing called proof .
i can barely live with the fact i know what you 're going to do to dawson and the knowledge i ' m not going to do a thing to stop you from killing him . ''
bria 's picture - which made me realize she was still alive - had been the only nice thing in the gruesome folder .
but to me , the most impressive thing was the bar that ran down one wall - an elaborate sheet made entirely of elemental ice .
i found him chatting up a sweet young thing who barely looked old enough to drink , much less afford the emerald drops dangling from her ears or the c - cups spilling out of the top of her dress .
the only thing he seemed to care about was beauty .
and i could n't do a damn thing about it .
the fluffy foam shoes were shaped like green frogs , of all things .
but the most disturbing thing , the sound that made me grind my teeth , was the cackling of maniacal madness that rippled through the gray stones .
which is why i think this thing is so hilarious .
` ` you know , say that everyone was in the nightclub and no one heard a thing .
from your big sister , who had n't been able to do a damn thing to save the rest of your family .
when i 'd put jake in his place , he and his father had gotten a little upset about it , threatening to run me out of business , among other , more unpleasant things .
people are more vicious about money than any other thing , and it sounds like the vamp has already sunk quite a bit of dough into his project .
and the worst part for donovan was that he also realized there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
besides the pool , the other thing that caught my eye was a scale model of what the casino would look like when it was built , complete with trees , sand , and even real water in the pseudo swimming pools and fake ocean .
` ` i know a thing or two about gemstones , and those are the real deal .
the old man had taught me a lesson that day , one that i 'd half forgotten , but that was still important - maybe the most important thing he 'd ever made me realize about myself and what i did .
nope , looked like they had n't learned a thing last time - or they would n't be stupid enough to be standing in the alley with me right now .
the truth was that roslyn was the closest thing i had to a female confidant , so i told her about all the bombshells that had been dropped on me last night , including the fact that salina had been owen 's fiancee .
the one thing she did n't mention was the trail of dead husbands she 'd left behind , their suspicious , water - related deaths , and how they 'd all borne an eerie resemblance to owen .
i know a thing or two about grudges .
like cooper had said , salina 's water power was a tricky thing , hard to get a fix on , hard to defend against .
a noose that was slowly tightening as a final battle with salina became more and more inevitable - and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
that 's not the sort of thing you forget . ''
i had n't known a thing about jillian delancey , other than that she 'd come here with owen and had been interested in him , but she had n't deserved to die like that .
but there was one thing that was missing : the silverstone case that i 'd seen dixon carrying earlier .
that was another thing i 'd sliced in two when i 'd cut salina 's throat .
but the most disturbing thing was the fact that he was giving off magic .
it did n't much matter , since i could n't do a damn thing about it either way .
finally , i came to the last thing in the file , a letter addressed to me .
` ` i ' m not telling you a thing , not one damn thing . ''
that was n't the sort of thing that he would have overlooked .
it was one of the most disturbing things , one of the most sickening things , one of the cruelest forms of torture that i 'd ever seen - and there was n't a damn thing that i could do about it .
it was one of the most disturbing things , one of the most sickening things , one of the cruelest forms of torture that i 'd ever seen - and there was n't a damn thing that i could do about it .
all the others who have come through here over the years have been weak , foolish creatures , crying to go home , cringing at the smallest little thing , begging for mercy until i give them to my men just to be rid of their incessant whining .
the only things i remembered after that were the soft , soothing scent of vanilla and a few needles pricking here and there at my shoulder , arms , back , and legs .
and there was n't a damn thing that i could do about it .
at least we do n't whine about every little thing , now , do we ? ''
` ` i will have you know that i do n't whine about every little thing .
` ` there 's one more thing i want to show you . ''
the knife was the only thing i needed out of it .
that one thing i ca n't have .
` ` the m - scanner is a hell of a thing to rebut , '' i said .
the only thing that could ' ve drawn her from it was ...
the only thing i had was a big bowl of cold low country boil .
i could ' ve led him on regarding their peculiar dying habits , but a bargain was a bargain so i came clean and expanded on the whole melting into sludge thing .
if i could have sensed at least the type of magic she was using , i might have gotten some idea where to look for the spell , but locked within the glyphs , i could n't feel a thing outside the circle .
there is no such thing as privacy between a deity and his worshipper .
a small thing , like a toothbrush , seemed like some great favor .
oh , and that whole infiltrating - clovis's - sect - so - i - could - assassinate - him thing .
too bad i could n't ask her about the apple thing , too .
rhea , however , knew a thing or two and used the few minutes before the fight to give me some pointers .
but she has n't been able to see a damned thing . ''
` ` and he 's kind of sensitive about the hairless thing . ''
` ` well , if that was n't the damnedest thing . ''
` ` the only thing we found at that address were a bunch of drugged - out musicians with some disturbing sexual appetites . ''
see if the brotherhood do n't teach you a thing or two . ''
it was such a small thing , the absence , but it felt huge .
the only thing we know about it is from a decades - old journal .
no woman who knew the first thing about fighting would ever wear those ridiculous ankle - breakers .
we did n't have a thing in common , but we talked so long that eventually her maid came looking for her .
how i 'd told charon that the thing i craved most was balance .
` ` that 's the thing , brooks .
` ` next thing i remember is waking up in that house .
` ` what was the second thing ? ''
i think it 's because a child is the most precious thing we have .
when curran got here , i intended to trip him , sit on him , and shake him until he explained this thing to me .
a shock of pale blond hair was the only thing that remained of my kid .
` ` i ca n't feel a thing past the chalk , '' she said , her breath escaping in a cloud of pale vapor .
the only thing he wants in return is for her to love him . ''
every single one of them could die tonight and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
the last thing i needed was to hear a flood of lusty imaginings involving my husband and other women to really sour my mood .
` ` i know a thing or two about dangerous living , in fact , but as you seem not to fancy being masterless , what say you to joining my line ? ''
` ` that just leaves one more thing , '' i said , opening my eyes to give bones a wan smile .
` ` of course not , '' i said at once , hurt that he 'd even wonder such a thing .
chapter seventeen the first thing that registered was thescent of smoke , curling around my nostrils as if begging to be inhaled .
we thought he must ' ve hatched a clever getaway plan himself , but the f**ker did n't do a thing ! ''
the last thing i saw was the blazing colors of the dawn , looking like the flames still burning below us on the ground .
i was ushered in with tate and dave without anyone guessing a thing .
about the withering thing ? ''
the whole religious thing is bunk when it comes to hurting our kind , got it ?
that was the furthest thing from my mind . ''
you ' ve been pretty secretive about the whole identity thing .
they wo n't hear a thing . ''
i did know a thing or two about the breathing community , however , so i felt my pulse entitled me to speculate .
` ` not a bloody thing , if you ask me . ''
` ` bartender , he looks like he might need a cab , '' bones said tersely to the man behind the counter , who had n't noticed a thing .
the only thing that frightens me is the thought that you 'll see me as a monster again , because it was vampires who did this . ''
the only thing that did n't grow back after being cut off from a vampire or a ghoul was his head .
but ever since then , the guy has been balking at every little thing .
so i 'd started following malone on the sly , tracking her movements , analyzing her habits , and learning every single thing i could about her .
the second thing i rooted around for was the burner phone tucked away inside .
instead , when i occasionally lost it completely and screamed at them to tell me who the father was , they turned into stone , never giving a damn thing away .
and i could n't bring myself to look at him , knowing for certain i 'd had sex with him ... and i could n't remember a damn thing about it .
hastily , i peered to the side , searching for him , unable to hear a damn thing over the music , or scent anything over the drug 's cloying aroma .
tell me if you feel a thing . ''
hopefully that was enough abstract information to distract them from the fact i had n't mentioned a damn thing about my younger years when i was hiding in the com community .
finally , another half - hour later , ezra pointed to a road i probably would have missed , the only thing even showcasing it even was a road were two tiny red reflective plastic circles stabbed down into the earth on either side of the ' driveway ' , maybe an inch from the ground .
it was a golden open space , antonio the only thing i could see .
the next thing i remembered was a pair of spring green eyes staring down at me , and i blinked , bringing them into focus .
the other kings walked away , snickering , and king kincaid sighed , turning back to us , and said , ` ` the next thing you need to learn is this . ''
` ` i think the only thing left in there is your soul .
the last time you woke up you did n't remember a thing and the sleep is so very peaceful . ''
plus , i would n't mind learning a thing or two about their habitat .
being trapped here for that many years would teach you a thing or two .
the first thing i noticed was a long , rectangle slab of stone perched in the middle of the room .
the only thing we 'll have once the demons arrive is strength in numbers . ''
` ` i ca n't see a single thing . ''
did n't you learn a single thing while i was gone ?
very softly , right next to my ear , she said , ` ` i know you 're going to survive , because i ' m witchy and i know a thing or two about the future .
but if you 're still on the fence about our existence , i 'd be happy to show you a thing or two . ''
` ` i ca n't see a thing , '' ray complained .
in fact , she 'd probably choke the life out of me if she found out i 'd been keeping such a thing from her .
and there 's not a damn thing you can do to stop it . ''
i ' m not going to risk it , and there 's not a damn thing you can say to make that change . ''
she did n't know a thing about him , yet she had let him walk her home .
she had the feeling he did n't miss a thing .
is n't that the silliest thing you ' ve ever heard ? ''
the bite of a vampire can be a sensual thing .
i will not deny her the one thing she wants above all else . ''
it was a wondrous thing indeed to be loved by antonio .
` ` that 's hardly the same thing ! ''
it was beyond belief that tricia could have seen rourke in the painting , met him in kari 's bedroom , and did n't remember a thing about it .
but anyone who suggested such a thing had never been confined in a stagnant world of paint and canvas .
` ` that may be all well and good for your books , '' she said glumly , ` ` but there 's no such thing as a happy ending in real life .
they did n't suspect a thing . ''
` ` you have hardly eaten a thing , '' santiago remarked .
` ` i thought it was supposed to taste just like the real thing . ''
anything you ask of me , save one thing , i will give you . ''
she had wanted only one thing from vasile and now she had it .
the last thing she remembered was a searing pain in her flank .
` ` there 's only one thing she wants from you ... .
the only thing that mattered was that gideon was free .
naked and blood - spattered , she was , in his eyes , the most beautiful thing he had ever seen .
she had never heard of real - life vampires doing such a thing and thought it rather odd , but , hey , the whole vampire thing was odd .
one thing she did know about vampires was that they were considered young for the first hundred years ; anything that survived over five centuries was viewed as ancient .
erik nodded , though he had n't eaten a thing .
erik had n't eaten a thing , but alex seemed totally oblivious to that fact .
but it was one thing to hear about them , or read about them , and quite another to know that they were n't stories at all , but fact , and that the man sitting beside her was capable of things she had always regarded as myths .
her life might not be perfect , but at the moment , she would n't change a thing , not if it meant giving up erik .
` ` are they into the blood thing ? ''
vi was a mousy little thing somewhere in her midthirties .
she would have to ask drake about the whole reflectionin - the - mirror thing .
` ` revenge is a terrible thing , '' stefan remarked , hoisting one of the bodies over his shoulder .
take some feel - good , and you 'll feel so good you wo n't feel a thing .
we could have cut off your hands and feet , and you would n't have done a thing to stop us .
could n't have done a thing to stop us .
and a name was n't all that small a thing when all was said and done .
` ` how were you taught things in that place where you were kept ? ''
the only thing in the room that was n't typical of a human businessman 's office was the pile of pillows and blankets in one corner .
` ` speaking of sweetest things , you must have a mighty big sweet tooth , meg . ''
not a damn thing makes sense . ''
so far , the spirit had n't said one thing that led kylie to believe she had known her , or that they knew anyone in common .
` ` i do n't see a thing on it . ''
` ` but do n't you think the whole sword thing is part of your quests ?
` ` is there such a thing as a bastard sword ? ''
it was the first thing she wanted to know when they walked in .
kylie decided to wait and explain the whole different species thing to her mom later .
` ` because i did n't get to hear a thing .
` ` how about with the whole lizard thing ?
` ` now , about the whole lizard thing , '' holiday said , taking kylie 's thoughts in another direction .
love was a wonderful thing .
` ` but what about the whole chameleon thing ? ''
nevertheless , her two pinky fingers were on time - out until kylie figured out the witch thing .
` ` so it 's a ' which came first , the chicken or the egg ' kind of thing , '' kylie said .
the only thing kylie could hear was holiday 's grief .
she sensed mario had backed off and even miranda said she did n't feel a thing .
` ` you ca n't find one thing that points to his guilt . ''
the only thing she did n't find was a decent picture of berta littlemon that was clear enough to identify her .
the only other thing i found was ... about his parents . ''
` ` about the whole funeral vision thing ... , '' kylie said .
as soon as i release them , they will go back to normal and not remember a thing . ''
` ` the whole ghosts thing .
in truth , kylie was n't sure the outfit did n't do more harm than good , but arguing with della was useless , so kylie had n't said a thing .
` ` why did n't you tell me about the whole erasing thing ? ''
because now that the alarm was guarded , she did n't feel a thing , except safer .
not that there was a damn thing she could do about it .
problem was , she just did n't understand the whole twitching thing .
kylie felt her face flush and derek , stil staring , did n't miss a thing .
she only hoped that she caught on to the whole meditation thing soon so she could put a stop to this .
that 's the tricky thing about love .
you kept this whole reborn thing and your being here to help me to yourself .
this bond thing can be compared to the relationship shared by identical twins . ''
` ` so , what was the thing you needed me to help you make sense of ? ''
` ` ahh , '' della said , not getting the whole magic thing .
the only thing she 'd told holiday was she 'd taken an old photograph of his family .
she stared at him blankly , and he must have gotten the message that she had n't heard a damn thing .
a conscience is a terrible thing to acquire .
` ` here 's the thing , '' he continued .
` ` the bond thing .
at my age , it 's a miracle i can even see a thing ! ''
fear was a thing of the past , a thing she had shed , had left behind with her human body .
not one thing out of place , not one thing had changed since their move .
she thought that it would be awful , thought that she would hate it , but it was the most delicious thing she 'd ever tasted .
though she was dirty , and bedraggled , her delicate features were the most amazingly wonderful thing he had ever seen .
she was the most magnificent thing he had ever felt , the most wonderful thing he had ever hoped to feel .
even dirty and bedraggled she was the most exquisite thing he had ever seen .
she would have thought it was impossible , but it was speaking to her , and it was making sense , even if its voice was the most horrid thing she had ever heard .
` ` i ' m sure you ' ve taught her a thing or two .
maybe chris was beginning to pick up on the thing that devon feared most .
instinctively , she knew that to touch him would be the most exquisite thing she would ever experience .
though she did not possess chris 's ability , melissa 's insight into a person was uncanny and she did not miss a thing .
it was the most delicious thing she 'd ever tasted as she felt their minds surging forth to mingle together .
` ` it 's ok arianna , i hardly felt a thing . ''
it was such a small thing that he offered her , and yet she reacted as if he had just handed her the world .
the words were sharper than he had intended , but he did n't like the thought that the girl had even mentioned such a thing to arianna , and he did n't like the fact that it even bothered him .
he did well for a blind man ; she 's a pretty little thing , if you like redheads .
food was the furthest thing from his mind .
but there 's one thing you 'll need to understand . ''
an odd thing .
i trust you 'll help me to sort out all of the things i must learn about society here - the titles , the manners , and whatever that heavy thing is that seems to be so important .
i trust you 'll help me to sort out all of the things i must learn about society here - the titles , the manners , and whatever that heavy thing is that seems to be so important .
the only thing i ' m not certain of is who it is they want to lure there .
` ` i do believe i should faint dead away so that i would n't feel a thing . ''
i can not see a thing ! ''
there was one more thing ... one thing he had to know ... . ` ` victoria , '' he managed to say , trying to focus , pulling his attention away from the gold gleam and instead to the sand - colored wall .
there was one more thing ... one thing he had to know ... . ` ` victoria , '' he managed to say , trying to focus , pulling his attention away from the gold gleam and instead to the sand - colored wall .
not him , no , my lady , trouble 's the least thing he gives me .
` ` the only thing we know for certain is that he has not completely harnessed its power yet .
the first thing she saw was akvan 's obelisk .
the last thing she wished to hear was a lecture regarding the smooth , graceful movements a lady must adopt .
` ` well , verbena , i must say it is quite fortunate that you are so ... er ... well accustomed to the idea , as it will make things much easier for me .
the other was that eph had too much mercy in him - that what indeed made him a terrific doctor was the very same thing that made him a pitiful divorce - case client .
google me up - my father was a methodist preacher and the only thing i collect is pu**y .
` ` now let me show you the other thing . ''
tho only thing that stoed out was a pair of symmotrical dark holos .
` ` i do n't hoar a thing , but ... okay .
tho only thing ho did n't liko about the location was the socurity light above , shining down in orango .
momorios were a dangorous thing .
and now that we undorstand oach othor , there is ono othor thing i nood .
there is no such thing now as more harm .
but i noed ono more thing from you . ''
` ` ono thing only , my son . ''
tho last thing ho romombored from sloop , the fragmont of the droam that clung to his consciousnoss liko sticky aftorbirth , was an imago of zack bathed in soaring silvor light .
nora martinoz ovidontly saw somothing in fot - maybo the samo thing the old profossor had soon in him - a primal nobility , more akin to a boast of burdon than a man , and somothing fot himsolf had boon unawaro of until rocontly .
what is the ono thing i have rofused youi the ono thing you asked for that i doclined to allowi ` ` a loaded gun . ''
ho worked the bolt again , frantically , and squoozed the triggor , and the roport was the only thing that roached his ringing oars .
tho first thing croom noticed that was wrong was the foed truck .
nora said , ` ` that loavos only ono more thing . ''
you know , the birth certificates , the donated egg thing , the vampire scientist thing - all of that ?
` ` i will suggest no such thing .
and there 's still that whole thing about the light , '' wynn huffed .
` ` i could n't hear a thing . ''
` ` ashe , i could give you all kinds of reasons for what happened , but they wo n't mean a thing to you right now .
trajan listened patiently and never said a thing .
with ashe , that does n't mean a thing , though .
those vamps wo n't see a thing . ''
` ` he probably does n't suspect a thing , more 's the pity , '' winkler 's grin faded .
` ` and dad wo n't tell me a thing about himself . ''
` ` this is the best stuff , and i ca n't ever write a damn thing about it , '' randy grumbled .
nobody suspected a thing .
dad limited my power on that sort of thing . ''
nissa was frightened that mother fern might discover her disguise , but mother fern did n't notice a thing except the clay nissa dumped on the table .
nobody will hear a thing . ''
he knew , just as all the inner circle did - le - ath veronis ' core had been tapped , criminals were on the loose and there was n't a damn thing i could do about any of it for at least six months .
the last thing i remember is the floor coming toward me at an unusually accelerated rate .
my father 's voice was the first thing i heard when i regained consciousness .
that did n't mean i knew a single thing about him , including his name .
` ` you have that begging thing down pretty good , '' i muttered and misted away .
some days i try to forget about all this - it does n't mean a thing when there are more serious matters to attend to , '' i said .
if i were free to go and was n't worried over my discovery , i 'd go right then , place compulsion on the high commander and find out things for myself .
` ` i do n't think there 's a single thing that might make me feel better right now , '' i said .
that whole boom - box compulsion thing , though , that was something .
` ` let 's get back to the le'meruh thing , '' i sighed .
well , the whole memory thing was getting to be an epidemic , looked like .
` ` you are not obligated ; still , i just want this one small thing from you . ''
* * * ` ` the substitute will always nourish you , but it will never taste the same as the real thing , '' jeral informed davan as davan drank thirstily from the offered bottle .
` ` oh , yeah , the whole time - bending thing , '' i grumped .
he was now more than six feet tall , incredible to look upon and did n't remember a thing about me .
she was suffering and there was n't a damn thing anybody could do about it .
` ` i do n't want a f**king thing from you . ''
` ` i do n't see a single thing that might appeal to her , '' fox grumbled .
he did n't have a thing to be ashamed of , but then nobody else did , either .
` ` the other gifts include mindspeech , misting , foresight , that sort of thing , '' i said .
i think dr . frazier was his informant on the whole experiment thing . ''
rafael had no talents in misting , mindspeech or any other thing that might have made him special .
tony would have been the one to have that sort of thing on file , deryn knew , but that option was no longer open to them .
if the council approves , the vampire places compulsion on his companion not to reveal the race and for any other pertinent thing that might crop up . ''
` ` do everything you say and never question a thing .
` ` i do n't know a thing about it , '' i said , claiming innocence .
i still did n't have a clue why we 'd searched the house , the dorm room and several other locations in the atlanta area , and was n't likely to ever learn those things .
i could n't get any clear idea , even though i racked my brain over the whole thing .
what would gavin say or do if i told him that compulsion would n't do a thing ?
` ` i do n't know , '' i said , puzzled over the whole thing .
my eyes closed and i did n't know another thing until nightfall .
the only thing i got out of all of it , that i understood , anyway , was the ` ` shhhh . ''
compulsion is a wonderful thing .
i did have one thing i knew about winkler that none of the others did .
the other thing he 'd handed me ( which shocked me completely ) , was a credit card with my name on it .
` ` where they do n't know a damn thing about agriculture , '' he shot back , tussling a little with her .
i could n't put my finger on any single thing , so i 'd come to the conclusion that he had n't enjoyed himself at all .
it probably was n't a good idea to torture myself with that sort of thing anyway .
oh , the tonal thing .
but here 's the thing , amy .
orion : amy , i could tell from the start : the thing you cared most about was the truth .
` ` you never did realize the thing i needed you to understand , '' doc continues , adjusting another dial .
every memory i have , every feeling i felt , every important thing about me came from within those battered steel walls .
when the honeycombed glass dropped away from the bridge earlier , i was so overwhelmed by the boundless sense of freedom that i longed to rush into it , relishing every single thing i discovered .
i can still see the shock of bushy hair sticking out from under the jacket that covers half of juliana robertson 's face , but that 's about the only thing that identifies her .
i wonder if he knows more about emma 's death than i thought or if he 's discovered the same thing that made her paranoid .
he must be the king orion refers to with that clue , and the only thing missing from orion 's puzzle is information about who the aliens are and what they want .
the second thing i want you to realize is this : you were warned beforehand about the talking dinosaurs .
` ` there just one thing i do n't get , '' i said .
after all , there is only one thing more frustrating than finding a pile of gold , then having it snatched away from you .
that 's the same thing as glass . '
well , i thought , that 's one thing she 's got on me .
we 're also peerage - which is a fancy way of saying we can speak in civil disputes , perform marriage ceremonies , arrest criminals , that sort of thing . '
' er ... you 're still having trouble with that severing thing ? '
after all , there is one thing that every good book should have in it : that , of course , is a potty break .
if there could be such a thing as a good librarian , might there also be such a thing as an evil knight of crystallia ?
everyone always talks about the magic of books being able to take you to other places , to let you see exotic worlds , to make you experience new and interesting things .
he kept sending me off to enjoy myself , offering to give me money , as if the only thing he had to do as a father was provide for me .
' it 's the best thing i ' ve got right now .
' that 's the most stoopiderific thing i ' ve ever heard of . '
her emphasizing thing is really getting on my nerves .
is that the same thing as point zero ? ''
this is what you nee- '' ` ` you do n't know a thing about what i really need . ''
the only thing he leaves behind is a smudge of blue polish on my window frame .
every night - every night when it 's possible - the last thing to be heard is the asking without answer .
` ` i ' m the first to admit that i do n't know that much about the whole mary thing .
it is a terrible thing to not feel missed .
to be honest , i 'd always thought the whole final - moment , mental life - scan thing sounded pretty awful .
maybe juliet sykes is the only thing between me and an eternity of chocolate fountains and perfect love and guys who always call when they say they will and banana sundaes that actually help you burn calories .
everyone can be fixed ; it has to be that way , it 's the only thing that makes sense .
` ` what , you mean the severed - head thing ? ''
` ` this is the furthest thing from a joke i ' ve ever seen .
` ` but the only thing luke 's afraid of losing is power . ''
i reflect that she is a pretty little thing and will turn many male heads this day .
there 's some planking and saws over there , and i say the next thing we must do is make a hatch cover for the rat hole in case we are ever really inspected .
i shall put it in his words : ` ` you , see , sir , most of these purses , which undeniably belong to some of the girls '' -the sad , sodden purses and shawls and other personal items were lined up on a shelf in the basement of said courthouse- '' have one thing in common .
well , let me tell you this : you 're a valuable member of this gang , but you ai n't all that rare a thing , and if that brat do n't pull ' is weight , and if you slack off in any o ' your duties , then you can go , and to hell with both of you ! ''
ok , the online gambling thing made sense now .
eventually he spoke again , ` ` so , because you do n't know the first thing about poker , or so you say , '' he gave me one of those challenging looks like he expected me just to open up and spill the untrue truth to him .
he was the vulnerable fin again , the one that opened himself up so carefully and asked for the simplest things ... . a better place for the brother he lived , a nice life for his grandma , the love of a girl that was already way past loving him .
now we 're becoming friends , but he has n't said a thing to me about brooke .
he has n't mentioned a damned thing about her lately .
the first thing i remember is the last thing that happened - graham leaving a piece of paper on the night table before he leaned over , hands on either side of my head , and kissed me goodbye .
i do n't want her to give up a single thing she wants or needs , because she 's had to do that for far too long .
i still do n't understand the whole photo - in - bed thing , and brooke never answered my text asking her about it .
here i was , needing it , but now , aimee and kayla are the closest thing i have to advisors , but they 're more like high - strung tour guides .
where dori is concerned , there 's no such thing as normal circumstances .
otherwise , i could n't hear a damned thing when she was around .
it had taken no more than two seconds of seeing her face again to realize that i had n't forgotten a damned thing .
the photos of you and me in austin are all over , of course , though she has n't said a thing about them .
` ` now , why do n't you teach us the other thing , '' i continue , trying not to blush , ` ` like the way of a lad with a maid ... '' that gets the boys ' attention .
the sloat thing and the bliffil thing is weighing heavy on the ship and it seems to be weighing heavy on the brotherhood , too .
sloat 's friends swear the last thing they heard sloat say as he went over was ` ` son of a bitch , '' which was just what he called liam delaney the last time they tangled , and delaney , the dog , said he 'd kill poor sloat and damned if ' e ai n't done it !
the goldsmith shoves a needle through our earlobes and we take the rings off from our fingers and he shoves them through , then takes a hot iron and welds the ring shut , and i swear i did n't feel a thing .
i go through the whole thing again and then put the glass back together to look seaward to where i think the island is .
i find i have several other things in addition to my immortal soul that i did not know i had , one of which is my sacred honor and the other is my precious jewel , both of which seem to have something to do with the fact that jaimy and i have n't done that baby - making thing yet .
if he tried to kill me now , i could n't do a thing to stop him .
my body vanished , and i could n't feel a thing .
it was the foulest thing i 'd ever tasted , like a mouthful of metal shards .
when my vision returned , i could n't see a thing .
that shall prove interesting in the future , as she was always good at that sort of thing and i am most curious as to what she has come up with lately .
` ` not this specific thing , but there 's usually something like it . ''
the furniture has settled into its new home ; the only thing the house lacks is clutter .
i ca n't see a thing , but after a moment , he looks very pleased .
the only thing chuck can give her is sex , from what i can tell .
this was the last thing i needed this morning .
i blinked but still could n't focus on a thing .
the one thing she thought i had left of my father , and she took it .
' so , have you thought about the next new thing to add to your list ? '
i still could n't feel a thing .
i nodded , my mouth full of the greasy burger that i could ' ve sworn was the best thing i 'd ever tasted .
the only thing we 're missing is a pool . '
' like the pool thing . '
when savannah moved an inch , the whole thing came tumbling down .
the whole lena thing was really getting to me .
come to think of it , i had seen him load up his plate with food , but i had n't seen him eat a thing .
only it was the wrong side , and instead she found the last thing she was expecting .
` ` no such thing as just a book , ' specially in your family . ''
we ' ve learned the only thing we really needed to know , '' arelia said .
` ` the last thing i remember was uncle macon talking about the binding . ''
okay , so my dad was certifiable , and my mom was dead , sort of , and the woman who raised me knew a thing or two about voodoo .
and i can offer you the one thing they can not .
` ` love is a powerful thing , lena duchannes .
you have the one thing genevieve never had when she used the book .
according to my mom , it 's not a thing .
whatever this lilum thing was , the two of them had clearly believed they could control it .
between that and the whole crucible thing , i could see why the lilum had thrived in mrs . english 's body .
then there 's the whole not - needing - to - eat thing .
` ` i think i ' m wearing a raincoat and boots and bringing an umbrella , in case anyone takes the whole slush ball thing literally . ''
if i was going to die , there was one more thing i wanted .
i also knew she would n't tell me a thing if she did n't want me to know .
and if i had , would i have changed a single thing ?
because i could see it all , but i could n't do a thing to change it .
` ` another thing i do n't allow in my library . ''
the last missing piece of her family puzzle , and the one thing you could n't find on any family tree .
after that , the only thing i remember was going inside and eating three pieces of raspberry - cherry pie , the kind with the crisscross sugar crust .
there was one thing , however , that they could do .
she hung up on him , did n't tell him a thing , but he pretty much knew i was here . ''
the only thing in my head was sawyer ... and guilt ... and confusion .
our time together was a precious thing to me and i hated to waste it , spatting like catty girls .
not that it meant a damn thing now that i was seventeen and had been nowhere near the hematoi world for the last three years .
there is no such thing as a certain fate .
the stunt i 'd just pul ed , my future at the covenant , or the whole apol yon thing .
everything had changed - i had changed , but the one thing i could be sure about was between aiden and seth , i 'd be learning lots of things .
i 'd thought then it 'd been a strange thing to collect , but at least he did n't collect something gross like body lint .
` ` oh , it 's probably the funniest damn thing i ' ve heard in a long time . ''
you do n't know a thing about me . ''
i 'd been wrong , so very wrong , and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it now .
he was into the whole contact thing .
the only thing you are missing is ... '' drifting off to a dresser and opening a large velvet box , she rooted around for a few moments and pulled out a silver chain with black stones surrounding a ruby .
remembering my instructions , i did n't tell them it was actually eric who elaborated on the whole thing .
she 's fine , but she does n't remember a thing .
you 'd think she 'd grow weaker , since she has n't eaten a damn thing . ''
` ` lucian is probably offering them the one thing no one ever has . ''
her eyes squeezed shut and there was n't a damn thing i could do about that .
you have n't eaten a thing in days . ''
i did n't see a damn thing .
` ` you can hate me all you want , but it does n't change a thing . ''
love is the strongest thing there is . ''
i debated telling him that i had n't learned a damn thing , but that was pointless .
it was an incredibly stupid law that did n't mean a damn thing to me .
` ` i ' m not big on the whole submission thing . ''
but i could n't , so i gave her the only thing that i could .
and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it . ''
the only thing that was warm as i stared at my stepfather was the cord connecting me to the first .
i had n't felt a damn thing as i 'd pulled that trigger , nothing beyond anger , but even then that fury had n't felt tangible .
` ` i did n't feel a damn thing , seth .
i opened my mouth , thinking he was referencing the whole gun thing , but then i realized something else .
it was like allowing hitler into heaven or something , but i wondered if hades had ever heard of the whole throwing stones and glass houses thing .
the whole soul and hades thing ?
` ` i do n't care about the file thing anymore .
the only thing i do n't understand about the riding is , why do they make us ride sidesaddle ?
` ` oh , is n't it just the most precious little bit of a thing ? ''
after dinner we play ring games and tell riddles and i pull out my pennywhistle and give 'em a few tunes and songs and raps out some steps and then we gathers about the fireplace and pops popcorn , which is the most wondrous and tasty thing and which betsey says the early settlers learned from the indians back when the indians was being nice before the british started paying them to ... and then she reddens and clams up , having forgot for a moment , i guess , my history and place of birth , but i laughs it off and packs in more of the salty popcorn and sings a few more songs .
i ' ve been learning lots of things from peg , the head housekeeper , and the downstairs girls are sweet and i ' ve been keeping up with my higher studies , and all the teachers ( ' cept mistress ) have been ever so kind in helping me on the sly and so i ' ve been keeping up .
that 's the thing that gets me up some nights and robs me of sleep .
the first thing i check for is the money and , of course , it 's gone , every penny , the poor little bag lying flat on the floor .
i barely had to do a thing .
because i had wanted him to kiss me , and it did n't have a thing to do with any of our conditions .
chapter nine the first thing i learned about new york city was that people were everywhere - in elevators , on the sidewalks , in the streets and inside all the shops .
answers for one thing , and i wanted what my parents had had in their life together - love and trust .
i knew a thing or two about automobile accessories ; my step - dad had been a mechanic and a custom auto tech all his life .
julia seemed to have that whole joke - without - cracking - a - smile thing in the bag .
not that i knew a thing about real werewolves to begin with , but i least expected them to be immortal .
the whole thing was an act ; school was the last place i wanted to be and geometry , the last thing i wanted to learn .
though , he and beverlee do n't know a thing about the real dangers .
there 's not a single thing in this room that 's going to help ease my mind .
i wo n't know a damn thing about anything !
` ` a choice is a valuable thing , daisy , '' i say , thinking of adria .
the only thing standing between he and i that would make me his equal is his life .
and the only thing i ' ve seen inside her head are the memories of her past and there is nothing strange about them .
` ` this whole blood bond thing with minna is really starting to mess with his head . ''
` ` you know , it 's been quiet , almost too quiet - i ' ve opened my mind to my father , just to see if i could sense any emotion in him , anything at all , but i have n't heard or felt a thing . ''
and that 's the last thing i hear as he drops me hard on the ground several feet from the cave entrance and hurries away just as quickly , out of sight .
the only other thing i want for christmas , besides the oed , is for you to tell me what you really want for christmas .
seven -dash- december 24th / december 25th boomer refused to tell me a thing .
` ` is there any such thing as an essential one ? ''
on the one hand , she was a seventeen - year - old art student in prague ; on the other , errand girl to an inhuman creature who was the closest thing she had to family .
her friend was not , in practice , someone who believed in things , but after seeing kishmish and getting a little scuppy demonstration she 'd bought it all , and it was a good thing .
more than ever , she was the hollow girl , the emptiness seeming like an entity , malicious , taunting her with all the things she would never know .
he grew comfortable with it , and the thing morphed from a wild notion into a hope - a sustaining hope , and the one that would change the course of his life : to see the girl again , and thank her .
and if it were to vanish - such a tiny thing to drop in an ocean - what then ?
she had never thought of herself in that way , but after he said it , it struck her as a fine thing , to have been made by love , and she ached for what she had lost , in losing her family .
and this world already had light and shadow , so it did n't need any rogue stars to come and save it , and it had no use for bleeding suns or weeping moons , either , and most important , it had never known war , which is a terrible , wasteful thing that no world ever needs .
the westway gibbet was the first thing they saw on reaching the city .
zuzana was sketching in the shade while he , pretending to peruse a selection of kettles , purchased an antique silver ring that he suspected was not actually silver , and probably not antique , but indisputably a ring , which was the main thing .
even if he resembled tyler vincent , he did n't sound a thing like him .
wendy was already asking him if he could get tickets to the inxs concert in march and they were off to the races , talking about punk bands while i wolfed down my slice of pizza like it was the most delicious thing i 'd ever tasted , licking my greasy fingers and laughing when i discovered dale watching me with interest .
` ` he 's the only thing standing between you and disaster , punk . ''
` ` well , there 's this new thing ...
chrissy may be right about the things that drew us together in the first place ... but that is n't why we ' ve stayed together . ''
normally patients are anesthetized during the procedure and do n't feel a thing , but my aunt had once let slip that during my mother 's third procedure they had refused to sedate her , thinking that the anesthesia might be interfering with her brain 's response to the cure .
` ` you do n't know a single thing about her .
in some ways raven does feel like family - she 's the closest thing i have to it , anyway - but at other times it occurs to me i do n't really know her any better than i did in august , when she first found me .
` ` names do n't mean a thing anymore .
this is not the person i wanted to become : hatred has carved a permanent place inside me , a hollow where things are so easily lost .
` ` tack 's flashlight went bust and we could n't see a damn thing when the sun went down .
it 's a small thing , but it 's something .
the first thing i see is the fire , which is leaping from house to house , from tree to roof to wall .
a dead weight fills me , dragging me back into reality , back into the sun and the smell of garbage and the shrill cries of the kids playing soccer in the street , and lena 's face , composed , neutral , as though she has already been cured , as though we have chouthe ki never meant a thing to each other in our lives .
the only thing he did know - the only thing he was certain of - was that he had to quench the insatiable burning in his heart .
there was only one thing that gave him hope anymore , and that was it - the patches of colored glass .
` ` i did n't paint the whole thing , you know .
there was one thing she needed - one thing she wanted - and she had n't been able to get her hands on it .
he lured me there with the one thing he knew i wanted - a kiss .
` ` the seyer thing did n't help , '' i acknowledged .
it was like my brain melted and the only thing i was aware of was collin smith .
the only thing i know is what i saw in my visions . ''
there is one thing we do know - something that will keep you off that path . ''
the only thing that was certain was that you were n't being treated like the girl who sealed the portal to hell .
the only thing i remember about my previous life is how i died .
guilt gnaws at me , but i ca n't do a thing about it .
the only thing i could hear was my heart pounding in my ears .
but in none of these is there a damn thing that says i wanted all of this to happen .
delight in such a small thing strung a smile across my face , but it faded when my gaze fell on collin 's stormy eyes .
that was n't the most disturbing thing .
i ca n't remember a thing .
there is no such thing as a bloodless bargain .
he nodded , ` ` and that they 'll do anything to get it because they do n't feel a damn thing .
he 's not waiting for a damn thing . ''
but her eyes had become gray and the only thing i saw was my own reflection .
and , if you failed to teach me everything - i mean every little thing there was - you default .
i 'd been through hell that day , and i was n't going to discuss the only thing that brought me joy .
i did n't because we ' ve already been over this and it does n't change a damn thing .
the only thing he knows is that your powers change , and you become strong enough to destroy him as if he were nothing .
but all this time , he could n't do a thing about it .
his nasty remarks were a thing of the past .
the first thing i look for is the balance book .
xander did n't inherit a thing from his mother .
maybe he 's learned a thing or two about teenagers in the last twenty years .
i ' m not the best with the whole opening up thing , but i figured pizza always works with me .
` ` the hanes thing has to go . ''
it goes back to the whole experience thing .
it takes a second , but i get the whole thing in my mouth .
it pierces through me , but it 's just another thing to add to the hurt she 's caused .
but one thing you will need is a token of jack 's . ''
` ` it 's only , like , the first thing you should ' ve learned on the first day of chem . ''
there 's no such thing as a skimpy little viking outfit .
the only thing i noticed was the strong smell of liquor .
` ` he wo n't hear a thing .
but i did n't think a thing about it until i saw you at the baseball field .
they were the closest thing i had to a real good - bye .
` ` do you remember in mrs . stone 's classroom how you said there 's no such thing as redemption ? ''
` ` we know the one thing we 're looking for , '' jack said .
and then he 'd go on and on about the whole no - heart thing , and then i would try to distract him by doing that dance i do - you know , the one that looks like the running man ... ...
` ` that 's the beautiful thing .
` ` if he 's faking this whole amnesia thing ... '' ` ` he 'd never keep up the ruse if he thought he was helping us destroy the everneath . ''
this whole amnesia thing is bullshit , and i let you trick me again ! ''
but here 's the thing you need to understand . ''
i am right there next to her , but i ca n't do a thing .
that was the only thing all the theories had in common .
there is no such thing as no choice .
the only thing they 'd put up there so far was a framed photo from their wedding , joanna in her long and simple strapless gown and charles holding her waist just as the photographer ordered .
` ` sometimes i feel like i do n't know a thing about you .
they did n't ask me a thing about myself .
he 'd had a whole two years of his life elsewhere , and it was infuriating that he did n't remember a single thing about it .
the only thing that gave it any character at all was a bookshelf in the corner that held my cd 's and books .
the very first thing i came across was the papers stating that marco and sophia had custody of me .
because , out of everything , magic is probably the sanest sounding thing of all . ''
` ` after that , the whole being - able - to - feel thing became simple for me . ''
this whole fighting - about - everything thing is not helping the stress level in this already way too stressful situation . ''
` ` what 's really strange is that i ' ve been told by other vampires that the change is supposed to be this big , memorable experience , yet i ca n't remember a single thing about it . ''
i leaned my head toward the window and tried to listen , but alex had left the engine running and i could hardly hear a thing .
the whole vision thing was really bugging me .
now that that 's been taken care of , i need just one more thing from gemma before i let you both go back . ''
how could i have been four yet not be able to remember a single thing about her ? ''
i could barely see a thing , though .
` ` this is the most magnificent thing i ' ve ever discovered . ''
if there was one thing i 'd learned , it was that there was no such thing as being too careful .
part of me grew eager that he might say yes ; that there was a possibility that my mother , who i had n't seen since i was four years - old , and could barely remember a thing about - thanks to the detachment of my soul from my emotions causing my memories to be erased away as well - might still be alive .
` ` although , i ' m not really sure it 's so great that he knows about your special foreseer thing . ''
` ` here 's the thing , gemma . ''
but i could n't see her anywhere ; the only thing in sight was the grey stone castle , the tall - treed forest , and the haunting ... water faerie filled lake .
` ` see , here 's the thing , gemma , '' he said , his already dark eyes shifting darker .
we crawled through the thick smoke , heading to who knows where - i could n't see a thing .
` ` see the thing is gemma , there 's something you do n't understand . ''
all these years here , and i barely remember a thing .
i mean , with the alex thing .
there was one thing i still didn t understand completely .
it really is a fascinating thing , he observed .
chapter 49 ( gemma ) she was a mean little thing , i pulled a face .
because i knew that the thing i had with darrell , whatever it was , would be gone in an instant if he ever found out .
a sort of surprised understanding , as if my weirdness was the last thing he was expecting , but that it was n't totally unfamiliar .
the thing that convinced him was the connection to the new york phil .
the doors opened , and the first thing i saw was the polished wooden stage darrell had installed for natasha when she 'd starting dancing for him .
` ` he wo n't remember a thing of the last eighteen months so ... actually he wo n't be fine .
~14~ there are some things even a dog should n't know jai was frustratingly closed - mouthed about the whole being telepathic thing .
~14~ there are some things even a dog should n't know jai was frustratingly closed - mouthed about the whole being telepathic thing .
not really expecting an answer since so far jai did n't do the whole personal question thing , ari was surprised to hear him snort .
i especially found the whole seal of solomon thing fascinating . ''
but that thing ... '' heart palpitating , ari whispered , ` ` what thing ? ''
` ` the sorcerer thing ? ''
not that it changed a damn thing .
` ` this is the best thing i ' ve ever eaten in my life . ''
` ` the next thing i remember is waking up in the hospital .
squint 's set upon inheriting the dynasty , banking on the fact that he 's the closest thing the don has left to a relative .
` ` the entire thing 's engaging , but there were some passages i found particularly interesting .
` ` he does n't do a damn thing . ''
he had n't done a damn thing to deserve any punishment .
the only thing keeping you from confessing your sins is your own reluctance to admit them . ''
` ` i ' m wondering the same thing ! ''
` ` i suppose i do n't recall a thing from tonight , then . ''
i did n't do a goddamn thing . ''
he saw nothing , he did nothing , and he could n't recall a thing .
` ` the italian i can read , but that does n't tell me a damn thing about how it tastes .
no visits , no phone calls , not a goddamn thing .
we can argue about trees and phrases and any other thing you feel passionate about , but just give me this . ''
he was n't doing a thing but standing there .
it 's a simple thing , but simple things matter .
mom and dad might not try to get me to talk because they 're not really good at that kind of thing , but i know they 're always trying to figure me out .
it 's the one thing i get that 's for me .
it 's such a little thing , but i love how she trusts me , even in something as simple as this .
i have a shitload of homework to do or i ' m going to flunk english and mrs . z will take away the only thing i have that i actually want to do .
several seconds passed and i did n't hear a thing , not even the soft patter of footsteps .
she mumbled something and the only thing i made out was the word , ` ` hot , '' and then she started tugging at the hoodie i 'd made her put on .
not to mention he had n't said a thing about what had happened between us .
the whole conserving hot water thing sucked .
so f**king stupid because the brain might take a lala - land vacay , but it did n't change a damn thing .
but honestly , i could n't be that upset about the power thing .
it was a diamond ; and i had a feeling it was no cheap zircon , either , but the real thing .
you 're just another false face of this park , but that means you know things about this place that i do n't .
but when a school tells you that , and then teaches you things like advanced encryption and fourteen different languages , it 's kind of like big tobacco telling kids not to smoke ; so all of us gallagher girls know lip service when we hear it .
but no matter your decision , there is only one thing you have to understand . ''
plus , there 's that whole discount - on - your - car - insurance thing to consider .
does n't she know there 's such a thing as e - mail ?
` ` do i have to tell you that my father 's dead , and my mom ca n't cook , and that these girls are the closest thing i have to sisters ? ''
for starters , there was the crab - puff thing .
chapter six i ' ve always heard that the hardest thing for a spy is n't knowing things - it 's acting like you do n't know things you 're not supposed to know .
chapter six i ' ve always heard that the hardest thing for a spy is n't knowing things - it 's acting like you do n't know things you 're not supposed to know .
chapter six i ' ve always heard that the hardest thing for a spy is n't knowing things - it 's acting like you do n't know things you 're not supposed to know .
so gilly did the next best thing : she opened a school where proper young ladies could learn all the things they were never supposed to need , a place where young women were free to become exceptional without the pressure or influence of boys .
i mean , i get the interschool cooperation thing ; i can totally grasp the concept of camaraderie and teamwork .
` ` well , everyone knows you used to sneak out to see josh ; and they know he invited you to a party , '' liz said , not really getting the whole rhetorical question thing .
( i fully admit the blood oath thing was a little out there , but the other options were totally viable . )
i looked at the ring on my hand , but it did n't do a thing .
but there was one thing not even liz had learned how to quantify : fate .
he asked , and again i realized that he was n't looking at me the way a well- trained , well - armed security professional looks at a potential threat ( because i know a thing or two about well - trained and well - armed security professionals ! ) .
i did n't know what to say , so i did n't say a thing .
as we walked past a massive wall of screen , images of the city flashed by so quickly it was a miracle anyone could see a thing .
but it was the fourth thing that i had n't really been expecting : silence .
and with that , townsend spun on us , he sounded almost like a real teacher when he said , '' the most important thing that any of you should know about the circle of cavan is that it is an organization composed almost entirely of other organization 's spies - i ' m talking about double agents .
chapter twenty - three perspective is a powerful thing .
i knew bex was below me , but i could n't see a thing , macey and liz were above me , and i hoped that was why i could n't see even the faintest hint of light above me as i hurtled into what felt like the world 's tiniest volcano .
i did n't say a thing .
all i knew for certain was that zach 's hand was gripping mine ( despite verifiable research that people are way stealthier when holding on to nothing ) , and that bex 's voice was the only familiar thing i could hear .
we passed three more rooms like the first we 'd seen - a dozen locked doorways and concrete bunkers so dark i could n't see a thing .
my whole life had taught me those simple facts , and yet , in that moment , there was one thing my mind could n't start to comprehend : the woman from the roof in boston was zach 's mother .
my head swirled , but i could n't hear a thing over the sound of the music that filled the little room , pulsing too loudly inside my ears .
the doctors ' expressions did n't betray a single thing .
here 's the thing you need to know about secret passageways : they 're ... well ... secret , so that means they do n't exactly get cleaned .
` ` i ... '' i heard my voice trail off , my thoughts centering on the single thing i really had to know .
i barely noticed a thing , though , until i heard professor buckingham say , ` ` good afternoon , ladies .
zach was smiling like i 'd never seen him smile before , looking down at the closest thing to family he had left .
it was the last thing my father would ever give me - his final gift .
so she did n't say a thing , which was just as well .
he did n't know a thing . ''
i asked the man , who did n't say a thing .
amirah nodded slowly , but did n't say a thing .
kat had learned quite a lot of things before enrolling at the colgan school - but the thing that she knew best was that this was the kind of place where she could never share them .
` ` a pseudonima is a sacred thing ! ''
kat wanted to explain everything , but right then the truth seemed like the cruelest thing of all .
she could n't hear a thing over the wail of the sirens .
you 're on , '' the fake president bush did n't appear to hear a thing .
only one thing was missing , it turned out .
it was like he did n't hear a thing .
kat did n't say a thing .
no one noticed a thing until flames began to lick at the corners of the pages , and soon they were alive with fire , crumbling into black and falling into the thames .
he 'd done all he could to help , and now the only thing kat knew for certain was that hale 's world was different from hers .
you do n't say a thing to me because ... why did n't you say anything , kat ?
` ` the only thing i do n't understand is why you have n't sold it yet .
but she could n't do a thing to stop him .
she did n't hear or feel or say a thing .
there is n't a fake thing about six , other than her name .
the only thing that makes me decide to stop going is the fact that i still have to cover as much tread going home , and i ' m almost out of water .
he says it like he knows exactly what other thing i ' m referring to , but he 's daring me to say it .
i know my mouth is agape and my eyes are wide , but i ' m relieved that hope is n't a tangible thing , because everyone around me would see mine crumbling .
only this time it does n't wander very far , because i ' m stuck on just one thing and one thing only .
but right now i ' m so desperate to take this one thing away from my father - i 'd risk it all .
` ` it 's just a weird thing to tattoo on yourself .
i hate that holder is going through what he 's having to go through and there is n't a damn thing i can do about it .
the only thing we explore is each other 's mouths .
` ` the only thing i was hoping for at the end of this date was a kiss on your front porch , '' i say .
she 's obliterating every single thing i thought i knew about myself with every new sentence that passes those lips .
the last thing she needs to know is how utterly pathetic i am .
i ' m sad i have to know something this overwhelming and there is n't a damn thing i can do about it now , even if i wanted to .
god , why does every single thing about her throw me off like this ?
this whole not kissing thing is a game to her and she 's going to tease the hell out of me .
i turn around to face her and i do n't know if it 's because i ' ve spent the last few weeks having to be so far away from her or what , but she 's the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever laid eyes on .
the only thing nagging me in the back of my head is .
now he 's pretending to read the computer screen , but i know he 's not reading a damn thing .
my dad situated one of our dining room chairs right in front of the door so his face is the first thing we see .
sure enough , when she sees us come into the kitchen , she gives me a knowing look , but does n't say a thing .
the only thing in my inbox is a draft article drew wrote that he wants an opinion on .
the only thing i knew about either religion was what i had learned in history class : the holocaust , 9/11 .
` ` i ' ve heard wonderful things about that program , '' mom says , swiveling a vase of tulips and lilies , trying to catch the petals in the best light .
at the same time , i ' m pissed because jack has n't said a thing about me riding star in today 's race , even though i brought my silks to wear .
my head pops up to find a humongous guy pointing at rory , who keeps on kissing vanessa like he ca n't hear a thing .
` ` here 's the thing , '' i said as patiently as possible .
` ` there is no such thing as notes in flirting . ''
he was staring down at me with hard eyes that did n't miss a thing .
you ca n't feel a thing .
` ` what was this thing she wanted ? ''
` ` and here 's another thing .
rumor had it that the only thing mr . loucks liked more than the periodic table of the elements was handing out detention slips to tardy students .
my pulse jumped , and i knew i was upset that marcie had been knifed , but that was the last thing i wanted to reveal to patch .
they called them secret societies , or blood societies , or some such nonsense , but it all boils down to the same thing .
` ` patch is the closest thing i ' ve got to family , and i love the guy like a brother , but he 's not right for you .
it was n't the kind of place i imagined patch calling home , but this only proved there were many things i did n't know about him .
` ` here 's another thing .
i never got the whole nephilim thing .
his hair was long , curling over his ears , and his eyes looked like they did n't miss a thing , perceiving the secrets and desires of my soul .
i had n't told her a thing about fall en angels or nephilim , and i 'd used the same excuse .
` ` before he went behind my back , he was the closest thing i had to a brother .
to her , there 's no such thing as safe .
the sound of his footsteps echoing off the walls was the last thing i heard .
i knew she could n't feel a thing , but the image made the hairs on the back of my neck tingle just the same .
` ` should i drink the whole thing ? ''
` ` do n't miss a thing , do you ?
the thing i ca n't wrap my head around is how she did it .
mia 's looking at me with confusion , but not remembering a thing .
she did n't remember a thing .
because this was the thing i never understood .
leanansidhe smiled at him , but it was a frightening thing , cold and vicious .
` ` we can be there in seconds , and you wo n't miss a thing . ''
` ` glass is a funny thing , princess .
for one thing , they tie us to this world ; they ground us in reality somewhat .
i had traded away a memory for her help , but that was n't the only thing the oracle had wanted .
not exactly what i was expecting , though the entire prophecy thing does get old after a while . ''
i held my breath , suddenly aware that i was very close to that dark thing kenzie was hiding from me .
half - faery or no , you did not keep that sort of thing from your family .
` ` you are a spunky little thing , are n't you , pet ?
the only thing of color in the room was a vase of wildflowers on the corner of the desk , annwyl 's handiwork , probably .
dad points out every little thing that he remembers and every little thing that is new .
the most concrete thing on the list is guerrilla will , so i start there .
it 's like the first thing they teach you . ''
the coconut things ? ''
we stare at each other , and i realize she wo n't give me a thing .
she starts telling me all the things i know about the place , about the beach and the pools and the restaurants and the movie theater and the golf .
` ` then you know i am the top exporter of diamonds in south africa , so i know a thing or two about precious gems .
take the only thing in my life that 's normal away from me .
the mind reading thing bites ... err sucks .
the only thing standing between me and this woman is the pie i have and she wants .
` ` yeah , well , we have to talk and i ca n't see a damn thing . ''
i hear hesitation in leah 's voice as she says , ` ` i always used to think an esp thing between twins was something people made up .
to be honest , i ' ve been stalling because the last thing i want to do is upset her when she 's still trying to figure things out with my dad and lou .
she sees me do it and asks if i ' m okay , and i pretend to be hurt , shake my hand as if it 's burned , though i do n't actually feel a thing .
i ca n't see a thing without turning on my light .
i do n't like a single thing about him driving to athens while i sit around at home .
bernie kosar is being bitten and choked , about to die , and there is n't a damn thing i can do about it .
i remember that you were with me last night , but i do n't remember a thing after , '' i say .
` ` you do n't owe me a thing , '' mark says .
in fact , we ca n't find a single thing about you prior to you showing up in paradise several months ago , '' he says , squinting as though expecting some reply .
that girl would n't tell us a thing , and , believe me , we asked many things in many different ways .
the first thing i see is six and eight , sitting in the grass and talking .
when i take a bite , it 's the most amazing thing i ' ve ever tasted .
ella brushes a lock of hair off my cheek , but i ' m numb and do n't feel a thing .
` ` the human mind is an amazing thing , sam , '' my dad muses .
katarina is a quiet , thoughtful woman , and though she 's the closest thing i have to a mother , she 's very different from me .
he 's a stupid one , and does n't notice a thing .
it will be a long time before i put this to use , but i know my memory of their hideaway is the most valuable thing i possess , and it must be preserved .
guess that means i know a thing or two about you , too . ''
the truth is , i ' ve already deleted the only interesting thing on two 's computer .
that the closest thing i have to a brother , ivanick , is the one who nearly killed me , pushing me brutally off the edge of the steep ravine .
but there 's no such thing as perfect , is there ?
` ` the only thing any of us really need to know is to always put our garde 's survival ahead of our own . ''
but by now i know enough to realize that there 's no such thing as just a dream anyway .
but as usual , he left that to mom , who - also as usual - overcompensated , although in a situation like this , when your only son is almost seven thousand miles away from you and his city 's under terrorist attack , i guess there 's no such thing as over doing it .
` ` honey , '' she called from the kitchen , ` ` there is no such thing as privacy . ''
` ` then you wo n't feel a thing . ''
as if the idea of eating with us was the most absurd thing .
part of me wanted to tell him to forget the whole talking thing , but i gritted my teeth and nodded .
` ` the whole obsidian thing ?
somehow , she made the whole glowing thing sound like i was covered in boils instead of light .
` ` i think , for now , it would be best if we kept this between our - selves - the whole healing thing and what you did back there .
i was beginning to suspect our math teacher was an alien , because how else would daemon get away with not doing a damn thing in class ?
i was still stuck on the whole mating thing .
` ` is it the whole energy thing ? ''
i do n't trust a damn thing about him , kat . ''
` ` what about the arum thing ? ''
i do n't know what assimilation entails , but i ' m sure it was some kind of observation , so would n't they have noticed eventually , especially with the heat - signature thing ? ''
` ` i ' ve been thinking about what matthew told us - the whole marrying dna thing . ''
chapter 3 already treading on thin ice with my mom , i decided not to mention the whole window thing when she called later in the evening , checking in .
` ` i should n't have flipped out over the whole dawson thing last weekend .
my gaze fixed on the ceiling , but i really was n't seeing a damn thing .
maybe not a life for a life , but i got the whole life - in - prison thing .
he apparently got ahold of dawson and already told him about the whole onyx tolerance thing . ''
surprisingly , pretty much everyone was on board with the onyx thing .
it happened so fast , he could n't have felt a thing . ''
` ` i think the first thing to test out is if i do have a tolerance to onyx .
i was still lost on the whole stone and light thing .
i got the whole refraction thing .
i would n't put a single thing past them . ''
` ` try something - like that reflection thing . ''
` ` the whole healing and mutation thing is n't an exact science . ''
did our onyx training mean a damn thing ?
i barely felt a thing .
the gears of the clock , the same one that had kept him company for years , were the first thing he saw clearly .
it is frightening to speak of this intangible thing that keeps going through my mind .
it was the thing i missed most during our years in the cellar .
that 's not the sort of thing he 's likely to ignore .
he 'd decided the night before not to tell anyone else how strangely familiar the place seemed , the odd feeling that he 'd been there before - that he could remember things about it .
it was the first thing suggesting a potential solution to their predicament .
they hit a dirt floor , and thomas could n't see a thing until minho turned on a single lightbulb by pulling a string .
must be things about this place we obviously do n't understand .
you said the pattern 's basically been repeating itself for months - one more day wo n't mean a thing . ''
i ' m really not feeling the whole layer thing .
` ` i guess it 's my turn now ... you know , the whole opening up thing ... '' there 's something about his voice , i can tell he does n't want to .
with each upright step , though , my mind cleared some , and soon i was able to take stock of my situation : i was stark nak*d , with not a thing to my name - no money , no horse , no clothes , no personal belongings , not even a ribbon to bind back my hair , which fell lankly about my face as i struggled on .
he agreed that this was a very fine thing , indeed , as he scurried about to see what cooking gear might be contained on this bark .
i know she is a bit nervous about what will happen tomorrow , but she is a tough , brave little thing and i know she 'll be all right .
` ` this little thing , sir ?
the merry showboat is a thing of the past .
there may be clues to his past - who he was , where he came from , that sort of thing .
and what is that one thing , will henry ? ''
i will do all i can , but- '' ` ` there is only one thing i want , '' whispered varner .
the space between us had shrunk by half when i regained my wits , pulled the doctor 's revolver from my belt , and took aim , remembering as i started to pull the trigger the thing that had nagged at me before , the thing i should have remembered but could n't : bullets .
` ` i was an only child like you , will henry , but in john chanler i found the closest thing i would ever have to a brother .
fixated on the occult , native superstitions , that sort of thing . ''
he was not unkind ; he offered to find me something to eat , but i declined - food was the farthest thing from my mind .
the thing you may understand but do not know .
mr . thomas arkwright is who he claims to be , a brilliant young man with a passion for all things monstrumological , who happens to be enamored with a certain doctor of natural philosophy , so enamored , in fact , that he writes not once , not twice , not three times , but a total thirteen times , begging for a position to study with this modern - day prometheus , this colossus that bestrides the scientific landscape .
that 's the ironic thing .
there was arkwright in his chair and torrance standing behind him and me against the wall , and there was the lamplight and the nidus and the spatula , and , glistening on the spatula , pwdre ser , the rot of stars that made men rot , and inside each of us das ungeheuer , the thing unwinding that whispers i am with the force to break the world in half , the thing in you and the thing in me , the thing in thomas and the thing in jacob wall , o doors , two for each of us .
there was arkwright in his chair and torrance standing behind him and me against the wall , and there was the lamplight and the nidus and the spatula , and , glistening on the spatula , pwdre ser , the rot of stars that made men rot , and inside each of us das ungeheuer , the thing unwinding that whispers i am with the force to break the world in half , the thing in you and the thing in me , the thing in thomas and the thing in jacob wall , o doors , two for each of us .
it goes on forever , the unwinding thing ; it has no beginning or end , no top or bottom ; it is not contained by the universe ; before the universe was , it had been ; and when the universe has burned itself to a handful of dust , it will still be there , the thing in me and the thing in you , das ungeheuer , the abyss .
it was not the first time he 'd faced down death , but that was one thing to which one never got accustomed .
` ` it is not the sort of thing that comes up naturally in conversation , '' he answered .
` ` it saved you in america and it saved me in england , the thing in which i must now put absolute faith - the one thing i do not begin to understand !
` ` there is no room in science for pity or grief or any sentimental thing . ''
what thing have you found ?
there is no room in science for any sentimental thing .
would there have been room then for sentimentality , for the absurdities of love and pity and hope and every other human thing ?
it does n't have to be , the thing scratching in the jar and the man in the stained white coat saying you must become accustomed to such things .
no anger , no sorrow , no silly sentimental thing at all .
the only thing i could not understand was why he would n't confess .
no room no place no point in mercy or forgiveness or sorrow or any human thing .
and it is a thing that can never be lost .
the thing to which there is no human answer .
the weird part was , i had no idea about the retainer thing .
` ` bit of a strange thing for a young girl to hold dear , but there it is .
if you feel it , you will discover that it has a hard , round thing at one end .
good boys ... all except dufour , who in his youthful innocence did not turn around , and who did not miss a thing .
` ` the image - cultivation thing has always seemed kind of fake - o and manipulative to me . ''
` ` my sister shoplifted too , '' i say , as though this is some nifty thing we have in common .
but i ' m beginning to wonder the same thing .
` ` we all have presents too , '' he adds , ` ` that we do n't tell even the people we love every little thing about . ''
mommy and daddy did n't hear a thing .
it 's like the whole devon knox thing . ''
i ' m not brain - dead - i knew that introducing that particular f - word into the conversation would be poison , because when a girl asks you if you wan na go out , the last thing they want is for you to say how great your friendship is , which sucks , because you can totally mean it in the best possible way , but it still sounds like you 're handing her a sack of shit .
` ` there 's no such thing as epic love . ''
i turn the key and i turn the key and i turn the key and she does n't do a damn thing .
and i ' m about to tell norah she does n't have to do a thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as ready , '' she says .
okay , i know one thing i want , something that i can have .
i do n't do the whole baring - of - the - soul thing .
she thought it was the best thing she 'd ever eaten .
the delaney thing ... '' he looked away .
the only real thing was the gun : heavy and cold .
maybe knowing where i am would take the edge off , but i ca n't see a damn thing .
shit , i was n't ready for that because i ca n't see a f**king thing with this blindfold on .
it 's become the only thing i look forward to in life .
` ` what 's this modelin ' thing about ? ''
tears prick the backs of my eyes , and i tell myself very forcefully that i ' m not going to cry over the fact that trevor just listed off several things about me like it was the easiest thing in the world .
it was pitch - black , and i could n't see a thing .
i told you about the whole slowing - down - time thing , right ?
but the biggest thing ali had missed ?
like when they dressed up in bulky snow pants to sled down bayberry hill , talked about their ideal boyfriends , or cried about the jenna thing from sixth grade and comforted each other .
pompous ass or not , he probably knew a thing or two about acting .
memory 's a fickle thing .
the term underwear model is the first thing i learn in every language . ''
` ` just this thing i got in the mail .
` ` about ... the surrogate thing .
hanna hesitated - the last thing she wanted was proof that she 'd been in a mental hospital .
it was n't like she 'd been particularly forthcoming with iris about why she was in here , either - she had n't told her a thing about ali , a , or mona .
this whole klaudia thing made her feel itchy and unsettled .
the first thing courtney dilaurentis heard when she woke up the morning her life changed was the ticking of the clock on the wall .
but when she looked at her daughter , she did n't suspect a thing .
i gave you the tamest thing i had , spencer .
of course , that might mean gayle was walking through the front entrance at this very moment - and they would be the first thing she saw .
she 'd met reefer at a princeton early admission dinner a few weeks earlier , and although she had n't been into his hippy , pothead vibe at first , he ended up being the best thing she got out of her disastrous pre - frosh weekend on campus .
` ` it seemed like she did n't know a thing , but i guess she 's just a really , really good actress . ''
and nothing 's harder to extinguish than an old flame ... . as for aria , tabitha 's necklace is n't the only thing she needs to keep buried .
` ` that is the most beautiful thing i have ever heard , '' he said in his delicious icelandic accent .
` ` that brings us back to the money thing , '' spencer said , writing money on the sheet of paper .
` ` not a single frickin ' thing , '' iris said to the notebook , slamming it closed .
they probably do n't know a thing . ''
the first thing she heard was noel kahn 's name .
it was nothing compared to what else she knew about the jenna thing .
` ` you really think this is about ... the jenna thing ? ''
she ran the equation over again in her head : a knew about toby and the jenna thing .
a lot of things had made her think of the jenna thing in the past day , although she kept trying to shove it out of her mind .
about the jenna thing . ''
the only thing that wavered in her father was a tiny muscle , up by his neck .
someone must have carried her in , and aria , who slept like the dead , had n't noticed a thing .
the only thing she could see of her neighbors ' yard was their unfortunate collection of birdbaths , stone animals , and lawn jockeys .
she would always associate fireworks with the jenna thing .
when she did , her mother had turned away , like she did n't suspect a thing .
back then , the only thing emily had known about ian thomas was that he was rosewood day 's go - to guy if they needed an upperclassman representative to help out at the elementary school 's field day or corral kids in the cafeteria when a big snowstorm made the buses late .
the only thing she knew about the federal reserve was that when it lowered interest rates , her parents got all excited because that meant their stocks would go up and her mother could redecorate the living room - again .
you do n't know a thing about me .
` ` are you talking about the ... the golden orchid thing ?
it had been at least three years since she 'd been inside spencer 's bedroom , but it did n't seem like spencer had changed a thing .
the first thing she pulled out was the string bracelet ali had made for them after the jenna thing .
but she could n't remember a thing .
ali had loved every minute of that - it was practically the only thing she talked to aria about in the last few weeks before she disappeared .
i ' ve never met a guy 's family and i do n't know a thing about etiquette .
in this life , you do n't have to feel a thing and that makes you a coward . ''
noah and echo are the closest thing i have to a family and it would be nice not to carry the burden of the secret around by myself .
and , yeah , i still talk to her because she 's the closest thing i ' ve got to a sister , so i can say her damned name if i want to . ''
she squeezes my hand and i squeeze back , grateful that she does n't say a thing .
` ` twenty dollars i 'll find out the same thing about you . ''
no one will tell us a thing .
` ` and you wo n't do a thing to stop it . ''
the boys and i had none , which meant we depended on our foster parents for every little thing .
though the word was one i 'd learned topside , i grasped its meaning intuitively ; it was a thing that could not be articulated or explained .
i ' m telling you now , from the things i ' ve survived and the places i ' ve been , that there is no such thing as impossible .
sometimes i enjoyed the pictures but even after going to school in salvation , reading was hard work , so that was the last thing i 'd steal .
we 'd tried to replicate his organization , only without that whole ` ` indiscriminate murder of innocents '' thing .
then i realized this was n't a thing at all .
` ` well , '' joel said to professor fitch , ` ` the clock thing is probably a dead end then , if people have already noticed it and researched it . ''
the montroses never said a thing about lucy .
i ' m going to google the whole thing this afternoon - raven , sapphire , tower , mountain ash tree .
there 's only one more little thing i should mention .
the first thing you should know is how to curtsey to a gentleman of the same social rank as your own . ''
` ` the first thing gene carriers learn is to put their own wishes last and do their best for the cause .
he still had n't eaten a thing , and i was beginning to wonder how he was ever going to put on those extra pounds that i remembered .
` ` there 's one thing i 'd like to know .
although i could n't see a thing , i sensed that gideon was standing right in front of me .
` ` the greatest thing you 'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return .
if mr . bernard had wanted to do anything like that , he could have done it long ago , because no one else knew a thing about that chest .
not because i was surprised by his peculiar padded jacket , with shoulders that made him look like a wrestler on anabolic steroids , but because whenever we met , i obviously could n't do a thing but goggle at him .
but before i could check my ideas against the real thing , we had to come up from the cellar .
on the other hand , it would be typical lesley if she also gave the whole thing a political meaning , just to put the crowning touch on it .
` ` i ca n't come anywhere near imagining how much it must hurt to discover a thing like this , gwen .
` ` like i said , the guests at this evening 's party wo n't know a thing about such details , '' i said , holding my breath as madame rossini took the queen alexandra dress off the rail where it hung .
` ` i do n't think i 'll ever get used to that sort of thing , '' she said .
yet another thing to add to the list i ' ve been compiling , things i ' ve learned about jett .
yet another thing to add to the list i ' ve been compiling , things i ' ve learned about jett .
the landscape has been ravaged by war and neglect and it 's still the most beautiful thing i ' ve seen in so long .
warner does n't miss a thing .
what 's worse was that the whole room was amped up with unspent energy because i had n't given up a thing .
` ` i ' m supposed to lose weight , but the only thing they have to eat is this stuff , '' she said pointing to her plate of breaded fish sticks , tater tots , and carrots so overboiled , they were dissolving into a blob under melted margarine .
` ` can you get back to this code thing ? ''
jed got the whole code thing so perfectly , which made a certain sense i guess , since songwriters are always writing in code .
` ` whatever you do , do n't say a thing .
it seemed such a simple thing , but she reached for it with the same terror with which she would have reached for a burning coal .
he stroked his chin , a bulbous thing as rough and unshapely as a potato .
` ` it 's the closest thing we have to a christmas tree . ''
even the heaviness of the package in her arms was a fine thing ; yet another memory of the wonderful limitations of being alive .
thinking of others , however , can be a very powerful thing indeed , and can give a strong - willed person the strength to resist just about anything .
inside was a restaurant that featured all things coca - cola -- such as ice - cream floats made with coke instead of root beer , and coke syrup sundaes .
billy never felt a thing .
this was the closest thing she might ever have to true family time with them .
the next thing he noticed was a caboose at the other end of the train , decorated with christmas lights and shiny baubles that reflected the rising sun .
but skinjackers had other alternatives ... ... she had learned the secret of skinjackers - the thing that no skinjacker ever spoke of , but every skinjacker eventually discovered .
jix released a growl that sounded much more like the real thing than any of his previous attempts .
so far you have n't told me a thing . ''
therefore if an entity or object : a ) takes something of value from you , b ) claims to know things it ca n't possibly know , and c ) draws followers like rotting meat in the living world draws flies ; then lift your slowly sinking feet out of the earth , and run as fast , and as far , as you can , for the thing in question will never do you any good .
one look , and all the afterlights scattered in terror , abandoning their mission , but that did n't do a thing for the living children still trapped in the playground - and no matter how hard clarence hit that lock , it would n't break .
yet here before them was the real thing .
i 'll show you the weirdest thing of all . ''
` ` i think i ' ve got the whole walking erect thing down now . ''
it 's not the oddest thing he 's ever asked me for , so i do n't question him as i grab a package of grape out of the kitchen cabinet and take it to him .
and he taught me the most important thing of all ... to put the emphasis on life .
will and lake , love is the most beautiful thing in the world .
so i just sit down next to him while he eats , and i do n't say a thing .
` ` you 're a sly little thing .
as mrs . brill announces the next performance and we take our seats , sherry whispers to me , ` ` i did n't get the whole ' butterfly ' thing , but the rest of it was so good . ''
i said the stars were the last thing she gave us , and they were .
this is the last thing i need in my life right now .
the last thing i wanted out of this was to upset her even more .
the fact that i ' m a hundred yards away and not able to do a damn thing about it is the hardest thing of all .
the least you could do is let her have a little bit of say - so over the only thing she 'll have left .
and he taught me the most important thing of all- to put the emphasis on life .
they flinched under my regard , their eyes washing over my companions in fear , and they turned from me as quickly as possible , pretending they had n't seen a thing .
and then the cold water did what i had hoped it would , numbing my swollen appendages until i did n't feel a thing .
i must have fallen asleep as soon as my head hit l 's pillow because i did n't remember a thing after that .
kinda not grant 's thing , though . ''
` ` i could care less if i ' m grant 's kind of thing , '' she said , irritated .
gabriel had murmured to maria that the sleds had been in storage in the garage for years - another thing that the children had missed out on .
the best thing he ever showed us was the grand canyon .
the only thing i ' ve ever done through cphs in celebration of my heritage was to raise money for the united negro college fund , because a mind is a terrible thing to waste .
` ` that 's just about the only thing god got right . ''
i cringed as i used the word ` ` magic ; '' as if it were a real thing .
they could allow the full magic to flow between us and they could release us from their dictatorship , '' the whole monarchy thing might have been new to me , but i knew enough about world history that if what avalon just told me was true , then i also knew that what he was saying could probably get him killed .
` ` oh nothing , i mean , it 's just that , like the whole betrothal thing , '' he blurted out and i did n't know what he was talking about .
truthfully i enjoyed the whole outcast thing ; it was the ignoring kiran i had a problem with .
ok , '' i began , pushing the corn casserole around on my plate , afraid to look anyone in the eye , lest anyone else get upset or jealous , ` ` i do n't get why i have to go to india for this whole eternal walk thing .
eventually the feeling became as normal as it could be , for that sort of thing and i was able to concentrate on using it .
` ` but that is the thing , is n't it ? ''
` ` ok ... . '' i did n't really know how to reply to her , granted she was the tiniest thing i had ever seen , but i still felt like she was insulting aunt syl who had the perfect waist , in my opinion .
` ` you 're a cocky little thing , are n't you ? ''
` ` but uh , i ' ve been meaning to ask you ... . the whole lopsided thing ?
` ` not a thing , '' she answered and i nodded so that she knew it was the same for me .
the only thing we had learned was that the dead immortals were from some of the cities pinpointed , but they were from both the red ones and the green ones .
yes , i was alone even with him there , but he knew things - the forest , how to walk , how to live - that i could never hope to learn .
i set to work , breaking open the first stalk of grass - a stout , woody thing at the base , green and juicy at the tip , about the same thickness as one of her fingers .
she 's learned a thing or two about trailblazing in the time she 's spent following me , and she makes good time at first , though eventually she starts to slow from exhaustion .
i turn slowly , sure i ' m going to see her clad in something frilly and impractical , but i ca n't make out a thing because she 's got the flashlight pointed at me .
i know there 's this other thing i should be thinking about , this other thing i know , but every time i try to approach it my mind reels away , shuddering .
it 's such a small thing , a shower - and then again , it 's everything we have n't had .
i had explained the whole super - natural relationship thing to him before , but i had also explained how we were n't supposed to meet for years yet .
` ` anyway , i scared them away with my whole star - power thing and then seth and jupiter , my weapon 's trainer , showed up and kind of saved the day .
but he was still the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
piper demanded first thing the next morning .
it was hard to read their expressions exactly because of the whole glowing eye thing , but that was a pretty tell - tale gesture .
she blushed , realizing that none of them knew that lucien had to tell her because of the whole ` ` sex = moon = glowing hands '' thing .
a few minutes later and caia could n't feel a thing .
the whole lucien and caia thing was mind boggling to him .
` ` do n't smell a thing except urine , beer and sex .
the tricky thing for you in a communication spell is that other energy bobbing in the background .
if she really was up to something - and he was sure she was - then she would be too on edge to let the smallest thing slip .
` ` such a little thing , and yet from what phoebe has told me i would have imagined you to be a giant .
` ` you mean the trace thing ?
i could n't hear or see a thing .
we want to show you one more thing . ''
that the only exchange of love i ' ve ever gotten is from daisy and that felt about as plastic and as fake as things can get .
that 's the last thing i ever want callie to have to deal with .
huddled in the kitchen cupboard , listening to the grownups gossip , she heard the duke 's housekeeper , ana kuya , say , ` ` she 's an ugly little thing .
the last thing i remembered was the terrible pain of the volcra 's claws piercing my back , that searing burst of light .
the ease of our closeness was a thing of the past .
` ` the first thing sailors teach you is how to swear . ''
* * * the first thing i knew was real was the rocking of the ship - the creak of the rigging , the slap of water on the hull .
but superstition is a powerful thing . ''
` ` the return of a royal prince is no small thing , '' vasily said .
then some fragile thing seemed to snap in the queen .
the only thing missing was the firebird .
* * * the first thing i heard was the low rumble of tolya 's voice .
the only thing i know for sure is that i have to save james .
the only thing i can register right now , which thankfully is the most important thing , is that james has feelings for me .
we sit at a table and do some tests where he has me drawing pictures from memory , recounting a short story that he reads to me , remembering fifteen words in a list , that sort of thing .
james is the first thing i see .
then isabel showed up to keep tabs on you both and i could n't do a thing .
the only thing missing is james .
` ` oh , the adapter thing ...
` ` do you think she 's over the whole austen thing ? ''
` ` i know how weird this whole austen thing is .
he screamed at her , or maybe he pleaded ; she could n't hear a thing he said .
the only thing she seemed to crave were little cakes made by the widow karina stoyanova , scented with orange blossom and thick with icing .
i run to my locker for the pencil case i left on accident the day before only to come upon the strangest thing .
the only other thing audible to me was the obnoxious static of my own heart beating from my chest .
i did n't know a thing about any of that stuff and really did n't care but i did n't argue with my mom .
` ` well , '' she said , ` ` that 's the thing .
my mom did n't suspect a thing .
i knew , there , he 'd never suspect a thing .
` ` that 's right , ca n't hear a thing through the rushing water .
` ` the only thing i did n't want you to have was the university life you held in such esteem .
if i were the one to douse the room in freshly squeezed orange juice , mom would be giving me her disappointed look , the one that says i take every single thing i get for granted and always have .
the only thing she 'd gleaned about clarice was that she was absolutely obsessed with celebrities .
the only semi - spooky thing she found was a scan of a black - and - white flyer that said missing since june 17 , a boy 's face grinning back at her .
but there was one crucial thing missing , emma thought .
the only thing she saw was an old copy of vogue and a sports portrait of garrett , a soccer ball wedged under his arm .
the only thing that did n't make sense now was , well , why ?
most important , she should n't trust a single thing she knew about me yet .
was there even such a thing as being too much of a sex goddess ?
the only thing i did n't know was what they were planning next .
naturally , i could n't remember a thing about thayer himself , but i could tell something had happened between us .
one thing thayer definitely had stolen was the tenuous peace she 'd finally made with sutton 's friends and laurel .
obviously this whole thayer thing was making her go to extremes .
but i did n't know a thing .
once again , laurel gets to milk this whole ` ` thayer 's gone '' thing to the hilt while i have to endure the pain quietly .
` ` the only thing that links garrett to this unit is the key we found , and that 's our word against his .
she did n't suspect a thing .
my three brothers were the smart ones , but even as the f student of the family , i was smart enough to know the only thing waiting for me at the end of following my hormones down to their preferred end - without the blessing of a council - was an express ticket to a nameless tomb .
chancellor charles hayward was a meat and potatoes kind of guy ; he did n't care how uncomfortable he made you , and he did n't miss a thing .
trust was a simple thing , or at least so it seemed at face value , but the thing about living two centuries of existence is that one learns that trust is rarer than love .
i could n't count the number of couples , families , and friends that professed undying love to one another , only to find their unions fractured when this little underestimated thing known as trust was broken .
` ` you know , that kind of thing . ''
` ` yeah , she kind of crawled into my heart and stayed there , '' i admitted , rolling with this whole transparency with julia thing .
` ` pork chops a la commode , '' i said in explanation , staring at the foreign grayish dish that looked the farthest thing from appetizing .
love is a simple thing by nature , people just like to screw it up and make it heavier than it is meant to be .
` ` you cheeky little thing , '' i said , giving the neckline a sharp tear down the arm .
trust was a complicated thing that could really screw with your head .
i do n't hear a thing . ''
` ` i ' ve learned a thing or two . ''
when i knew she has the whole unconditional thing that i have .
the only thing i know about reversal is what your father and i have discussed .
` ` now , walter , '' i say , ` ` the first thing i want you to know is you should n't really take rides from strangers . ''
that 's all i asked , just that one thing .
i 'll check into the cost first thing monday morning . ''
` ` well , no , maybe not that exact thing . ''
they do n't think i ' m pretty and all that kind of thing . ''
i do n't mention a thing about church .
i explained the whole aimee thing to you already . ''
not the gasoline thing , the aneurysm . ''
i mean , i do n't know a thing about horses myself , but that does n't matter either .
he does n't understand the first thing about family .
` ` from the amount of killing that went on in your section of the mines , i highly doubt you ' ve forgotten a thing . ''
` ` marriage is a legal contract - it 's not a sacred thing .
she was a pretty little thing : her blond hair hung in loose curls , and her brown eyes were flecked with green .
the funniest thing i ' ve heard in centuries ! ''
perhaps she needed to teach him a thing or two about code - writing .
his father smiled again , a cruel , cold thing .
we do n't want to miss a thing .
smita is the only thing that makes sense to her now .
what strange creatures we are , to find silence peaceful , when permanent silence is the thing we most dread .
this is usually something you only have to learn once - that just like there is no such thing as forever , there is no such thing as total .
` ` you had the noah thing , and it 's all rumors right now .
` ` doubters do n't mean a damn thing , '' i tell him .
he would never betray us for vale ; his allegiance to his older brother is a rotted thing , ready to crumble .
` ` he 's a cute little thing .
a deep , raw thing .
i ' m trying to figure out the same thing . ''
the hope i saw in his eyes earlier is a precious thing ; i ' m afraid i 'll destroy that part of him .
they wo n't notice a thing . ''
` ` there is one thing you should know , '' he said .
he did n't actually use those words , but it was all this ' sable and i have a contract ' and ' sable is not one to underestimate others ' type of thing . ''
` ` only thing he ever give me was this dress , which somebody left here and did n't bother to pick up . ''
` ` well , for one thing , i was n't brave at all .
the first thing to greet my sight is an elegant , leather - bound case .
` ` well , my lord , for one thing , i know you recognized many of the names on that paper i have given you , or you would not have invited me up .
the last thing i pulled out of the basket was a small leather bag that clinked when i tossed it on the table in front of liam .
but in other areas , things about angels and angel - bloods that you can only get from the inside , she does n't know much at all .
` ` there 's no me - and - tucker thing , okay ?
` ` what about the light thing ? ''
` ` the light thing ? ''
the theme mythic love is supposed to bring to mind the myths of gods and goddesses , hercules , that kind of thing , so my greek - inspired dress is perfect .
i try to remember a single thing i ' ve learned in all those hours in aerodynamics class , but i ca n't translate any of that stuff about planes - lift , thrust , drag - to what my wings are doing in this moment .
i ask , instantly unsure about this whole tucker thing , no matter what wendy 's intentions were .
tucker watches me as i gnaw on a barbecued chicken wing like it 's the best thing i ' ve ever tasted .
in fact , he hardly ever brings up the whole angel - blood thing , although sometimes i see him looking at me with a kind of curiosity in his eyes .
i ' m shocked by how simple it was , such an impossible - sounding thing as going almost a thousand miles in the literal blink of an eye .
angela catches her bottom lip in her teeth for a few seconds , the first sign of real nervousness that i ' ve seen since she put the whole seventh thing together .
` ` love is a many - splendored thing , '' she says .
and yet we both know that time can be a tricky thing .
that was another thing that just did n't make sense in my world anymore .
` ` it 's not a thing .
it shows that you 're far more decent than i am but i also think you use this whole sti and cheating thing as a way not to get involved .
and temporary was the farthest thing from my mind .
that was the thing that did n't make any sense .
damn it , i 'd given up the whole paladin thing .
that color paper only meant one thing .
but you love him for more than the whole oracle thing .
` ` it would be our wish , '' cavenaugh tells him , ` ` that you be the first thing they see upon their unveiling . ''
` ` she 's the closest thing i have to a mother . ''
` ` no such thing as a bigwig awol , sweetie .
` ` actually , there 's one more thing i want to show you before we go . ''
even if everyone knew about him , it would n't change a thing . ''
one thing 's for sure , though .
i promise you wo n't feel a thing . ''
computers claim to think , but they 're just mimicking the real thing .
` ` you do n't know a thing . ''
you might even teach me a thing or two about being a parts pirate .
as for my name , well , a name is a curious thing .
there is no such thing as a free lunch , wisdom well - learned from mr . yancy beauregard cantrell , back on the belle of the golden west , where we laid out many a salty tapa and served many a quenching drink .
the one thing i do not keep in the seabag is my wineskin - that useful item i have filled with water and it hangs from a hook next to my bed , ready to grab should i have to run .
what a touchy little thing .
it 's one thing i ' ve never been able to master : the telling of time . ''
and yes , there is such a thing as stupid questions .
how can she deny me that little thing when she says that she loves me ?
have i not taught you a damn thing ? !
she was the most beautiful thing i had ever laid my eyes on .
squeezing of legs ... .again ... ... ` ` nope ... not a damn thing to do but take you to clean out your locker and then home , sounds like those are my plans for the day .
` ` now that was the best thing i ' ve tasted all day . ''
she was the most beautiful thing i had ever put my eyes on .
i said it every morning to him because he told me he loved to hear it from my lips first thing each morning .
i had to smile against her neck ... .she really was a greedy little thing .
the first thing i noticed was our tree .
she was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever laid eyes on .
so , it looks like i wo n't be bringing up the whole baby room thing anytime soon .
the hug did n't mean a damn thing .
i was still pissed about the whole paris thing .
she was a quiet little thing .
it was probably the whole ' blessed ' thing .
you did n't feel a thing . ''
i did n't feel a thing . ''
the fact that she had initiated the most surprising and hottest kiss of his entire seventy years ( and he 'd had a lot of kisses ) did n't mean a thing if she would n't look at him .
i think it 's some kind of hypnotizing thing , so they wo n't mess around with their daughter . ''
not the whole playing games thing , but something real .
i wo n't bore you with all the details ( who am i kidding with the bore thing .
see , i ca n't really be mad at you about the whole crystal thing , because i did the same thing with matt .
it 's such a little thing .
personally , i was good with the whole riding - on - my - shoulders thing .
the only thing clear to me was that nothing was going to be clear to me .
and i ' m going to let you in on a secret : when it all comes down to it , the thing that matters the most in a relationship is principles .
he ran over to me , and he did n't need to say a thing .
the girl can think of an argument for any little thing , but when it comes to backing me up , she 's at a loss for words .
the first thing that comes up is a news article about a boy football prodigy who 'd had the attention of division i schools since he was fourteen .
' they is allowing me to hear absolutely every single twiddly little thing . '
' now how on earth could i be knowing a thing like that ? '
' but please , when you see how truly glumptious it is , do not be guzzling the whole thing .
' majester , ' the bfg said , ' i is wishing to ask a very special thing from you . '
she 's a ... ' what had the hempstocks called her kind of thing ?
i was a little thing that amused her .
the thing had - he hated to admit it , but there it was - supernatural overtones .
he went round with them , writing up on walls dissolution rules ok . for a long while after that , the only thing any of thasper 's class could learn of the sage were scraps of questions chalked on walls and quickly rubbed out .
this time it was : ` ` if you do n't give over i 'll tell your ma first thing when she comes home . ''
it is , indeed , a very fatiguing thing , as no doubt you know .
the only thing about him not grey was a large black trunk beside him , high as his shoulder .
` ` it 's a very little thing to thank me for , '' amos said .
` ` and this new thing i ' m working on .
` ` truth is a dark and deceitful thing . ''
but it knew words she did n't know , things she 'd never experienced , like how it felt to unfurl your leaves to the bright taste of the sun , and the empty screaming space in the air as a sister died , her bark and pith chopped through to make ships or firewood .
and it 's just a little thing . ''
a husk you 'll be , a wisp you 'll be , and a thing no more than a dream on waking , or a memory of something forgotten . ''
` ` the first thing i want to know is what those things are .
` ` but we 'll want to meet this boy , talk to him before you leave with him , that kind of thing . ''
last thing i remembered was the party , the zombies .
she 'd made me order a decaf , saying i was too young to have the real thing .
` ` he wo n't feel a thing , i promise you . ''
the fact that cole had seen him again meant only one thing .
i knew a thing or two about survival before doing my time , so i had naively thought that i was better prepared than most for what lay ahead .
it was such an innocent thing but it held so much weight .
it was yet another thing i had lost and had made myself forget that i had enjoyed .
but she had n't mentioned a thing all week about going to see him .
so much , '' she let out in a rush and i knew she felt guilty for exposing her vulnerability over the phone knowing there was n't a thing either of us could do about it .
i could listen outside his window and he 'd never suspect a thing because the palace is fortified .
but then , maybe that were n't such an awful thing .
i let john herd me out , and i did n't say a thing more , my voice tiny and trapped inside me .
that were it , the thing that had been rolling round my mind like a loose marble .
` ` do you know what the only thing is that will allow for our marriage to be annulled ? ''
i took some of the roasted pig and though i half expected the whole thing to taste like the cuts of bacon tuck sometimes made , it were more like crisp - skinned ham .
or my husband , it seems , but i do n't know a damn thing about it . ''
you are my only chance of having richard pay me any mind at all , and i wo n't let anyone , least of all your mewling pup of an outlaw , take another damn thing from me .
` ` then maybe you should learn a thing or two about manners from me , '' godfrey told him with a grin .
my name , my parents , my place - i were n't sure of a damn thing except his mouth , his kiss , his tongue touching mine and making me feel separate from my whole being .
jake nodded , but his plan was the farthest thing from careful .
she had n't said a thing , not one single thing the entire trip home .
but plenty of other people must have known about this dead kid , because next thing we ' ve got is a traffic jam off columbia all the way to peacedale first congregational .
but of course i remember every single thing about it .
i was cut down to size before i had a chance to prove a thing .
she reminds me that the work is the only thing .
a spy must absorb every thing and reveal nothing .
` ` see , that 's the thing , '' i told her .
` ` the only thing i ' ve got that 's his . ''
we hardly ate a thing the next day except for carrot sticks .
the savini thing might seem left - field , but only if you 'd never witnessed what joshua could create .
` ` alex is the truest thing i ' ve got .
a chemical thing .
he was allergic to the whole falling thing .
` ` i have night vision , and i do n't see a thing , '' risa said .
mom did n't say a thing .
` ` you need to eat the yellow sand promptly , but let me explain a thing or two first , '' the coyote said .
` ` i understand a thing or two about shaping , boy , '' declan said .
` ` what if that 's the most precious thing i have ?
` ` i will grant you one thing , '' nollin said , wadding a napkin and tossing it aside .
it would be the closest thing to what the prophecy wanted .
` ` he did n't know i had the whole thing , so he admitted me to his throne room with a big crowd there .
` ` i 'll grant galloran one thing , '' ferrin said cheerily .
` ` i ca n't see a thing through this sack , '' ferrin declared .
but i ca n't remember a thing .
oh , i know a thing or two about snakes , pal .
` ` whether you stay , or go to antica and attend the torre cesme and return to save the world , '' she mused , ` ` you should probably learn a thing or two about defending yourself . ''
she did n't let it out - no , because he did n't truly understand a thing about what lurked under her skin and ran claws down her insides - but she stopped any attempt to control her features .
` ` she does n't have to do a damn thing to earn our loyalty . ''
chaol wanted to say that , given how much he 'd already told him , he did n't have to offer a damn thing .
these days , he did n't know a damn thing .
he wanted to say it , but he still did n't want ren or murtaugh or anyone knowing a damn thing about her .
` ` when you trained as an assassin , what was the first thing you learned ? ''
` ` i do n't have to give you a damn thing . ''
though it was an ephemeral thing , intangible , i daydreamed her warmth against my palm , and for the first time since i came back , hope fluttered its fragile wings .
there 's one more thing i kept from you , a file i did n't show you last night .
you wo n't have to feel a thing .
` ` the only thing i know is that you were going to live with some old pervert who likes to hit you and now you have no place to live , '' i clarify and dodge around her , heading for the entrance doors .
` ` the only thing i know about her is that she can be a bitch sometimes to callie , always making her stay out of the room when she ties that damn red scarf around the doorknob so she can have her way with helpless men . ''
the only thing i know is that she asked me not to ask her anything and if that 's what she wants i 'll give it to her .
not that she knew the first thing about hunting with a pistol , or was about to waste bullets figuring it out .
that 's what had been bothering her all day : that feeling like a toothache , that thing about time .
no dead smell , which might not mean a thing .
only me and the council and a couple others know about him and that ... touch thing he 's got going . ''
against the jump of orange flames , the spit turned like something out of a grade - b movie : the carcass threaded onto forked wood lashed together with , of all things , extension cords .
she could n't tell a thing about his neck because of that headlock , but she would lay odds that he had n't tried filleting his flesh with that knife or , maybe , a dagger of razorsharp glass .
he was , she thought , the closest thing she had to a friend .
maybe hope was a terrible thing , but he held on to it anyway , despite what he 'd said to lena .
could n't see a thing , not even her hands resting on the weapon .
it 's all just voodoo ; there 's no such thing as magic , there 's no such thing .
and this whole rule thing ?
now , there 's that glock , and he 's grabbed hold of this little bubble of hope , but it 's a fragile thing , and so is his soul , and i am not going to be the one to crush either .
the next thing peter heard was the scrape of a boot over concrete , a pop of grit .
he sucked wet , warm copper from his lips , and it was the best thing he 'd ever tasted , and he wanted more .
` ` there 's no such thing as magic , '' chris managed through numb lips .
the more she mulled over that feathery thing , the more she thought : fletchings .
` ` for one thing , i ' m curious to see if she eats her young .
but here 's the thing , '' she said to the wolfdog .
` ` like an out - of - body thing .
` ` all i know , the only thing about which i am absolutely certain , is that i love you .
not a thing , except this gluey , gucky , purple maw , as if the crazy lady spends all her time slurping blood jelly .
the whole character - from - a - book thing , she did n't buy .
emma down cellar the first thing she notices down cellar is the icy tongue of a draft licking her ankles .
it 's the only thing on this quilt that keeps popping up in everything house shows me . ''
the only thing she recognized with any clarity was a yawning chasm , an inky hole at the center of her vision .
the kind of thing tannis would n't hesitate to ask .
i forced myself to sit there for fifteen minutes , looking at my school books without absorbing a thing , fidgety to get back to the action .
the first thing i learned was that the articles called him death .
how could i when the most essential thing about me is so strange and secret ?
but i think what i ' ve actually learned is that the only thing that matters is that i have this ability .
i did n't know a thing about philosophy except the familiar names - aristotle , socrates , plato .
beyond that , like socrates , the only thing i really know is that i know nothing .
meanwhile , i should have felt a spike of adrenaline - he was coming closer , he was running now , he 'd reached the center line in the street , i could see his face , his eyes on me - but i did n't feel a thing , just watched him coming and thought this was how i would die .
` ` i ca n't see a thing without my glasses , '' i piped up , quoting velma and nudging my cat - eye glasses with one finger .
but the only thing i could tell that my aunt lauren expected of sofia was for her to be as stressed out as she was , and sofia seemed to be doing that admirably .
i did n't know the first thing about how to cure a hypothetical problem that i would have barely understood even if it had n't been hypothetical .
she did n't mention the other half of the coin , though : that sometimes the truth was n't the most useful thing to add to a conversation .
the thing that makes you tie that apron on in the morning each day and think , that is why i am going to work today , to serve that thing to customers who have not yet had that thing and , oh , what a memorable day those unaware initiates are about to have ?
the thing that makes you tie that apron on in the morning each day and think , that is why i am going to work today , to serve that thing to customers who have not yet had that thing and , oh , what a memorable day those unaware initiates are about to have ?
it was a strange thing to be asked .
they do n't tell you how even though you wo n't remember a thing from when you were a wolf , you 'll remember the look on your now - ex - girlfriend 's face right before and right after for the rest of your life .
chapter eleven grace when i first became a wolf , i did n't know the first thing about how to survive .
her feet were the only thing i could see , inches from my own .
those were n't things that sam generally would have sought out - facts were not the most interesting thing to him - and quite possibly it had been information he 'd grown up knowing and already found not useful .
those were n't things that sam generally would have sought out - facts were not the most interesting thing to him - and quite possibly it had been information he 'd grown up knowing and already found not useful .
cole smiled at me then , this sudden , broad thing that was pleasing in its realness .
the only thing i had to explain to my friends was where my new boyfriend had come from .
` ` tell me more about the mind - meld thing , '' i said , wanting to keep him talking , to hear his human voice .
sorry , i ' m missing the whole undead thing .
so peg told him he did n't know a thing about horses if he thought all there was to the race was the horse under you .
the only thing i know of the sea wishes is that father mooneyham told us not to do them .
` ` some things are too obvious to have to write down , '' says the man next to eaton , who is wearing a very tidy three - piece suit with a scarf in place of the jacket .
they both vanish into the mist , and the last thing i hear is hooves scrabbling , frenzied , and then puffin wailing .
it 's a heavy thing , this look of his .
` ` if you knew a thing about the horses under this roof , you would ' ve known the difference between them , even in the dark . ''
so far , the only thing she had found in this tunnel was doubt .
the sun was nearly gone ; the most visible thing was the dead white of his skin .
` ` anyway , noah was a pretty scary thing .
but how could she know this huge thing about him and not tell him ?
prologue a secret is a strange thing .
the thing that stopped gansey cold was the obvious fact that the lake was man - made .
it was a look that asked how ronan , of all people , could be so stupid to think that sleep was just a thing that could be so easily acquired .
` ` when does the potential start being a real thing ? ''
blue was a fanciful but sensible thing , like a platypus , or one of those sandwiches that had been cut into circles for a fancy tea party .
` ` have you told him about that no - kissing curse thing ? ''
he was struck by what a glorious and fearless animal blue sargent was , and he made a mental note to tell her that very thing , if she did n't drown getting whatever the second thing was .
it should not have been , but it was , and gansey , who prized honesty above nearly every other thing , knew it when he heard it .
i think your forest is like an apparition , if i had to guess about these things .
he had n't felt a thing when the screwdriver had pierced his side .
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about me , '' ronan said .
and if adam really did buy helen 's story , it would n't hurt a damn thing .
it 's not a thing any more than ... conjunctivitis is a thing . ''
he would n't be able to take a thing from it .
it was a dreadful thing , this night horror , impossible to understand , but ronan was done being afraid .
the darkness and uncertainty crushed gansey 's ribs as small as a fist , his breathless lungs reminding him of yet another long - ago summer day , the afternoon he first realized there was such a thing as magic in the world .
` ` now , what is this thing you want to know ? ''
being adam parrish was a complicated thing , a wonder of muscles and organs , synapses and nerves .
` ` do n't be foolish , little thing , '' the faerie said , and he took my hand , pulling it from where it hung by my side .
he added , ` ` but i did say there 's no such thing as a safe faerie , did n't i ?
i got that , with the whole shovel thing .
` ` the only thing i want is an explanation .
you will soon discover that there is no such thing as ' your own destiny . '
he never did a thing to you ! ''
` ` you can not do a thing . ''
i could n't see a thing and my eyes stung from the furious wind gusts .
i would not normally ask such a thing .
and there is one thing that you are forgetting .
as i picked my way over sharp rocks and through dry brambles and descended into the bowels of the underworld , that was the thing that stuck out at me most .
i find , as time goes on , that things are rarely what they seem and power is a very fluid and finicky thing .
` ` none of us know a ruddy thing , but thank the heavens we 're together .
` ` not a thing , '' tick responded .
oddly , the only thing he could see through the bars of the gate was a grove of trees .
he thought of soulikens and how those small and permanent stamps of electric pulses and energy might be the very thing he felt seeping out of him into ... wherever they went .
still , he refused to let it go ; it was the only thing , he said , that matched his muddy , sopping , finely tailored suit .
` ` please , '' he said , ` ` there 's one more thing i 'd like to show you . ''
` ` but i ca n't see a thing ! ''
` ` it 's hardly the same thing ! ''
which is why you 'd think i would n't have a problem with the whole dark , enclosed spaces thing .
for an awful moment i was afraid we 'd come to the wrong island or , worse yet , that the home was just another thing my grandfather had invented .
i 'd gone there to find the curator , hoping he knew a thing or two about the island 's history and people , and could shed some light on the empty house and the whereabouts of its former inhabitants .
` ` if he 's who he says he is , then why do n't he know the first thing about loops - or even what year he 's in ?
* * * the first thing i heard when i could hear again was laughter .
` ` nobody suspected a thing , '' she said .
it 'll be the dullest thing ever written ! ''
` ` i bet there 's a lot of things about this place she would n't like you to know . ''
then i felt emma nudge me , and we retreated through the doorway and up the ladder , and when we broke the surface again the first thing i saw was the great bold stripe of the milky way painted across the heavens , and it occurred to me that together the fish and the stars formed a complete system , coincident parts of some ancient and mysterious whole .
` ` once the loop resets he wo n't remember a thing . ''
again and again they 'd asked , paying in wine and trinkets for this greasy gossip of devil life , but they had n't learned a thing .
the magruwen dreamed dragons first and he doted on them , fade most of all , the truest thing he ever fashioned .
well , she was born in dreamdark but left as a tiny thing .
my mistress has long been wanting to know that same thing .
` ` still , you probably need to have some kind of basic understanding of music , reading notes , that kind of thing . ''
` ` i ' m talking about skills , mr . wisenheimer , gifts , special attributes - you know , the thing that separates you from the average joe . ''
` ` parting , the sweet sorrow thing and all that , but we 're on a tight schedule here and we ' ve got to get shaking . ''
i asked , since i could n't think of a single thing i had left that mattered .
you hit the earth at the speed i was falling and you do n't feel a thing .
we are interested in only one thing as it relates to you and that one thing is not your personal welfare .
night had fallen and i could n't see a thing , not even the top of her head two inches beneath my nose .
` ` here 's the thing , '' i told him .
` ` there is no such thing as fair .
` ` have n't you learned that there is no such thing ?
conor 's grief was a physical thing , gripping him like a clamp , clenching him tight as a muscle .
a knife wo n't do a thing against something like me .
and , except for stalin , they absolutely did n't know a thing about the decision alejo was trying to make .
you never would have known a thing . ''
surely the last thing that makes any sense right now is to hear that his son has just left islam , after committing murder , and is now declaring himself to be a follower of jesus .
it was dark and she could nt see a thing through the wall when suddenly kevin shined the penlight directly into her pupil .
as you know class , i do nt believe there is such a thing as a stupid question .
suddenly , she disappeared , and the only thing left on the displays was the three dimensional map of the building .
i could nt conceptualize that kind of thing .
that s the other thing i am looking for ryan .
tarren was there , but he did nt say a thing .
i felt sad , but i was only missing the idea of something , not the real thing .
fear is a fascinating thing .
yet it seems that the science of this thing acts just as a magic .
distance in the big city is a thing of illusion .
yes , time is the essence of the thing .
the council of the elders had determined that the only solution to the safe keeping of the future was to give the task of holding the secret to the one person they knew already possessed it , and understood that it was a thing of beauty , not of power .
i edited typing errors , some grammar , many spelling errors , but did nt change a thing .
when somebody shoots at you , the first thing you hear is the snap , right where the bullet passes and then the boom from the gun because the bullet gets to you before the sound from the gun .
mrs . anderson , are you sure there is nt anything you could tell us about the man , any little thing that we could use ?
* you think he took the thing about george serious ?
well , for one thing , i know you re not gay .
nothing really , but i m planning to take a trip , to sort of disappear and clear my head , that sort of thing .
robin tried to assure me that she would nt have felt a thing .
i had learned a thing or two from the colonel .
i found her lying on my bed ; she had been there ever since i had left , not eating a thing , just curled up into a ball .
her husband had green fingers and got sea sick on the gosport ferry ( on a calm day ) , so she was very keen to keep her headstrong daughter away from all things nautical , but she was nt very successful .
third things first , how on earth do you know about palm beach i spluttered ?
mine too , and then quickly sat in the empty chair across from him , latched onto his half eaten breakfast and devoured it , she was ravenous , with all the worry she had nt eaten a thing since leaving the lady s. two hours - and another two full english breakfasts later , they were both almost up to speed on each others life history , then surreptitiously she arrived at the question that she had wanted to ask at the very beginning , girlfriends ?
child , you do nt know the first thing about idiocy .
faith is a wonderful thing .
there is no such thing as exclusion in an attraction based universe , edie may stated , if you have set your mind on fighting against something , this very thing is part of your vibration and will be attracted into your reality by the law of attraction .
if there is one thing that we want you to take home with you today , one thing that we want with all that we are , for you to understand , it is this .
if there is one thing that we want you to take home with you today , one thing that we want with all that we are , for you to understand , it is this .
this whole abrahamster - vibe - attraction thing is so simple yet so mighty complex .
sometimes simple faith is the only thing that stands between us and darkness and i would nt have it any other way .
the next thing to fall into place was a new batch of mechanics and supervisors , so using his own equipment the new team took off the wings , lifted the aircraft , retracted its undercarriage and gently loaded it onto his never been used before road transportation cradle , and the wings were slotted into their very own padded cradles .
the only thing that i had on next week was the start of the team leader and flight commanders interviews , and then it dawned on me - natasha shladakoff ?
all went well for a year or so but then competition and high overheads slowly put him out of business and he had to go onto housing benefit , but that did nt cover the garage rental , and one of the last things that paul got before he left for spain was a thank you very much note from the area housing officer ; mr hobbss garage rent was now in substantial arrears .
i had a feeling that all my quaint little nicknames were now a thing of the past .
whilst he was in the body guard division he was happy to take their silly money , but then they asked him to transfer to a black - ops team ( as usual there is no such thing as a free lunch ) and sensibly he quickly relocated to spain , that was the destination of the first vacant seat out of the airport , not even pausing to pack a bag , and after a surreptitious phone call to the colonel he was now innocently propping up the wall beneath the street sign downton walk - cul - de - sac , blissfully unaware that the said walk , with the appropriately named art gallery in it , was now downton walk period .
with that robin and alice had me transferred to the peace and tranquillity of a world famous sanatorium high in the swiss alps , although it might as well have been a b & b at the end of gatwick airports main runway , i could nt hear a thing , and certainly did nt know what a peace , or a tranquillity was .
as my body was now becoming a shadow of its former self i was now also regularly being beaten , thumped , squeezed and twisted by a gang of masochists , which were collectively known as physiotherapists , but as you can guess i never felt a thing , in fact a dentist did two fillings without any anaesthetic , and i never flinched a muscle ( normally when they said this wo nt hurt i would threaten to grab hold of their sphericals and say you and me both ) .
what drew my interest were the papers you did on the theory of man thing and that tirade on the state of affairs .
i ' m sure some things just ca n't be found anymore so try and be creative and above all make damn sure we eat well on this cruise and for gods sake do n't run out of coffee or you will find yourself swinging from a yardarm .
we could no longer compete and american manufacturing in the traditional form was a thing of the past .
support and elect candidates who are patriotic , ( there is not a damn thing wrong with love of one 's country ) , have been instilled with real core values , and by that i mean an unswerving sense of right from wrong along with good old common sense .
i have never noticed that you lack a thing .
your father knew all this , and used his position to secure the greatest thing of all : power .
man , you refuse to put this thing in its proper context , gilbert responded .
i do nt think we can learn another thing until we experiment some more .
that i can not remember a single thing about me or my life except for the past two days ?
i think i must ve been a good alchemist because i can remember and recognize herbs , plants , and stones but i ca nt remember a thing about how to put them together .
michael threw back his head and laughed aloud at the irony , the only thing he had found to laugh about since he had returned to his homeland .
they know many things about the herbs and other growing things .
there was another thing that he had sought , but he could not wrap his thoughts around it .
a portion of ones life force is a considerable thing to give , said bearl .
she liked to see how long she could continue to stay on , trying harder things each pass : handstands , cartwheels , flips , back flips , twisting back flips , leaps , turns ; she was nt missing a thing .
i swear it will be a honor for me , he said enthusiastically in hebrew , i am not so wicked or ignorant or extreme religious to avoid you realize a thing , that is rooted in your neshoma i mean : in your soul and spirit and love - of - life .
but though i know that america is full of adulterers and criminals and brothel managers and millions of people that entertainment is almost the second thing they love after sex making , instead loving god and his religion though i could have succeeded in that huge country of midgets in towers as one of our prophets had said i ve thrown america behind my back !
the only thing you really know is that joshua fflowers is a good grandfather .
then , there was the third thing .
some things hurt and others are raw , but of all those things , it is the deep muscle aches in his thighs that take pride of place .
science , by definition , required freedom of thought , which was the one thing he could not have .
for he could not surrender his own beliefs in the hope of having her , as precious a thing as that might be .
no such thing as the easy way , is there ?
cramer had his secretary book him a flight on the first thing smoking to the united states , by any route .
charity never gave me a damn thing .
mark and his whole coming - back - from - the - dead thing was pretty weird .
and he does n't remember a thing .
the whole submarine thing sounded very familiar .
the next thing allison became aware of was the absence of one of her hosts , rosa lee .
i ca nt see a thing , but it ll be light in another thirty minutes , then well see where we are .
i cursed aloud , then remembered my duties and answered the miserable thing .
of course not , think not a thing of it .
the parents were paid handsomely , and drugged so heavily throughout the process they likely can not recall a thing .
perspective was a wonderful thing , after all .
the guys were conversing as i ate my meal , but i started growing restless not knowing a thing about them .
i hate to break it to you , hunter , but there s no such thing as good 80s music , as you call it .
but i have no doubt that you will be more interested in the fact that the very first thing my father ever taught me was how to shoot a rifle .
meanwhile , there i was , a perfect little angel , while he was off doing whatever the fuck he wanted while no one said a thing about it !
the last thing i remembered was that glowing ball , and knew it had something do with our predicament .
there is one thing i do nt get , though .
so what s the important thing i m missing ?
i m only missing one thing , carpin said .
its the only thing that makes any kind of sense .
and that , in the final analysis , is the only thing which i can truly share with you , reader .
you re the closest thing to family here , deputy ladd ross told denise lipscomb , who stood beside me in a state of shock .
and then i realized i could nt explain a damned thing .
and what is this new thing ?
i do nt know about any of that , i told him , but this is the only thing we ve got at the moment .
the silence was the eeriest thing i d ever heard .
she could not refute the monstrous thing which conyn 's words implied .
i never said a thing about her not being right about most things .
i never said a thing about her not being right about most things .
rose - a - lee was a polite sweet little thing .
i m too much the professional to forget a thing .
it is a hard thing to digest .
its a big thing to grasp .
not a thing , replied craig .
son , for me , math is the only place in the universe where things make sense .
if the last thing the boy remembered was looking up and seeing the mainmast come falling toward him , chris suspected that was all the boy would ever remember about that evening .
elegant soirees such as this were a thing of the past .
of course she had never before seen print , or ever had spoken with any living thing which had the remotest idea that such a thing as a written language existed , nor ever had she seen anyone reading .
copying the bugs taught her another thing -- their number ; and though she could not count as we understand it , yet she had an idea of quantity , the base of her calculations being the number of fingers upon one of her hands .
it was the half - nelson of modern wrestling which the untaught ape - woman had stumbled upon , but superior reason showed her in an instant the value of the thing she had discovered .
she died here in this cabin and this poor thing upon the floor is all that is mortal of her . '
there is no such thing as right , or at least that 's what my great - uncle used to say .
the men i d seen in all of those action flicks were beyond stoic ; they did not seem to be the types of creatures who ever felt a thing .
for one thing , they 'd probably want to hang us for witchcraft . ''
it took us about four hours , what with a ferry ride and two bridges , to reach the olympic mountains , which are centered on a peninsula and surrounded by a narrow band of flat land and beaches and saltwater and the whole thing stretches west to the pacific ocean where there 's a line of windswept beaches and a rain forest , and some people actually think of it as vacationland .
those flowers and kisses had n't meant a thing , not that there had been many .
i know where they are in the sky and how that tells the future , the best choice of career , when to marry , that kind of thing .
i could n't see a thing in the dark but i could feel his touch , hear his breathing .
the passage had no lights , no windows , and i could n't see a thing .
that 's the most useful thing about superstitious people .
this armorth thing is kind of scary sometimes i wonder if i m even controlling my guardian .its the other way around and its only been a week since i uncovered mine ryu tells cross joining him on the bench .
a thing that you ll never understand .
my sweet , you have to understand a thing .
a new thing came into picture .
what is the most beautiful thing then love ?
i closed the phone , but something in his voice made me asking if he really wanted to help me , and that condition thing was too suspect .
is there any thing you can tell me ?
this magic thing was hard , and vague , and not at all something she was familiar with .
but the sensation was not a physical thing it was on a different level .
all felt something was different in the way the crystals were responding , but no specific thing .
strange that so small a thing should set my heart to leaping wildly !
' as i have said , i never saw kathulis except when disguised as a beggar , a leper or some such thing -- when she was fairly swathed in rags .
the whole thing had a distinct effect of unreality .
as i had carried the vision of his into that dim land of nothingness , so his dear eyes were the first thing which greeted my returning consciousness .
i was given anything i wanted , except the one thing i ever asked for , his blessing to pledge pursuer .
the only thing that had finally quieted ressna was the hard knock at the bedroom door .
' and now , ' said the king , ' we are forgetting one very necessary thing . '
' well , ' said m. bonacieux , when his wife had shut the street door and he found himself alone ; ' that imbecile lacked but one thing to become a cardinalist .
' i am quite ready , ' said d'artagnyn ; ' but in the first place i should like to be certain of one thing . '
' to be sure we will , ' replied aramys and porthys , with admirable promptness and decision , as if that were the simplest thing in the world , ' to be sure we will get you out ; but meantime , as we are to set off the day after tomorrow , you would do much better not to risk this bastille . '
' well , then , it becomes the simplest thing in the world ; get me that proof , and i will send her to the bastille . '
' and yet that is the most simple thing in the world , my dear brother .
the other girl , a blond did n't say a thing .
though , i 'd love to know all about it , maybe i could learn a thing or two . ''
and for that , i ' m proud to present the artist himself to come and share a thing or two with us .
the one thing which remained clear , despite their speed as they moved past me was the portals .
i did nt know a thing about who she was expecting , and to be found out as an impostor in bed i surmised would risk a much more dangerous response from the woman .
spy humor is a difficult thing to grasp .
` ` sir , i am unsure of many things of which you speak , but i feel i must tell you of a place at the far end of the dream valley that has a name similar to that which you seek .
over 2,850 years later when the site was excavated by matthew stirling , the 782 pieces of jade taken from this one hole were the only thing remaining .
the only thing missing was oh , there it was .
he d taken more than a dozen tests already this year at this special testing center near his new school , and he knew lots of things about this place .
i have to tell the university , and ill have to arrange paperwork to get this thing through customs for both out of mexico and into the states .
no like i said , you ca nt see a thing .
` ` perhaps our friends here know the same thing . ''
loc made a face as if to indicate that he was offended llama would even suggest such a thing .
quickly and effortlessly removing his tunic , the only thing touching his chest was the flesh warmed medallion .
calm down , there are things i ca n't speak of yet , however , believe me when i say there are things that exist beyond the comprehension of our current civilisation , or what you would call reality , shade said as she rose to her feet and reached into her backpack .
i do nt feel a thing , gunnar said .
i know some things about this wood , hilda answered him .
her realization that she had meandered some distance from the house was n't the only thing to bring her from the wander ?
the only thing pastor briarwood wanted from the boy , at least initially , was the location of henri ville , and all jonathon william beckett the third answered as best he could and then he would be free to do whatever he wanted .
nathan thought it was an indication of the futility of the act considering he was an active duty army officer actually living on base and never knew a thing until the bombs started falling .
the only ones that might have an idea would be the scar team that first witnessed the film , with full sound , in cambodia , but one thing is known for certain .
they make iphones and macs ... . whoa again john ... got to tell us what this mac thing is .
besides i do nt know if this thing floats , and clem the date is wrong too .
i ca nt grasp this parallel universe thing yet .
now there were a lot of things forrest did nt know about old manual shift ford trucks , but there was one thing he did know he believed they had heaters .
the closeness set her teeth on edge with longing , as if the most wonderful thing in the world were held at her lips and then snatched away just when she realized what it was .
illusions do not reflectit is a complicated thing to explain , but it may get you into trouble if you forget about the reflection when you should nt .
those ones sometimes go off their food at first , and you must feed them gently with your own hands , things like honeyed nuts and sugared fruits .
what better thing is there than harmony ?
` ` the only thing i know about matriem is that darin liked it . ''
the thing i swore i never would consider .
damn .. cant see a damned thing now who s thatjohn are you still there ?
i had this old sea daddy once , oldest lieutenant in the fleet he was , thought he d show me a thing or two with his fancy engraves admiralty officers sword .
i hardly ate a thing .
now , the second thing they did nt know about me was just how good i was at boxing .
there is no such thing as chance .
you could be walking on green hills and wondering where the beauty comes from , that feeling of a gentle breeze on the surface of your skin changes the way you see things , like someone is walking with you who makes everything wonderful .
for those who knew how to receive and understand what the wind carried came a greater understanding of all things , for the mind must be truly open to receive such a thing .
the first thing they saw when they entered the house was the log book on the bed , michelle read through her tears , as the words revealed to her the direction her fathers mind had taken in these last months of his mortal life .
somewhere in her belly was a feeling which made her excited at every new thing she discovered .
but the human animal has also been influenced by the genesians , and this accounts for all of the things we have been able to express through kindness and compassion , love and sharing , for example , the poverty caused by the corporate plundering of the resources of poorer countries in quest of power and riches has given rise to the need to create charities .
the one thing you have never given me , could not give me , is love , and i now have the chance to have that most precious of experiences and will not lose it by marrying your pathetic excuse for a man , haversham .
the prince sat up straighter , but her strategically placed cloak made the motion useless : he still could nt see a thing .
he calmly tied the bag closed and finished going about the chores that needed doing in order to set up camp for the night , giving no sign that he had overheard a thing .
the prince nodded at her as if such a thing was obvious , but for the life of him he could nt remember how the groomers in the fortress had styled his hair .
the moss on a nearby rock , the sparkles of light in the stream as it raced over the pebbles , these things were etched with a distinctness he had never before experienced .
these eyes do nt miss a thing .
in time it became the only thing that made sense to her .
later , she asked cybil , as kindly as she could , to schedule a meeting with jamie montes first thing in the morning to discuss mexico , but was informed that mr . montes is away on travel .
inside , as their eyes adjusted , the only thing immediately visible was open space and a decayed concrete floor .
do nt start with the whole ermahgerd thing , warned duke .
oh , crap , i totally get the whole burning ring of fire thing now !
claus was the bloated red - and - white - fur - covered embodiment of everything billy had ever wanted and the one thing he had not received : actual parents .
were they on to the whole santa thing ?
` ` um , well ... '' she thought for a moment , and decided that she really only knew one thing worth knowing .
` ` could n't feel a thing ... made it very hard to tell when i was better , and no - one else was bothering to tell me , so long as they could keep taking my money .
it was a silly thing to be impressed by .
` ` if you deny that kind of thing , they 'll only get more insistent .
he had to read and take quizzes on the danger of sub humans and the threat they posed to the peoples government , or books on how social justice is the greatest thing in the universe .
in the meantime , it did nt cost a thing to dream .
the world she had come from and the world she lived in now were light - years apart , and the main thing that separated the two was money .
about three meters below the water line was the very thing he had hoped to see .
the butt thing is not in my repertoire unfortunately , laughed subra .
beth smiled , hmm , sly ; no such thing as coincidences , thought beth .
the only thing she needs is a little money for expenses and clothes .
one last thing , then i really must go .
logic is a wonderful thing and ka loved to use his deductive powers .
osiris was devoid of evil he did not suspect a thing .
i know it sounds far fetched but you , of all people , know how hard it is to describe this sort of thing .
no , i m not going to charge you a thing .
once you muttered my name , you sent armies running because the only thing that traveled faster than truth was gossip and i was on everyones lips .
it was the type of thing you get use to after a few months so i let it slide and did nt strain my brain too much about it .
the first thing you need to understand is that gil abercrombie ca nt help himself .
i mean , were trying not to use magic here , but i ca nt let too much caution be the thing that completely stops me .
ryan did nt miss a thing .
so i m saying this for neil , he was one of my heroes , and i just added the asteroid mining thing .
hell , they mostly lay on their backs and do nt do a damn thing except keep track of the amount of time you have left in office .
so what s the third thing then ?
in fact the only thing electrical at all that andy recognised was an ancient radio in the corner .
he wriggled onto his back and listened , but could nt hear a thing .
the only thing he was certain of was that the coar city gang would soon know of his release and be after him .
since he would be having all of his meals at their house , the only thing he d need the woodstove for was heat when the time came .
the only faded thing he could see was the wood piled onto the sheet .
what was the most important thing that you found while being here ?
she putted herself in the knee , looking below the car , and again she did nt discover a thing .
she did nt say a thing .
he smiled to her , starching a hand to lift her up , observing that she was nt saying a thing .
indeed that the happiness from inside stopped , not hearing a thing from the house .
she drank four glasses of whiskey and she did nt felt almost a thing .
angell did nt ask another thing , just because everything was to odd .
angell did nt say a thing , looking towards the sea .
what prophecy mariuss , i am so damn confused and you are not explain me a thing .
a town was having his name , and she could nt understand a thing no longer .
angell could nt explain a thing , remaining speechless .
you know a lot of weird things , boone , john said , maneuvering in the leaves to get comfortable .
the first thing he found was the full watch casing that had been given to him for comparative spatial logistics .
the only thing john understood was that he was on his way toward something .
kids love that sort of thing and from what i can tell most of the yha ones are kid - friendly .
once my eyes adjusted , the only thing i could see in any direction was a moving column of red and black armor ; all around , a mass of ants undulated toward a mountain .
the last thing i saw of brian was his back .
an aerial view would have been an astonishing thing to behold .
they did not even know there was such a thing as an ending .
his presence allowed noah to learn some things about hairy tarantula spiders fighting techniques while he wandered restless each day in the garden .
of course the first thing is going to be first ; otherwise it would nt be the first thing !
she had nt heard a thing in the forty - five minutes shed been making her rounds .
the main thing is that you have understood everything yourself and then i am here after all .
in addition to a bouquet of compliments the most interesting thing was the impression that he seemed to know her so well : her tastes , her habits and he seemed to second guess many things about her life .
natalie and her new companion walked arm in arm right under the general 's nose without him registering a thing .
natalie and i happened to overhear your bodyguard tell the general that an airborne helicopter attack is expected that 's the first thing .
the second thing we heard was that they are planning to take natalie and me out with some sort of special apparatus .
but the most unpleasant thing was that the electronic screen appeared to be silent .
i already know a thing or two about his little affairs .
it was a thing that touched deeper than senses .
it was a discouragingly effective technique , but a thing of no honor .
he went on , neelas a beautiful thing , but not really interesting , you understand ?
worse , she had to wonder if she knew the least thing about these people .
you ca nt say a thing like that , clas .
as the column moved , gan mused over how the strangers did their best to move quickly , although it was clear neither of them knew the first thing about riding a horse .
dubiously , tate rose , and he added , some things never change .
bay yans hotbloods would lose much faith in him , for one thing .
tell me why i am ferrying your arse to the airport to meet your wife when you wo n't give me a damn thing .
the next thing she noticed was the siren , quiet at first but getting louder .
ruth always makes out like being a mother is the most natural thing .
if he had , ted had n't heard a thing .
we ' ve got a lot of things to discuss , but i 'd like to start with this invisibility thing .
after that , the closest thing to news that we had was gossip from the neighbors .
no one else heard a thing .
ted dismissed the notion as though it was the most preposterous thing he 'd ever heard .
if joe pressured ted into giving him one thing , would n't he want it all ?
the only thing i need is for you to let melody go .
when little red riding hood explained the whole thing to him , he joined the party and even offered to give the wolf some of his food each week .
chapter 8 neptunes problem the first thing you must know , neptune informed them , is that i have many powerful enemies , not all of my own making .
the adjumoni brought us bowls of makoli the real thing .
but iran is the real thing .
there is not a single thing i like about you .
these people did n't do a thing !
if jeff can get them to see me and get it done without it costing my mom big money , the only thing it ll really cost is time .
the last thing i want to say is that i hope you know that you can come to me any time if you have questions or problems .
lisa laughed as if it were the funniest thing shed heard all day and , putting an arm around each of their waists , led the way to the front of the building as the sikorsky hummed to life and lifted off .
the important thing to remember is that those three stars point directly north on march 21st every year .
the most important thing to remember is that our sentinels train for extremes .
most of all , dr . abrams continued , i want you to consider the most important thing we have that would be very hard to find anywhere else .
paul considered explaining the whole thing to steven , but then thought better of it .
you cheeky thing .
you cunning old thing , said matilda feeling quite annoyed .
i doubt it , seems as there s no such thing as heaven and hell its hades all the way .
that is a difficult thing to explain , since we do nt know all of the pieces yet .
aislynn would be able to teach him a thing or two about that , he was certain .
well , for one thing , we do not know exactly what the seeds are .
there was one road home and the only thing to be gained by chaffing at the traffic was anger that had nowhere to go .
those victorians knew a thing or two about architecture .
the next thing she heard was the sound of metal clashing fiercely , the growling of the beast on his side and the wild crashing of waves on the shoreline .
the next thing that appeared was yes , the book !
for the pyramid thing , that jewel was shaped like a pyramid after all .
` ` no , '' she responded , ` ` i have no need for thing like magic . ''
the spectators leaned closer still ; the only thing they enjoyed more than a good war story was an even better war .
that s right , not a god - damned thing .
manipulation had never been her strong suit or her love , but all things had their place in the world , and perhaps existed exclusively for such situations .
my duties as a mission priest are a thing of the past .
there is a time and place for all things and you just got it wrong , should they find your lead is crap they look elsewhere .
the funny little thing did n't even seem to have any words in it .
` ` i told you , the only thing i know is there was a pair of little thieves that stole some chicken from me , but they fell into the pool of tears trying to flee .
it was a frightening thing to even consider , even for his simple mind .
it was such a simple thing that demanded he ask it .
as she worked a strange memory puzzled its way into her mind , it was a fragmented thing from long ago .
but for a child it was a thing of wonder , when compressed it was just a ball of unassuming mess .
i ca nt remember a thing .
of course , most people do nt really believe in regnuthu anymore , or else they just see him as a symbolic embodiment of evil or adversity , or some other such thing .
but i ve been getting strange feelings all day , small things out of place .
he s the closest thing i have to a priest .
while pondering the mistress thing i found myself getting more upset at the absurdity of it all .
now this may seem like a bad thing but its not because those worrisome future - planners evolved the one thing we superiors lack .
but it equals the same thing because they do nt have the money .
when people are starving it does nt really matter how someone acquired their wealth , the only thing which mattered was a few people were living while a whole lot were dying .
oh , yeah , i forgot the whole vanishing thing .
it should have been as obvious as the nose - on - the - face thing i was sorry he had to kill a man he d known before but it was obvious to me it was nt obvious to him thus further reinforcing my previous opinion the nose is not an obvious thing .
oh , you mean the vomiting thing .
yes , i mean the vomiting thing .
the people our ancestors wronged can never be compensated for denying them the very thing which sets this country apart from others ; that an individual has inherent rights .
okay , i guess the first thing you need to know is the vote of the elders is nt a vote in favor of one family succeeding another .
i do nt know the first thing about you .
just one more thing before i leave ; candace is asking to see you .
her father had not changed a thing , just kept it clean .
he could now walk on the leg and did nt feel a thing , although he had no idea how long that morphine would last - he hoped forever .
the next thing that came to my mind was my partners in crime , alex and sammy .my two girlfriends , that was always with me with all of my crazy work .
staying mad at them and not talking to them will not change a thing since now nothing can stop them from talking me to the school of magic .
because where you lived there are so many places for people to learn so many things .
ok , do nt worry about a thing .
never got a thing from him though .
you do nt miss a thing , do you ?
the only thing that court raleigh needed to know at the moment was that thorn was nt intimidated by him in the least .
` ` what is this cranial thrust thing ?
he never knew there was such a thing as flying fish and would not have believed it had he not seen them with his own eyes .
they had no iron , which was the main thing they coveted from the ships of the armada .
the truth is indeed a wonderful thing , if only we could know it when we see it .
the only thing in his life now , which he wanted more than anything he 'd ever yearned for , was that little ledge of old wood at the bottom .
in the tomb proper , gabrielle could nt see a thing , it was pitch black , but she could hear low moaning .
` ` and no one around him can hear a thing ? ''
his upper body was extensively muscled from use of a chair and exercise , but would nt do a thing to make him walk instantly .
that is the thing now is nt it ?
he felt the pressure and all the jagged edges , but no matter how much he forced it to cut his flesh , it could nt do a thing .
odd name for a town , but i m not one to knock off a simple thing as a name .
cage , can i ask for one last thing before you leave ?
there are some thing i miss , but the simplicity and lack of development is what i prefer .
she did and her hand went straight through and did nt feel a thing .
so , thinking i can kill some bad guys and protect my country with the usual propaganda that does nt mean a damn thing anymore , i went willingly .
the first thing the cartel wanted to know is who the leader was .
this was the first thing the old man taught me .
apparently the wyrm did nt seem to feel a thing .
the first thing a child learns is what magic means .
these old people do nt do a damn thing except guide and teach the young .
but the biggest thing i ve learned about cage is that he is alone .
i do nt know a thing about this laqura empire .
until that time , remember that the most important thing in life is nt the ground where i m standing or where your ancestors lived , but those next to you .
the last thing i must say is that this journey will be long .
bethans history intrigued her , not least because she had nt shared a single thing about herself apart from the stay in the states .
but the gown was nt the most surprising thing .
they also found out one more thing the opinion polls were specific about .
i am lawton came a thunderous reply from directly behind the men causing both to startle with fright for they d not heard the man enter , not heard the door open , not heard a thing .
oh , yeah , i kind of forgot about the austin thing .
he took the card out of his wallet and stared at it , trying hard to make sense of what was written , but could n't understand a thing .
no one else , including her date , seemed to notice a thing !
` ` ah that s just the thing , '' began jon .
none of them looked interested in giving the audience a damn thing .
but one thing you might not know is that richard told me , dave described you as a bloody good bloke .
the only thing we could want for now would be a tour of our own .
raphael said , first thing monday morning not a time we recognise in rock n roll .
my grandfather and his sons were fascinated with all things mechanical and anything to make the farming of tomatoes easier .
mommy would nt suspect a thing since you are the one who usually take injured workers to the hospital !
the first thing i heard was cheering .
but not the things that had kept her awake , the last thing he had told her .
anne was relieved when a young member of the crew came forward and informed anne that his mother was a midwife and that he may know a thing or two more about childbirth than the surgeon .
this is the first thing one learns before other lessons can begin .
scott and i are old farts , but we know a thing or two .
but , the one thing that we do know is that we were born for a reason .
and i know just the thing .
of course , shed learned a thing or two since then .
the barrier might stop her and the girl from splattering on the pavement but it would nt do a fragging thing to absorb the actual shock of the impact .
on the chance that we figure out the whole virus thing , how would we get it out there ?
come on , there s no such thing as cursesparenthesis , if you believe completely in science , close parentheses , said kerou .
... but not the subconscious thing .
you do nt know a damn thing about what i m feeling ; you just do nt care .
i made the mistake of thinking that there was such a thing as perfection , and that humans could be made perfect by putting computer - like cognizance in them .
the only thing that needs to come out of her mouth is whatever her customers put in there .
i do nt think you should change a thing except maybe scale back on the unnecessary songs and the philosophizin ' .
and we made sure not to change a thing with the recipes .
these eyes may be old , but they do nt miss a thing .
carrera did not feel a thing .
so , what s this startica thing about , again ?
we know all of you have the best intentions , and you just wan na give the people you love the things you could nt have when you were kids , but the first thing you ve got to give them is a sense of priority , kayzi said .
you know , tell you 'bout plague an ' ... all that sort o ' thing . '
and them french is no better , we could teach them a thing or two ...
' and in return i ask only one thing .
' t is a beautiful thing sammy .
trouble is , from what i hear , there 's one thing very special amongst that stuff an ' the real owner was nt appy when he ' eard one of ' is men ' ad lost it .
i reckon she 'll know a thing or two .
the only thing that poor alfred took away from that house was a gruesome nightmare of what would happen to him in the next life if he did nt behave himself in this one .
the only thing we have is this . '
' noo then , there 's one more thing we 'll be needing .
' i think ye have another thing that belongs te us mister scroggs . '
writing was the furthest thing from my mind .
do nt know the first thing about sailing .
in comparison , video of charles barkleys golfing form was a thing of beauty .
but , if there s no such thing as distance , there s no such thing as matter , and particles of matter make up my boat and me , not to mention other people and pizza .
but , if there s no such thing as distance , there s no such thing as matter , and particles of matter make up my boat and me , not to mention other people and pizza .
the only thing i ve ever seen you really passionate about is melody .
she could have shown the instructor a thing or two .
over the next few hours , as more enquiries were made , the picture then started to become clearer , the altimeter would have been their primary attempt , but magnetism is a funny thing , and hard to predict , so teddy had a back - up plan as well , the brake pipe .
a local boatyard then lifted her out and put her undercover , and then for the next six months they both nigh on lived on the damn thing , apparently she was not getting any younger and was in desperate need of a good seeing to it would apparently put years on her - just like me , then the towel slipped , again revealing her golden globes , but this time i did not stop staring .
if it was the same boat then one of them had booked his services over the phone a couple of days earlier which was a bit unusual , boats usually just turned up , but he needed a good mast transport company , they obviously did nt want to travel the canals with it overhanging the bow and stern , one thing less to worry about in the locks , did i know of a good one .
i knew these were men dressed to scare and test us but right then the knowledge did nt mean a thing .
to all these words , selous did not turn his head or acknowledge that he had heard a thing .
all those people , all that organisation , and cecil rhodes and all those other colonialists never suspected a thing , or if they did , they kept it to themselves .
like with all good stories , there is an element of truth in them , because he most probably did go on an expedition and he may even have met lobengula , but the treasure thing is just too fantastic for words .
well , the next thing is here , where she says she will meet her family again , or perhaps just harry .
one last thing she remembered was that he had once said that one day a braughton would come back and try to find what had been hidden and that this search would end in tragedy , that the spear of the nation would fly and pierce flesh , ending the mystery for ever .
for an instant , as we were blinded by the bright light after the dim interior of the police station , i could nt see a thing , but i sensed a sudden movement over by the four - wheel drive we had hired .
he also believes that this thing that is hidden here is of great value to his people , that whatever it is can bring them back to prominence , perhaps even to lead this country .
for such things reside not in the depth of the forest , but in the heart of the individual .
` ` boy , if i had my low - cut evening gown , i 'd show him a thing or two . ''
some nights he 'd be joined on stage by a small gaunt - faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes , playing a japanese imitation telecaster and doing a song called ` ` six - pack mama ; '' the lyrics going something like this : many men try an ' many men die an ' many men make more money many men sampled her bea - u - ty an ' many men tasted her honey an ' it 's a mighty bad feelin ' to need soberin ' up when ya know ya hav n't been drinkin ' but i guess th ' best way to git over that would be to fergit about thinkin ' so tonite i ' m a'buyin ' me ten six - packs git plastered soused ' n stinky an ' come t'morrow mornin ' i 'll throw out her mem'ry with th ' empties well i shoulda ' known better than to fall fer a girl in a empty room cos after she swept me off a ' my feet she flew away on th ' broom an ' if i had any vengeance left in me i could show her a thing or two but t'morrow i 'll be older t'morrow i 'll be sober an ' t'morrow i 'll be over you so tonite i ' m a'buyin ' me ten six - packs a pretzel ' n some twinkies an ' come t'morrow mornin ' i 'll throw out yer mem'ry with th ' empties ... yeah , come t'morrow mornin ' i 'll throw out her mem'ry with th ' empties rumor has it the song was about closing the door on a relationship gone sour , but that 's never been proven .
the last thing he remembered was a frightened scream and a car peeling into the night .
he looked more like da'nose ; his enormous honker the only thing visible beneath the brim of the slouch hat and hooded gown he wore .
` ` it 's an image thing . ''
and the other thing , she assumed belonged to you also .
the first thing they saw were the skeletal remains of a horse entangled in a viscous coating akin to amber or tree sap .
you know , the one having to do with the keeping of records on the museum 's collection , that sort of thing .
then i remembered , ` ` oh , i almost forgot the most important thing ! ''
he had sent me all over the place , even to paris , to uncover things he already knew and maybe he had his reasons for it .
which is the one thing that i needed above all , at that point in my life .
the ulthars did n't notice a thing .
the last thing that andrew learnt from teltibane before the battle was how to create a magical , invisible shield .
when woodpecker asked how he knew such a strange thing , kookaburra answered with full confidence , every - bird - body knows it !
probably small goldfinch was right in saying that the guru bird did not want the job to be done well , he only wanted the birds to repeat endlessly their mistakes until one day they were illuminated and realized that things can be made differently and much better , simpler ; that it is not advisable to interfere with any bird 's work , only to help them to commit mistakes , as it is most beneficial for their personal growth .
when i was a kid , he said , first thing they taught you in school was the words to that song .
beside the dating of the artifacts we try find things about the wreck itself , construction , timber , that kind of thing .
however , they want the same strategic locations on river banks , same vistas , all that kind of thing .
the last thing she remembered was the spout .
the one thing edward promised to her twice now and what would have freed her from her curse he gave carelessly to his wife as if pluck meant nothing to him .
the only thing i really know is that jacob miller and jacob duncan have the same first name .
i think it is a thing that a mother would have a good chance of knowing .
` ` in four years of training i could n't teach him a thing , tomi .
you did teach me a thing or two in our short relationship .
there follows a period of training and mentoring where they discover their ability to move between times ( yes , yes it is time travel but that sounds so sciency and this is more of a mystical thing ) .
the only thing to remember for now is this ; the amulet is important .
she hoped that she had said it casually enough as she was nt sure how well they would understand the whole language thing , in fact she did nt really get it , so goodness knows how she would explain it to a couple of superstitious vikings .
but the most astonishing thing was his face .
the rogue wave ... which she needed to make a sacrifice to aegir and the only thing of value shed had was the arm ring she had used to buy food earlier .
he hated that every one of the refugees from new york had been killed and he could nt do a damn thing about it .
he wanted this thing they called magic .
sure we ve had some great adventures , learned a lot of new things and been many places no unicorn orwelli do nt know about humans .
there is one more thing i would like to show you , darios said as they continued their tour of the island and headed out to the sea .
about the thermic thing .
the only thing i was doing wrong was that i was nt enjoying the little things .
the mind is as dangerous a place to get lost in as it is a wonderful thing to discover .
the realization that there are other ways of living life makes me question mine , and i realize there are things like patriotism that i can not relate to anymore , because my patriotism towards my country is someone elses idea .
and this thing that flows through me like some strange , satisfying , honeyed liquid flows through you and the tree outside my window and this pen and the gap between my hand and fingers as i write this .
i realize there and then that there indeed is such a thing as destiny .
we do nt say goodbye either , which , in a world of endings is a precious thing .
the only thing jack knew about his new partner was that he was a recent west point graduate , and that his last name was jacobson .
i have had a few talks with mom about this and she pointed out that there is no such thing as a perfect mate , but there is such a thing as a perfect marriagei mean , relationship .
i have had a few talks with mom about this and she pointed out that there is no such thing as a perfect mate , but there is such a thing as a perfect marriagei mean , relationship .
elmer reacted , she s just a tiny little thing .
elmer , angie said , is there such a thing as a winged horse ?
no one suspects a thing .
i did nt even know there was such a thing as light magic or shadow magic .
he then realized that he had nt had a thing to eat since breakfast .
do nt you worry , they wo nt suspect a thing .
i ca nt get my scythe , i ca nt use magic that mamas boy is going to steal the disk fragment , and i still have nt learned a damn thing about removing jinxes !
i ve never learned a thing about magic .
however , considering that it was normal for zoe to speak very little of personal matters , the man did nt suspect a thing .
the only thing they had really learned bout it from dardy was that the brotherhood had managed to capture matthew 's family .
` ` let 's hope this mr . chen fella knows a thing or two about dragons . ''
when you are lost in this presentiment , it is the only thing you are aware of .
the only thing he knew about her was her first name and that she was on a school trip .
our talk was short and in fact , he told me just to carry over the first thing i see .
the only good thing he has to look forward to at this point , simply , is closure concerning his immediate future .
the important thing is i got an answerso maybe what your brother meanti do nt knowis that it could , should or will bring you to your knees to pray about it .
to ask such a personal thing of himcould it mean ?
a blade is a beautiful thing , ravan coached him .
they d been quiet for some time , and he was wondering the same thing .
and , there is not a thing more we can do about it .
why do you ask such a thing of me ?
he was grateful , for his small cottage sat nestled at the base of the ledge , and every morning , the first thing he saw upon rising was the beautiful , green slopes that were his homeland .
finally he understood this thing that could make one mad with joy , believing every morning was a dream .
you do yourself no honor offering such a thing to them !
he was moderately annoyed that she would even ask such a thing .
the one thing that they could give us in quantity was ammo and weapons , which was good enough , i guess .
with the addition of many sickly sweet medicines and other things peter knew nothing about , nevilles son did what neville could not : he and his team of geneticists used peters blood to create a tiny little egg .
at last satisfied that this secret hidden thing existed within asher , nodd withdrew his sword and , like a proper english gentleman , waited for asher to do the same .
the tribute was safe in this new land and the tiburu tribe grew strong and honorable , knowing that a vow from a mans heart is the most valuable thing he can possess .
baffled at her complexity , he continued his soliloquy , still searching for the right phrase , well , heres the thing , julie .
well , it does seem so , hank opined , adding , and heres the damndest thing about it .
same as you , not a damn thing , hawk responded laconically .
he paused for a moment , continued with , now heres the thing , nate .
she could nt see a thing .
the only thing of which she was certain was that there was no escape .
i see , kindda like that there trojan horse thing , hank replied .
this of course was different from the usual thing , but these breads really like cocaine , there was a thing people could not resist the magic of a trial addictive !
you can have ability to know my everything , you should know that my character , afraid to reveal to me a little thing , and do not tell me the rest , i will be day - to - night non - stop to think about the truth , can not not sleep , can not want to eat something , exhausted , do nt you want me to be mad ?
however , they still use our planet units of measurement , it seems that there is a little bit thing of earth drawn to the alien , finally gain back some face . ` `
the sweet thing seemed happy , and had a manner that was hardly surly .
the only thing separating us was a thin line of trees .
this thing had been gnawing on his mind all night , like a big black dog with a bone .
for most of their lives , he d been the closest thing they had to a grandfather .
it was to know that i could n't do a thing about it .
there 's only one thing i need from you .
the next thing i remember was blackness .
the only thing that she does not aware of is the political structure and the headquarters of main figures under emperors regime , which lurks inside the country .
but let me tell you , the mind deceives , but the heart is real , said alvin , writing the phrase at the blackboard , and continued for the most of the time it is the only thing that matters .
he had gone missing a month ago in this country , in the province i was headed to and the only thing he had left was the journal i read over and over again before finally making up my mind to follow his tracks .
i figured you ve probably been so busy you have nt eaten a thing , but by now you ought to be able to get away .
wearing a split - skirted traveling costume , i packed a carpetbag with a few changes of clothing , some toilet articles and my small knife , the only thing left me of my cheyenne life .
i ca nt tell you a thing about what kind of life you had before the accident .
is nt it enough that you ve robbed me of the only thing that was mine alone to give ?
donna could show them a thing or twelve on that front and what was happening ?
julie did nt have a cell , and the thought of having to ask for a replacement while still under her parents plan felt like asking for one more thing that they just could nt give her .
my own daughter had everything but never appreciated a thing .
back as far as i remember my father thrashed me for the slightest thing . ''
do nt see a thing , complained toby .
people nodded , happy to share even such a little thing as praise .
as with all things , he put too much power into it , bending the wood just a little too much , letting go of the string too abruptly , and then pulling the talon off aim by the resulting kickback of the weapon .
she had not noticed a thing .
he was a hunter and worker of wood and knew nothing of such spirit things , so he shrugged his shoulders and went hunting with the rest .
the boy was gratified , for he had learned a thing or two as well .
i think being a crossdresser is the greatest thing in the world !
his only experience with this sort of thing was during the one camping trip in which his dad had caught and skinned one .
the only thing he had that could be considered sharp was the spear which would be of little use in skinning a rabbit .
roots , leaves , branches ; all things botanical were grouped together in an area that took up almost a third of the store .
we do nt know the first thing about using a sword .
every time they would come to a junction , the first thing they checked for was the presence of copper coins .
what greater thing could there be ?
the only thing interesting i came across was this mural .
` ` no i ca n't remember a thing after we reached the cottage . ''
but as the badger had said , time was just a manmade thing .
` ` knowledge is a wonderful thing , '' he said with a tenderness that the warrior would never have believed possible in the man he had come to know and despise .
but there was one thing he did know .
` ` we are all told , often by our parents or someone who loves us , of a thing called faith .
it seemed that their experiences were reshaping their beliefs and ideals , and bringing them a new understanding of things that they could have barely imagined before they came to this arcane , dream - like place .
black water appeared to rise up all around him , looming over the ship and the last thing he remembered was the cries of men at the mercy of what he realised was a fickle sea , advancing on them irresistibly .
` ` i do n't remember a thing , '' jack confessed .
there was only one other thing to be discovered .
speaking of , what things should i need to know about this place ?
and as a lady its rude to ask such a thing .
i m guessing he did nt know a thing about you till after dinner .
the only thing that settled my nerves is whatever this surprise you got for me is .
magnus said and grunted as nell elbowed him in the ribs and smiled innocently as if she did nt do a thing .
there is no such thing as good or evil , just perspective .
about the author my youth is covered later in detail in leviticus prime and adulthood in other volumes so the only thing left is perhaps a summary and my current status .
you know that ol crow flapping its wings straight line of flight thing .
sarge said quitely , what was that hemingway thing , oh yeah - that it is sweet and fitting to die for one 's country .
if you ca nt think of one single thing to write about and you really do nt think your life is going to get interesting until you leave school then so be it .
i was getting paid to listen to rave music ... .for eight hours a day , five days a week , i could work through the collection of tapes i d amassed ; hardcore , old skool , anything at all and no one would say a thing .
in fact its a big thing to comprehend at any age .
check this out lu , this sea anemone thing .
the end ... epilogue you know its funny sometimes ; this life thing .
my youth is covered in detail in leviticus prime and adulthood in subsequent volumes so the only thing left is perhaps a summary and my current status .
making love was a thing that gabril reveled in .
huge mountains jutted out from all sides , but he could nt make out any other thing of interest .
` ` it 's the only thing you understand , in fact it 's the only thing i understand and that gentlemen is why we 're here .
i did nt understand a damn thing she said though , but she kept talking .
so far he had not requested a single thing from heronly given .
i d kind of like to know the same thing , aspen said , calmly peeking over his shoulder at the top of gideons unruly thatch of hair .
maybe take her out , let misery show her a thing or two .
he certainly knew better than to ask a thing like that .
this was exactly what gideon wanted , and this way aspen did nt have to know a thing .
sadly for pultrie , gideon knew a thing or two about doing the impossible .
a very big verby thing .
setting it up this way meant the only thing keeping gideon whole and hale was gandys good will .
some niggling , taunting thing suggested itself ; some half recognized point of interest which perhaps really ought to have commanded a greater interest in a much more immediate and pressing fashion .
not for months months had he heard a thing about the man who murdered his brother .
for an instant he regretted not having falcon with him to show these people a thing or two , but it had been resolved not to let such questionable friends as these have a closer look at such a deadly weapon .
asked tusk , the only thing in the conversation that seemed to have touched him .
ushi had expressed an eagerness to go along as he loved new places and learning new things .
knowledge is a precious thing , chaiko said reverently .
he shook his head dissatisfied ; if he was as wise as people said he was , then why was he having so much difficulty explaining such a simple thing to her ?
at first she laughed at the least little thing , whether it was funny or not .
hoar - bear had wet himself but no one thought a thing of it .
is it not said among you that he who knows a thing , knows it well , but he who knows not a thing is not even aware he knows it not ?
i did not hear a thing .
now what might this ' net ' thing be ?
the only thing that is visible are the specks of subdued light coming out from the canopy of swamp trees , the fireflies , and the light produced from the strange device clipped on mr . honker 's waist .
udgd and the rest turn from the door , feeling it coming from the side room ; everyone , that is , with the exception of imrm , who ca nt hear a thing .
of course , if anyone becomes a master of testosterone , the only real thing they would want to have more of would be beefy arms ... or maybe penises - that s also a thing some manly dudes like having more of ; though they d obviously be less - good at killing things than beefy arms , well , i m sure some other narrators would disagree , but i really do nt see the appeal of killing someone by- .
is life not a grand thing , leading us all on such unexpected adventures so long as we throw our caution to the wind ?
right , ill probably be busy doin mercenary work , considerin i ve just wasted a ton a time on this whole fountain thing , udgd says with a grunt , manlier than its ever been .
maybe that would have worked 20 years ago , when the only thing that state had was lawrence welk and a whole lot of frozen wasteland , but not now .
shelly did n't give away a thing in her facial expression .
grain farmland was the only other thing he could see .
i know now that my judgment was the furthest thing from the truth .
all rights reserved ~~~ do not resuscitate first published 2014 fishing first published in deep in the hearts of texas 2013 jases challenge first published in deeper magic : the first collection edited by jeremy whitted amberlin books 2003 da de los muertos an original cael and jake story from the anointed series new edition 2014 fallen warrior the eaglekin series first published 2011 a bit from clover : the only thing these stories really have in common is that they each feature a soldier / warrior who has no quit in him .
he looked like he was being strangled and jake could nt do a damn thing about it .
cael was hurting and jake was helpless to do a damn thing about it .
and he could nt do a damn thing about it .
the eaglekin 's face was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen .
the judges can give a perfect 10 as a score but they never do , because in ninjutsu there is no such thing as perfection .
we ' ve only been here a month and not every student learns the same thing .
you do nt know the most important thing .
believe me , it is the most difficult thing to possess power but not to resource to .
the seer could nt understand a thing , but after he looked closer , he saw something looking like a humans silhouette .
the only other thing of interest that turned up was the womans name , sophie .
they could have been murdered in their sleep and he would nt have been able to do a thing .
she was only a little thing and she looked so fragile but she had fooled him .
she was a tiny little thing , looked as light as a feather .
you ca nt feel a thing .
soon , he could nt see a thing .
i did nt know at the time sitting with my salad at the deli , however , that i was never to see those eyes again and my days of being an expert all things redheaded were about to be over .
she was 20 a really hot , little , dark - haired thing .
but scott was lucky too , because she was a beautiful girl , who was the only pure thing that scott had left in his life .
and i for sure did nt know anything about alias spirit or soul , i was nt even sure that kind of thing existed ; but i had felt different since she died , had nt i ?
you do nt know the first thing about what s going on , son .
i had actually called him and very briefly talked to him a couple of days after arriving in two med , just to check in , and then had nt heard a thing from him nor had i particular wanted to .
this was the very thing he needed to know !
she had nt said a thing since .
castellans will is a thing of surprising strength , but he is but one man .
you did nt do a damn thing to help him !
the only thing i remember after that was waking up in a desert near an oasis with nothing , but the clothes i was wearing and my sword .
this was the last thing i wanted to know at this moment .
this child was the only thing standing between me and my prize , of all the luck in the world .
well first of all , the judicators are still out on the whole spies in the forest thing , he quickly retorts , waving a dismissive hand .
an african landscape in a broad golden frame of all things .
nobody had mentioned a thing to me about claire hitting a goat .
i needed to get my head around the fact that tony and claire were actually married and that he had n't told me a thing during all this time i 'd shared his house .
it was the closest thing to what i had left behind in england .
princess taught me a thing or two about city customs .
i know about the whole respect thing , but parents ? ''
her husband peter stood around sheepishly and pretended not to hear a thing .
i ' m just not ready for that sort of thing . ''
` ` bridget will explain the whole thing to you in her own good time .
` ` he does n't know a thing .
the next thing i remember were the words the inyanga had made me memorise for when i was ready to return .
i have only words to describe my life in botswana and the other thing that i never really understood .
what s up with the ship - name thing ?
charlie slammed into the side of the helicopter , already aware he did nt know the first thing about how to fly the vehicle .
the only thing that stopped me was , would the sharks get me before i made it .
frank beretta always said there is no such thing as a perfect plan , and tommys brilliantly executed abduction of joey beretta proved to be no exception .
oh , he s a sweet little thing , is nt he ?
the last thing she remembered was ... baumans fist .
the only thing we have is knowledge of earth .
she did this type of thing all the time .
he was the closest thing there was to a living legend , and most of the younger generation worshiped the ground he walked on .
oh , when will you give in , my dear thing ?
its too dark out , and these old eyes ca nt see a thing .
life was very good at that moment and neither would change a thing .
after another minute of debate chancho convinced esperanza to join him and pepe , and the three of them enjoyed the closest thing any of them had had to a family meal in a long while .
the only thing they care about is keeping their titles ; but you , you re something different , the opposite of a prodigy , falcon said .
innocence is such a precious thing .
gisbo and rolce returned to their tree house for the night and boy did gisbo have a few things to share with his synergy mate .
gisbo knew rolce was good at a lot of things , but one thing he could n't do was lie or hide his feelings .
this went on for a long time until ferguson was satisfied that he d wasted enough time and words and went on to try to explain what this fossil thing was .
jack asked again , ` ` i mean the author actually told you something , did nt he because i did nt learn a damned thing from him . ''
` ` its the thing people have been looking for , '' jack explained , ` ` its the proof that everything is all screwed up .
` ` exactly , '' reizvolle said , ` ` he s going to come here to further this thing we jokingly call a plot .
it was opulent and like most overpriced opulent buildings they did nt know a damn thing about fireproofing .
the only thing i can assume is that you must be a descendant of the clan the core belonged to .
sounds simple , but this is the most important thing you must learn .
it was the most amazing thing she had ever tasted .
war is such a terrible thing .
there s no such thing as genius , billy yelled back .
he was doing a doctorate in computer science and wanted to get into medical records software with a built - in artificial intelligence backbone so that it could be used to spot diseases , run treatment protocols , that sort of thing .
i took a few courses in computer science and got more and more interested in data mining , artificial intelligence , internet applications , all that sort of thing .
he had some ideas on cyber warfare , that sort of thing .
` ` nothing , not a damned thing , '' says mark and they enter .
let me have part of that hash brown thing . ''
bunch of dumb asses , no one suspected a thing , '' says jim as he tosses the keys to the truck to mark , including the key to the padlock on the rear doors .
her only thought was , since he did n't just mount her on the deck , he must be wanting that other thing .
having been the personal slave ( and a bit of a pet ) to an old widowed woman who ran her plantation herself , leona had learned more than a thing or two about managing people and projects : recognizing talents and matching skills with tasks .
i threw the two other pieces in their respective wells revealing the same thing .
we are n't the first to visit the room , and i can not tell you why i know these things about this place .
the only thing he d gained was all kinds of crap , suffering from periodic diarrhoea .
the last thing he saw was eds astonished expression , and that made jeremy very happy indeed .
contrary to popular beliefthere is such a thing as a stupid question .
it wo nt do a damn thing if you re shot here , he said .
in the morning , nobody came to waken us , but i rose early and demanded the bill first thing .
i could n't believe in what she had just said , but neither could i deny that the biggest thing on the map which had been changed was the fort where the quarry now was , like a cancer eating away at a vital organ .
different people from different places have different words for things , torman explained patiently .
i did not steal a thing from him .
it might satisfy her curiosity , but it would destroy the beauty of the thing .
so i just kept sending my children places , setting them up in trades and places where they would find things out .
the first thing he heard made his eyes widen .
his scarf was gone , and sofia had n't said a thing about his birthmark - maybe he could actually survive without ... no .
` ` the basic thing you need to know is that all the stuff you think you know about the laws of physics - like , what goes up must come down - goes right out the window when you get down to particles that small .
tick , dude , are you serious about the whole alaska thing ?
try to do a better job of it next time - i could n't understand a single thing you said about it .
and so master george began his story , the craziest , wackiest , most bizarre thing tick had ever heard .
it was an elusive thing , hard to reconcile with the immovable theorems and hypotheses that orbited his mind like rigid satellites .
the whole concept of alterants was confusing - especially when you threw in the whole thing about fragmented realities .
i ' m not real cool on the whole lung - cancer thing .
` ` guess we were wrong about the anagram thing , '' sofia said .
` ` but before we slumber , i must show you one last thing .
` ` it 's just ... that 's the coolest thing i ' ve ever heard .
the energy and power of the void was a thing of awe , a thing that would make most people cower and shake with fear .
the energy and power of the void was a thing of awe , a thing that would make most people cower and shake with fear .
about the karma thing .
why you give a thing important to old woman ?
the first thing i remembered was the glow .
khavi would point out an occasional thing to me .
khavi looked as i felt , nervous and out of place surrounded by such things , but tzala did not .
you know , there s still another thing i do nt understand .
he knew she needed them right now it was hard to hide things from each other when you lived in such a small place .
he was good - looking , for one thing ; he was the blond beach - boy type that she went for , and he was nice , and he tipped big .
in the morning , marco could find no trace of a dog in the shed and maria never thought another thing about it .
was candace just temptation and lydia the real thing ?
and he does nt know a thing !
you just sit up there and watch , waiting until the right moment when he s in danger , and he does nt know a thing about what s going on around him , and then you swoop in !
they wo nt miss a thing .
not a thing to see in the grayness until finally , after a long time , they emerged on the other side , into a world they had never seen before .
that is the first thing i want to ask .
jawen was looking up at him , her big blue eyes riveted upon his face with such hope in them that he did not want to disappoint her by offering her some measly little thing , some token that did nt mean anything to either one of them .
iibala had been in plenty of girl fights before , against the fiances and wives of some of her past lovers , but jawen had watched some of these fights from a distance and had learned a thing or two .
i do nt think i look a thing like him , but now i wonder .
you do nt know the first thing about jawen !
it was important that i did n't miss a thing though .
the only thing they knew was that it had some secret meaning , which only he understood , and that he hated his right name with ardor .
' i feel as though i have been shaken from the midst of a troubling dream , yet i can not remember a thing of it .
it was the only thing lagusta wanted from the ancient house after her body had healed enough to travel .
someplace nice ... someplace where popular opinion do n't mean a damn thing .
physical aggression is the only thing they understand , brecker commented .
i will take you to a safe place where you and shimmer can rest ; there i can explain things to you further .
the horse had nt missed a thing , learning everything keebo had said through echo .
its the most beautiful thing you ve ever given me .
jiggers makes the point how foolish people are to put their faith in false magic instead of the real thing .
just as with the whole escape route through the park thing , i had also prepared financially for this inevitable run .
if you punch them , unless you can hit hard enough to break through kevlar , they wo n't feel a thing .
visibility was nonexistent and he could n't hear a thing .
she placed her hands in her lap and said , ` ` then by all means , continue - inform me of this one thing . ''
the first thing that met me was a blistering , cold gust of wind .
good luck trying to get any reception ; i imagine the only thing you 're going to hear when you open up that is the chatter of demons and lost souls , granny crossed her arms .
i knew a thing or two about magic .
now it was the only thing within my grasp .
it afforded you one thing ; time to think .
but then i do n't know a thing about farming . ''
despite this , things began falling into place .
she sobbed , ` ` i do n't know why this is happening to us , '' and crossing her face with her hands , moaned in distress , ` ` because i love that man so much like the time i asked him if he wanted me to cook and darn his socks and he said just darn them or if he wanted me to have children after forty and he said no forty kids would be plenty and he was so erudite about things like how some people drink coffee out of cups while others drink tea out of doors ... '' duz she ever stop fer breath ?
jake held on to a small thing chris had mentioned .
another thing was missing .
but one thing i might know is that money was never made from answering foolish questions when i have a deadline to meet .
grimey , however , noticed not a thing .
i ' m sure you know as well as i there 's no such thing as a safe road .
perception is a powerful thing . ''
she still could n't remember a damned thing about the events leading up to her moment of public ridicule .
well , that s quite a thing you ve stolen there .
you do nt know the first thing about it .
it is absolutely the most deliciously scandalous thing i have ever read .
dasens eyes locked on tethina , but the only thing he could see was layer upon layer of silk and lace .
teth had barely hidden her disgust when dasens witness revealed the thing she chided herself for not remembering his name ; he would be a good friend to have in liandrin .
i still do nt remember a thing about the ceremony .
you do nt know a damned thing , and the sooner you realize that , the better off you ll be .
this thing is like a rock you throw into a bush to flush a quail .
not a single thing had changed since they had left .
the second thing , jaret continued when he had decided that the first point was sufficiently made .
he flipped it around , but the only thing there to protect himself against was an impish giggle .
chained to the wall , there was not a thing jaret could do but stare longingly at the opening .
you have to believe me when i tell you that my hate for them is the only thing that allows me to rise each morning and the only thing that i dream of when i sleep at night .
the only thing i can tell you is that they existed and , before our great savior xionious valatarian , their powers were vast .
if garrett said that a thing was all right , then it probably was .
a good sign , that ; if garrett was so wrapped up in his thoughts of that little slut kaylie that he did nt even notice what he had been called on by the gods to notice , then a trifling thing like a word of power planted in the center of his mind would go unnoticed as well .
for the first time in his life he could not feel a thing .
` ` and this reincarnation thing ? ''
it has got to be a reference to that poem , but i do n't know the whole thing . ''
` ` there are lots of things in this world i ' ve learned a thing or two about in my time .
the only thing missing that they expected were portraits of long - dead ancestors .
the last thing i remember is thinking about my dear , sweet husband and how i d never see him again .
the elders spies in the land of the dead had kept him well informed , though the one thing they could nt tell him was why the guardian of the dead waited so long .
you re not getting a damn thing from either of us .
he still can not see a thing .
the last thing i see is his face disappearing in a pile of limbs as he sinks out of sight .
it puzzled ardoh how a person like king dramon was capable of feeling such a thing as love .
all things that had puzzled her fell in place .
the only thing he saw in those brief moments was the dark surface of the ocean as rain fell upon it .
faith is a powerful thing , gabe remarked as though reading jasons thoughts .
there was only one thing that surprised me .
and you think you understand this thing ?
i wonder , could i trouble you for one more thing .
unlike him , i could nt bury myself in a book after the most important thing in my life had been stripped from me .
he would nt be able to do a damn thing to stop you , she finished as she straddled his hips , leaning over him and letting her large breasts fall towards his face beneath that stunning red dress .
she tried to remember how she ended up here , but the last thing she remembered was her hiking to odinseat , then the vik men on the mountainside , thennothing .
she listened to see if she could hear him , or anyone , but the only thing she heard was the whistling sound the wind made as it came in through the angular cracks in the shutters .
if i did , you could not have the opportunity to fulfill your destiny and that is the most important thing i can provide for you .
she just hoped an innocent patient did nt make a wrong move ; her nerves were frayed to the point she felt like she might snap at the least little thing .
the first thing he saw was an abbey looming up out of the mist .
it is a thing understood .
and would it not be a desirable thing to have an understanding of all the countries of the world and the secrets they contain ?
there was no thing that could be said to lessen his grief until the others came , offering words of solace and manly comfort and he knew immediately that these were the men he had been waiting for .
when the greater portion of the work had been done , the brothers dispersed , to discourse on their learning to other parts of the world in the hope of small successes and to learn like the adepts of old , some new thing that might be helpful , for the betterment of all .
i 'd think a little thing like the ability to change gender would be at the top of herhisher list .
i wanted to ask him how many women had lovers to get back at , at least as much as i did , but i thought the answer would probably make me so depressed that i 'd give up on the whole genie thing altogether , and just seek out another round of ben & jerry 's expert treatment .
that was n't the thing i 'd forgotten , but i remembered another note , one for the costume designer .
i suspected that he wanted to get our stories straight on the lead pipe thing , to make sure that there was n't anything else i was supposed to have told him .
knowing my love of all things coffee , he tracked down a pound of kopi luwak , coffee beans that were , as the packaging discreetly read , ` ` the world 's rarest coffee beverage . ''
he had to be even more exhausted than i was , poor thing .
the last thing he remembered was edward , the feeling of the sword slicing into his chest .
alex , the real alex , did nt know the first thing about ships or the ocean .
i thought the only thing i had was the sea .
very rarely did you ever get to keep the whole thing , but jeff did nt seem the type that would be declaring his finds to anybodys government in any event .
this reincarnation thing they were all talking about was very strange , but maybe he could make some sense out of it .
the birds that had been chattering in the trees fell silent and the only thing she could hear was her heart beating and the sound of her own swallowing , so loud that everyone must hear it .
the next thing she was aware of was the excruciating pain in her jaw .
the fire starting thing really scares me , but i need to practice that so i can control it .
nate kissed me on the lips and i did nt feel a thing .
the last thing i remember about talitha is teaching her to ride a bike .
maybe the american boys could learn a thing or two from them .
talli , being friends was the farthest thing from his mind .
the row over prometheus giving mankind fire never approached the likes of the turmoil this new immortality thing generated .
and besides , the sunlight thing .
she was a little thing , skin and bones .
she was a cute little thing , gorgeous girl even younger than herself .
but the sharing - his - blood thing bothers me .
` ` but here 's the crucial thing that has been unknown until recently .
` ` strange thing is , they do n't have the answer to this vampire thing either .
of course i mean the blowing - up - our - house thing !
both monarchs perished on the same afternoon , lying side by side in the same room , leaving behind the one thing both cherished above all .
went crazy over them because they held the one thing which giants admired most ; information .
she understood more fully the reason for the forbidden ; love was indeed a troubling thing .
meara said shell return to ortaria as soon as possible , and shell bring with her more wizards to teach those zyranians a thing or two .
i tried to hold it in , but it was pointless , the beer was coming back and there was nt a damn thing i could do to stop it .
the last thing she could remember was hearing the turn of the handle and the creak of the door to her room as it began to open .
she whirled round to see the form , its violet eyes still the only thing indicating its presence at all , closing in on her .
this is quite a magnificent thing .
but , as henry had truly said to him , not in the wildest freak of his imagination could he conceive of any thing near the terrible strangeness and horror of that which he had to tell him , and consequently he found himself closeted with henry in a small private room , removed from the domestic part of the hall , to the full in as bewildered a state as he had been from the first .
it has not become a thing of fact .
i enclose you dr . johnsons definition of a vampyre , which is as follows : vampyre ( a german blood - sucker ) by which you perceive how many vampyres , from time immemorial , must have been well entertained at the expense of john bull , at the court of st . james , where no thing hardly is to be met with but german blood - suckers .
but when vermund had thought thereover , what thing he should ask of the earl , it came into his mind that his ways would be greatly furthered in iceland if he had such followers as those bareserks were ; and settled in his mind that he would pray the earl to give him the bareserks for his following ; and this urged him to ask for them , that he deemed that his brother stir lay heavy on his fortune , and dealt unjustly with him as with most others when he could bring his strength to bear on him .
the victim had been seen alive considerably after midnightthe dawn revealed the unutterable thing .
the one thing he was certain of , the one thing that was always a part of his lives , of all his memories , was the sword .
neither one of us knows a thing about me , either .
i guess we do nt want to completely dismiss or abandon whatever this thing is that calls to our very souls without trying to discover what it is .
we hardly know a thing about the beasts , but he has a young one he has been trying to raise .
that s the very thing .
he said , well , for one thing , rosetta has been looking for a good chance to attack us .
i ca nt hear a damn thing except the horns signalling my imminent beheading .
but the demon had learned a thing or two about taking bolts of energy to the face ; it skipped a step to the side and the fizzing energy missed , exploding instead a section of marble floor .
her tone reflected no such thing , but it was amazing to even hear the words emerge from her mouth .
it becomes a thing you just come to accept after a while .
i did nt know back then the first thing about demons and magic , but what i did know was that a little girl seemed to be living in my closet .
in that moment she was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen .
the next thing that became comprehensible was voices ; distant and talking in gibberish .
magic was a wonderful thing .
it was the most magnificent thing i had ever tasted .
the thing i do nt understand is : why .
i had seized ezequadors throne and there was nt a damn thing joelnaq could do to stop me .
baelock likes the answer ; his apprentice has learned a thing or two from the old spore who lives in the forest .
well , see , here 's the thing 12 .
at last deciding it had to be real , because it explained so many things in his own world , things that all led to the edge of darkness , a book seemingly the root of all evil .
the next thing he remembered was being expelled in mid air from the hellish factory , his mind screaming , nibbs did nt have to die !
uwee sneered at her , and said , pushy little thing , is nt she ?
tonight , korkungal , before we sleep , i will show you another thing belonging to this people that will amaze you .
your wisdom is made up of much brain - spinning and fine words and it is a pleasant thing to hear on a winters night , when our enemies are vanquished or far away .
an entire shoulder joint pulled apart and he does nt care a thing for it .
` ` i follow you to ask of you a thing to which i have no answer . ''
the very thing in prcis .
they never wanted to learn a thing from me either , so you might say i ve had my practice .
he had bandaged knees , sneaked sweets , and secretly taught her things about india that even her father did nt know .
i did nt remember a thing .
being that these people were predators worried about their territory , and i knew a thing or two about that since i was an avid fan of the discovery channel , i figured that this fight was the equivalent of one lion trying to kill the other lion and claim its mark .
it was a dark and barren and disgusting place , with debris scattered in fetid water , and the only thing of note a smashed boiler .
if we 're compelled to do without without our favorite nuts and grapes , we 'll take such things in stride !
` ` i think , '' the ape remarked , ` ` that kind of lore might be the very thing we 're looking for .
i used to have a book i tried to bring from home , explaining just that sort of thing .
the only thing you lack is confidence !
when i was first appointed scribe , we found a muddy swamp where water snakes abound ; but that 's about the closest thing we know to lakes and seas existing long ago -- or so some records say .
it was to be the most magical year of his life , the year a well ran dry inside him and he felt a lake filling up in its place ; the year his childhood left but he was not yet sure of a thing called manhood ; the year every sense of his was unlocked , and the world recreated itself daily before him .
the only thing he left out was his work with dieter on breaking the spell .
dieter was right in that the only thing merlin knew about the germans was what the germans told him .
wilhelmina , my darling , i know far too well what you re capable of crossing you is the farthest thing from my mind .
how do i know you re not trying to trick me , you pretty little thing ?
food was the furthest thing from her mind as she tried to ignore the growing pain .
the only thing they did nt have to bring was water ; the keep had a cistern built into it , to catch rainwater , and it was still full enough to sustain a few people for a few days .
back then the prospect had seemed glorious , but it was ten years since , and they d both learned a thing or two .
but love is a funny thing .
master coalridge thought i d best shut my hole until i learned a thing or two .
but they were the furthest thing from his mind .
far be it for me to look a gift horse in the mouth but what about the fiery phaedra thing ?
the first thing in my recollections is the cliff and that is all .
i spread my arms out and was ready to show everybody that i would nt feel a thing when i hit the ground .
if you re used to it you wo nt notice a thing .
you have nt told me a thing .
they did nt hear a thing .
i mean not a thing , not even an oil stain on the drive .
ellie did n't know the first thing about architecture , but they were all in a style that screamed of the past .
they learn their place in our society , while the daughters are taught ... other things . ''
therapy with ruth was a thing of the past .
` ` and yet loyalty is such a fragile thing .
replacing them was a conviction that these were not the words of a mere shepherd boy , but , rather , the feeling that god himself had just spoken , and the residue of his abiding power , his enduring faithfulness , a thing which many in this tent had lost sight of , was resting upon and resounding within every word uttered !
` ` the second important thing for you to understand is that this king , king david , is himself , in very deed , a foreshadowing of messiah .
with great deliberation , absalom , prince of the house of david , held up first his right hand and then his left - his right hand representing his father and his left , the kingdom , a thing he coveted with inexpressible desire .
pain of the heart is a thing hard to alleviate , and often it tears at the deepest fabric of one 's being , leaving its deep scars of havoc and devastation which , in turn , threaten to cripple the soul !
` ` it is not for me to disclose the nature of this thing now , but when it comes to pass you will understand that only a true prophet could have known it before hand , and this will assure you that my message is true . ''
and why had god not revealed this thing to him , so that he could have spoken a rebuke from him ?
the teaching of messiah was never a thing meant to be taken literally !
another is a vivid and complex imagination , a thing that bridges our mind with things spiritual and serves to give us a glimpse of things which may not be visible but which are , nonetheless , real .
imagination is a thing almost outside our own being .
there s no such thing as a magical potion to lose weight .
but we do nt know the first thing about being a witch , argued kala .
kala and i are new to all of this and do nt know the first thing about witchcraft .
he ripped at his mask and i smiled ; he could nt see a thing because i had covered his eyes with foam .
you re not entitled to a damned thing .
he played it cool , too damned cool , not looking away but not registering a thing until he kicked his old , brown cowboy boot into the dusty ground .
could nt remember a damned thing .
so now we ve got four people who got the holy hell beat out of them and they do nt remember a thing about it .
i doubt they would have made this move if they were nt prepared to follow up with additional attacks , and frankly , we still do nt know a damned thing about them .
` ` ans father asked me to teach the boys a few thing about sailing , and i m guessing the fears the currents will bestow upon them will engrave the lessons i teach . ''
and after all my years living with him i have nt noticed a thing ?
he was losing patience with this whole emunio concutio thing .
it 's a bit of a long shot , i know , because the only other thing we know about him is that he 's apparently looking for something , and has been for quite some time , apparently- ' dosodall stopped .
the only thing he treasures is extreme violence . '
it 's the first thing most soldiers learn in basic training .
' he means giving up on this outlaw malarkey and , you know , taking up an honest trade , that sort of thing . '
but a soul was a powerful thing to own , even from a degenerate like this human .
you have to admit , you re quite a tiny little thing .
maybe she can teach you a thing or two , '' i said laughing as ian threw a stick in my direction .
she was a little sprite of a thing .
i m not ready for the 2.5 kids yet and i m not sold on the whole picket fence thing , '' i sighed .
things like fine foods , perfumes , oils ... art that i never really appreciated when i was a young soldier .
i just ca n't do a damned thing about them . ''
up until the other day , the only thing i knew of them were the stories that my men had brought back from their patrols .
he looked at her , ` ` that 's the thing that i do not understand .
i know its such a ridiculously incredible thing to ask for , but the illuminator stopped him with the simple raising of a hand .
we do nt know the first thing about traveling through this country , and he s a bird !
she knew many things about the forest that the other gods did not know , and she kept these secrets to herself because she knew that she could not share these secrets with them without spoiling something perfect .
hope , the cruelest thing of all , how he despised it in that moment .
he reminded himself , as he stoked the fire with the dried bundles of grasses that always burned so fitfully , with an abundance of black smoke that rose through the churchs small chimney , that the faerie child was not human , and could not be said to feel the same things as a human child .
the inside of the fruit was seedless and ripe , and it was the most amazing thing he d ever tasted .
there he discovered another new thing in the wooda dense thicket of thorn bushes tall and wide enough to form a barrier to any further passage .
several long weeks stretched between a drowsy afternoon in the palace gardens and the wedding itself and purity was not a thing to be trifled with ; no , not with all that rested on her keeping whatever remained of her poor mangled mark .
the next thing i remember was waking up in a town square with the sun beating down on me .
if father had died that day , the locket would have been the most distant thing in my mind .
let me guess , the whole mating thing came up again ?
it means , my family may not like it , but there s not a damn thing they can do about it .
have nt been introduced yet , and it does nt change a thing .
i know its not the way your pack does things , but asi was telling me the other day that other lesser packs actually allow it , more as a rite of passage before bonding type thing .
considering i was sitting in a cage , god knows where , with a bullet hole in me , i did nt think guilt was a thing he was familiar with .
it seemed a tenuous relationship at best , her very existence tied to such a small thing as the beliefs of men .
she did indeed like this place and had no fear of dwelling here , but that was not the same thing as wishing to be here soon .
all manner of myths and legends had elements of magic in them , but she had always believed that such a thing had been lost , if it had ever existed at all .
not heard a thing .
the first thing was a mental link to mercy .
i give you this thing you want , and i can either retire from the field in all good faith and no one will come assassinate me .
it was too intimate a thing to be shared between strangers .
the woman laughed , though it was a brittle , sharp edged thing that cut the air between us .
though space on the rack was a highly coveted thing , they gave her room happily enough .
he searched me with a masters skill and nearly found it all ; a single thing was hid too well that i will soon recall .
the first thing i requested was a bath and something to sleep in .
again , it was a thing unquestioned by both the high - chief and his men .
incredibly , i was now aware that the basis of these things was n't fantasy at all but as much a reality and way of life in another place as electricity is on earth .
i discovered i was famished , not having eaten a thing since late yesterday afternoon .
magic still seems like an elusive thing , something intangible and out of reach .
a sexy sassy little thing .
for now you wait here and do n't do a damn thing , you wait right here .
` ` goddam , '' he said , ` ` i ca n't see a fucking thing .
i started teaching her little things like how to punch , and the right places to get the maximum damage or a certain outcome .
love is a fragile thing , carrie .
she could n't see a thing in the dark .
when he turned to her , she said , ` ` would you mind explaining that whole brickin ' thing to me now ? ''
` ` you ' ve been there , tricked into visiting the lore , and you even learned a thing or two about that alien place .
while mac got two pears from the icebox and offered one to jane , he mentioned the last things kate and brody had given to him .
she wo nt feel a thing .
well , for one thing , it will cast doubt on your testimony , she said .
i will show you all those things , and more , my sweet keira .
yet he showed not even a twitch to suggest he felt a thing .
i need it from the one person i ve met with a boundless soul and its the only thing i can not ask for now .
thank you for the food , but i need one more thing ... what is it ?
and it did nt mean a damn thing .
one of them spoke , his voice more of a fading echo than the real thing .
but you must believe me , if only on one thing .
her face was the most gentle thing he had ever seen .
' you do not know the slightest thing about battle .
she was also still pretty miffed about the whole knife thing and had nt quite forgiven him yet .
tween him and darius , not a thing can go wrong with you all .
we do not have such a thing as magic here .
wanes a tricky little thing .
the perfection thing was revlons words , not mine .
you seem to know everything about the witches and witch hunters , and i do n't know a thing .
to lose him to such a thing as a broken leg he made a warding sign against evil and shook the thought away .
mursili liked him , and that was a thing he d never expected to think of a royal , of any city .
one thing that had piqued nestors interest was a man antenor visited , a hittite he thought , ensconced in a converted house near the wall that seemed to be some kind of forge .
but they were the closest thing she had to friends .
he would want to know everything about her dreams , but they were her secret , the only thing she could keep from him , the only power she could have over him .
she would be punished ; he dragged her to her feet by her hair , his fury a thing of ice and snow , white lips , huge eyes , and she knew he was finally close to losing his calm faade .
we have heard that tale several times and it is the only thing that makes any sense .
last time i saw him he was barely born , a sweet little thing with the most beautiful curls , and such clear blue eyes !
you offer me that which i can not accept , but it is the lesser thing .
he makes interesting devices to amuse ladies , jewellery boxes which play a tune and writing desks with hidden compartments , that sort of thing .
sir , there is one thing that i would have above all else , but i do not think it is yours to give me .
curiosity can be ... a difficult thing to ignore .
after six months of lessons she had nt learned a blessed thing except that she wanted into her tutors breeches .
the thing that had been nagging her at the back of her brain since kae had talked to phillip and she had experienced the curious sense of deja vu .
oh , and the bull 's mind is completely bent on staying alive , and never thinks nor speaks about any thing else . ''
the other thing i wanted to show you was our birds abilities .
it was nt there , which made me feel less creepy about the whole bird stalking thing .
` ` no such thing as magic ?
keep it until the end of our journey and then you tell me there 's no such thing as magic . ''
the only fashionable thing of the sword was the hilt .
lucky for us , her father has sleep apnea and between his sleep machine and her mothers earplugs , madelyns parents did nt hear a thing .
but i do nt feel a thing .
that is the most absurd thing i have ever heard of .
they did nt feel a thing .
modern man is a label he places on himself to define his present flawed understanding of things .
he had nt eaten a thing .
why should i do anything for anyone else , when no one does a thing for me ?
well , she always was a greedy little thing , but you would have thought that breeding would have given her some sense , but no !
i studied a thing or two about it during my primary training in sorcery .
the sacred order would never survive and peter could nt do a thing about it .
he was moving the fork things in my hands , spinning them , and i could feel the weight thing he was talking about .
the next thing that came into my view was a tiled floor with small patterns on them .
the real thing 14 .
that s the kind of thing artists discuss all the time , father .
do nt work with me , of course , cause i slap back , but a little , young thing like you , you ca nt do that .
gita , you bloodthirsty little thing !
one of the biggest pains we gods have is this whole freewill thing .
* * * you know this thing i keep saying were missing , cracky said to theo , as they lay behind one of the massive stones in the circle of wind , keeping a watchful eye on the entrance to the cheese mine of hairy growler .
but she does nt want to hold out a false hope , when its taken her this long , when its this thin and flimsy a thing .
as i close my eyes , i try to recall if i have read about this oracle thing in any of the historical records my father has let me read .
you do nt know a thing about the lives of the protectors .
we risk it because somewhere in our subconscious mind we know that a much precious thing is at stake , even if it is simple friendship .
now the only thing i see is snow .
neal subtly rolls his eyes , annoyed that i am picking at such a thing .
about the partner thing i mean .
the only thing that ill be facing in these two hours will be scalding berating frommy father .
with that revelation i recall my early curious years where i had learned a thing or two about our occultists .
something important had to be happening with meredith specifically ; it seemed like the only thing that made sense .
when she did nt , he asked , so if we have the same thing , why are nt you still in the hospital ?
she hoped that by delaying their conversation she could use the time to think of an alternate plan , having no intention of telling nate dowering a thing .
i ve lived in many places , and learned many things .
she wo nt remember a thing .
this time the picture did nt do a thing .
dreamers eyes became the only things she could see , dark green whirlpools glittering in a void of darkness .
she can listen , but she ca nt see a thing .
pandora scowled at her , saying you do nt know a thing .
stress comes with the slightest thing .
trust me , dreamer did nt say a thing all those years back .
he could nt hear a thing over the sizzling of the frying pan .
did nt do a thing , said ben breezily .
matthew , your father left you a ton of money and did nt leave eric or joshua a thing .
my gun was in my inside pocket of my hoodie , which was so baggy you could nt see a thing .
you ca nt say it was me , you do nt know a thing !
he s the sweetest little thing , too .
ron was on the computer , pretending he could nt hear a thing .
the only thing she had left now is some pictures , which are in a box which shell never open .
baked beans was the first thing she ate , by accident .
i m not telling her a thing .
i glanced back at brown , not regretting a thing .
i mean , she s really pretty and all , but the whole magic thing just smacks it !
* * * the only thing that i softened up totally on was the thought of colette gibson .
josephine knew psychokinetic spells were extremely difficult and she probably had nt done a thing but it had been fun to try .
i knew there was one thing missing from my plan but i was n't sure what it was .
you are the cutest little thing .
the last thing you were expecting was a summons to see the king the words flowed like magic .
the nameless mates , went the fable , owing their namelessness to the atrocity they had committed , were deniers but unlike their wicked kind , instead of repenting for their evil ways and begging for a merciful death , they had shown the most flagrant contempt for the laws of lurien , pridefully declaring they would never become mates or makers , because they were something altogether different ( a thing there was no word for ) , and were bound to each other with unbreakable bonds of a feeling , also bereft of a word , which forbade them to let their substances unite .
there was , however , a thing he would nt need to tell her , for it affected both of them at once , while the crowd dispersed as quickly as possible : the sages voice , cutting like a blade into their horror , to speak five ominous words .
not that i recall ; it may be a thing concerning only makers , like end spots .
the old fart could nt hear a thing if it were chiseled right onto his big ugly ears !
and this he pursued most deviously , aided by the inheritance of the widow , whose passing he had hastened with arduous lovemaking combined with goose - like fattening ; first he found an elderly scribe drowning in debt from a life of dissolution , and paid him to forge a document by which the king appointed him successor to the high servant ; then , after king fazen had unknowingly placed him in this eminent post , provoking the low - ranking servants justified wrath , veig unleashed a pest of discord , suspicion and outright hatred in the spirit home , by slandering , bribing and threatening various servants , all the while making himself the high servants pet with shows of gratitude and servility such as personally preparing the old mans elaborate meals and mulling his wine with strong spices , whose flavour covered the acrid taste of the powdered mushrooms with which he was slowly but steadily poisoning him ( at least his humble past on his fathers side had taught him a thing or two ) .
after he d shaken the thick dust off his face and hair , yonfi pricked up his ears , but the only thing he could hear in the murky silence was the sound of his own excited heart .
so yern , who knew a thing or two about prideful spirit servants and felt hugely grateful that they had nt been ambushed and killed by the scavengers , went down on his knees , kissed the muddy hem of the mans cape , and said their names , adding that they were on their way to the castle .
and though when she began to talk yodren could nt comprehend a thing , with every passing moment , to his astonishment , he was making out more and more words , a feeling he had last experienced at twelve , when he d suddenly realized he possessed the gift of reading and writing .
even more incredible , though , was the fact that this piteous creature spoke in a tongue which , for all its strangeness , was utterly familiar to yodren : the divine language ; a thing which took him completely aback , for up until now he had only encountered it in writing , and to hear it spoken , the words as mercurial as those of the ancient texts and prophecies , was nothing short of a marvel .
she had nt dared to call it love , although shed been instantly drawn to the boy , because love was nt the thing defining lurien nor the relations of its dwellers .
and there was something more , gallan was sure of it , a secret , tangible thing obtained during her absence and concealed on her person , yet for all his probing raddias mind would nt yield its identity ) .
a bossy little thing , he loved her .
dan realized how little he knew about thisperson ... of course , he did nt know the first thing about him .
but by the time that happened , they would be fast asleep and not feel a thing .
there s really such a thing as goose heaven ?
let me tell you , master yavn , there is such a thing as honour still to be found among the sovereignty .
then it seems we have a thing in common , master ifferon .
a tangent is a hard thing to shake , but lets do so now .
love is the only thing that matters here , for it is the only thing that can unite the divided , and if the love between you and herrdon is fading , then who am i to try to fan that flame ?
gold is not a thing those barbarians know of .
the only clear thing that ifferon could tell was that he was gaunt in feature , for his dark eyes peered out from deep depressions in his face , and he looked as though he might collapse of frailty there and then , or , worse yet , might carry some disease that might strike frailty and death into them all .
how we fail to appreciate so simple a thing , ifferon said after a time .
may your second chance be available should you desire it * * * * * * * acknowledgments my sincere thanks and appreciation for those wonderful souls who have encouraged and supported me over the years , including ( but certainly not limited to ) my family , lori , jessica , crystal , jimmy , victoria , my lovely and stalwart publicist vicki rose stewart , my amazing jaz - a - holics team , my accomplished editor lea ellen , my expert in all things fonts and graphics brandon , and my kind team of beta readers .
this continued for the next few weeks , pippa ignoring him and eating off of paper plates , drinking from her only remaining coffee mug , while he tried to think of new things to taunt her with .
they have similar variations of skin and hair color , facial features , follicle textures , that kind of thing . ''
` ` and so there 's such a thing as reincarnation ? ''
oh , some folks might get close to it with channeling , hypnosis , that sort of thing , but to be honest with you , i ' m not sure how reliable most of that is .
but in a little while things start seeping through and a year , thereabouts , down the road , it just starts pouring in , and first thing you know you remember you were one of the pharaoh 's handmaidens ! ''
` ` anyway , '' i said , ` ` storks bringing babies - why , that 's the silliest thing i ' ve ever heard ! ''
could n't remember a blessed thing about his other lives .
` ` no such thing as evil , really , '' he said .
lot 's of things are plain as day when you 're one place , absolutely invisible when you 're somewhere else .
i am lying on my back , so the first thing i see is a white ceiling , and the source of all things bright ; a fluorescent strip light .
i d unravel the whole damn thing with my luck .
then do nt go and make accusations about things you do nt know the first thing about .
it would nt look very professional for me to be meeting with the family of the victims and not know the first thing about them .
he did nt stop erin from trying to look inside , but she could see little for the dark and the only thing she could smell was the strong cleaner they had apparently washed the whole building down with .
he did nt feel a thing .
where would you even see that kind of thing ?
conrad opened his mouth to reply that he absolutely did not have the thing that was going to get them both killed , but somewhere between breathing and speaking an entirely unfamiliar voice doing equally unfamiliar things to his vowels erupted instead .
which he was almost grateful for , but knowing gods , it could mean something else entirely and , oh yeah , speaking of which , the whole history - professor - sent - to - kidnap - him thing .
up here , perfectly ordinary security guards loomed unobtrusively from the edges of the building , probably all trained in the perfect headshot , so good thing loki had used the force on them with the whole we do not exist , what is in your left pocket thing because otherwise they d be in a mess of trouble .
she wo n't suspect a thing .
this doom stone shard encased in a melted vis - vereth is a curious thing , i do n't know how gha'haram did such a thing .
the last thing he saw as he fell back into the arms of his men were dark tide rebels pouring down the steps of the rise .
rumbleflin sat up in his bed and said , i do nt believe there s any such thing as no matter .
no , i ' m not fine , i ' m the farthest thing from fine . ''
ah , but artistry is a wonderful thing , dommaris mused .
immediately he ran to find joseph , though joseph had neither seen nor heard a thing from the time they left the beach .
sorry , i am sure i would have known , though you know , the whole memory loss thing .
it is a thing i know much of , and as a buddhist , a thing i can not tolerate .
corporate war the mumbledy - peg thing freaked everybody out , every time .
the one you need will be the next thing you find .
just a little thing i whipped up on my lunch break .
the thing you lack is the view of lifetimes .
is that the complicated thing you were referring to earlier ?
she was a tiny thing and she barely looked twenty - three years old .
the first thing you have to understand is that my childhood was terrible .
i thought hard , trying to recall if he had ever mentioned or hinted at such a thing .
i do nt have to tell victor every little thing he asks about , only the important , need to know stuff .
the whole grabbing vanessa thing is nt really the problem i m having right now , after all , you were cleared of all charges on the matter .
so that was the next thing i researched .
i tiredly blinked open my eyes but i could nt see a thing .
not a thing , said ward as he stood up and turned to face the rear of the uncovered wagon , cautiously balancing himself on the teetering bench .
you re the closest thing i have to a brother , said dessidus .
she does not know a thing about us or any of our lives .
there was nt a thing left , other than the rocket and decorations i added .
momma has taught me many things , but the one thing she has taught me well was how to run a successful company .
momma has taught me many things , but the one thing she has taught me well was how to run a successful company .
i do nt love you because of this soul - bond thing .
since liam has told me about the bond thing , i have taken comfort in the pain .
ill let your mother know , do nt worry about a thing .
i decided that while there is a calm before the expected storm , i would speak to liam about the soul - bond thing .
and of course , the poor thing was none other than a princess , so imperiled by some unknown enemy that her raising must be done in the most humble and secret of circumstances .
the old servant climbed into his saddle and replied as they trotted out of the stableyard , i fear it is a thing one either has or has not , it can not be taught .
well spoken , said the frosty queen , you may know that she is well , at least she has a place , a duty , and that which she needs for daily life , but as to such things as joy , happiness , contentment , and the like , that i doubt she shall ever know or find amongst us .
i was taken from that place and brought here where i learned many things .
it is an emptiness in the landscape , but it has not removed a thing from my life .
that s a god - ish thing to know .
the ceiling , on the other hand , was the closest thing stenn had seen to a blue sky in a long while .
there was probably something more legible there before , but the only thing that remained was fre -- -- k of har -- -on .
she released me from the hug and grabbed my wrist , come on bentheres one more thing i want to show you before the day ends !
eventually , ben broke the silence with the golden question , sowhat was that whole thing about ari ?
i do n't remember a thing after that . ''
i want to show you one more thing ! ''
that means you 're learning a thing or two from me ... '' my cheeks burned with frustration .
belle : it 's a monkey 's paw sort of thing , or a genie 's wish .
guys got together and talked about literature and philosophy and all that kind of thing . ''
at which time , agnes suddenly came to her senses and declared that she could nt remember a thing .
the only thing you have to fear , brenda , i said to myself , rising to my feet , is fear itself !
we do nt want a big wedding have this thing about churches .
the whole jewish , christian , muslim thing is nothing more than a glorified lie !
my mind seemed to have gone into some quiet , black place where i could nt see a thing .
how could i be floating in the air 100 feet over everyones head , and take hit after hit of every wizard spell those monk guys down there could throw at me , and not feel a thing !
i worked for every little thing i have .
it was the most interesting thing in averieom , and therefore it was where she wanted to be .
i had learned then that this whole love thing is merely a false charade .
now let us look at how we can recoup this amount , i think it is at least going to cost them 500 rupees per plate in the wedding , so five plates is 2500 , then we can also eat that much in the shagun ceremony too , so 2500 plus 2500 .. 5000 , and they gave us those sweets when they came to invite us , 500 for that .. then what were those two others things .. vang .. something ?
kamal accompanied them during the early part of this excursion before he excused himself for some work , after which it was just raghuvir and mr . rai , with the latter leading the former through various sections of the premises , while he gave a detailed exposition of many things related to the history and geography of the place .
it was a little thing , a paltry responsibility compared to what kyrie believed was his true purpose .
see , i have to read fifty - year old books to figure out what my enemy is up to , because even when i ve got his protg in my room , pretending to be my ally , i ca nt learn a thing .
i still do nt know the first thing about destiny .
the last thing he heard was the click of the castrofax as it closed around his neck .
she was a pretty little thing , though a tad frail of health .
knows a thing or two about cooking , he does .
his conscious shot a hundred thoughts ; of robyn and the only thing he had left to give her , of his mother within screaming distance , of his father whose life he exchanged for this , of the possibility that axa succeeded , and of the carpet rushing up to slap him .
i did nt even know he was there , he crept right up and i did nt hear a damn thing .
the understanding came easily when i stopped chasing after itthe realization that humans have little purpose on the earth other than learning , and what greater thing was there to learn than the way out ?
we ca nt see a blamed thing now .
instead , she has visions of unrelated things enjoyed in a previous lifetime : yellow tulips , sledding in qubec , making love with richard in the honeymoon hotel room with pictures of soaring birds on the pale blue walls , the seine at sunrise , things that of course shed already lost .
shed lost her sea , a vast thing to lose .
for max all those violent nons ( just about the one thing he can understand in french ) can only mean that advocates come back for another try at talking louis and stein into getting maggie to screw them all out of this place .
for the one thing i do have ... is time .
no such thing as vampires either , teefa piped in putting her feet up on the table .
chivalry was a nebulous thing , subject to widely different interpretations .
moss 's will is not a simple , static thing .
well , you see , that 's the complicated thing about agendas , said greywind , having another nibble from his muffin .
the first thing they faced was a gatekeeper shouting directions at them .
perhaps fear was a real thing , but there was no need for it .
the boys sword is nt a physical thing , but a manifestation of his strengths and talents .
the man might have been a powerful beast tongue , but he did n't know the first thing about water prophecies .
i did n't tell him a thing , '' he assured .
the one thing i ' m struggling with as i learn new things about god from my father 's notes , which i feel are true teachings , is the fact that it points out clearly but mercifully that some of the things that many people believe are true are actually false .
the third thing that true doctrine of god provides is multiple testimonies or witnesses of his truths .
because god provides everything , the only thing that is nt his that he will never force us to give him is our willingness to follow him by our freely given obedience to his laws .
if you snow board regularly , know the brand names that are the best , read up on what s new and basically live and breathe the snow boarding lifestyle because you love it yet the only thing you know about the oil and gas industry is that it somehow is connected to the convenience store where you buy snow boarding magazines and gas for your car so you can catch the next fresh powder of snowfall then you might want to stay away from the oil and gas industry and look more closely at considering the industry you already love : that of winter recreational activities such as snow boarding and the industries related to it ( winter athletic apparel , snow boarding manufacturers , winter ski resorts etc ) .
but by learning what we need to about money and taking personal responsibility for our financial security and independence , poverty can be significantly reduced and eventually become a thing of the past .
so your point is my point is that what my mom had with miriam was the real thing , not the counterfeit .
and just to clarify , the real thing iswhat ?
` ` are you going to explain the income thing or are n't you ? ''
her own spirit was being strengthened by the holy spirit to see things more as god sees , to feel things more as god feels , and have strength beyond her natural abilities to do good and safely reach the tree .
` ` but here 's the thing you have to know before i show you some things . ''
it was a worrisome thing , but far from a crippling one .
the only thing i want out of my adventure here is the enjoyment of killing freely where no superheroes can stop me .
he liked blind loyalty , it had served him well once upon a time , but what he was searching for was unique , and empty minds could nt fathom such a thing .
it seems the only thing we have a great deal of is weaponry , captain juruz pointed out , having been appointed keeper of arms by the king himself not long after the battle of ebulon .
you might just learn a new thing regarding sheep .
but there was a thing he had not tried yet .
then his vision was consumed by red and the last thing he heard was a bewildering sound of power .
it should be laid with my son for it is the only thing left that he knew of that bounded him to me , to who he really was .
finally , they shook their heads and said the planet was not a safe place , and they did nt understand these things .
i m sorry , but i ca nt see a thing .
but there is one thing i hold on to .
after all , no matter how engrained a tradition or taboo , at the end of the day , power is the only thing people desire .
the only thing that truly matters is our connection to gaea , the spirit of life and light .
in fact , i do n't say a thing as i palpate my left hand , looking for any sign of injury .
he s the closest thing i have to a friend now that castor has abandoned me .
for now , i 'll act as if i do n't have a thing to hide .
yes , well , said the knight , it 's not really the same thing , is it ?
i know no such thing , snapped anea , what i do know is that i 'd like to wring that scrawny neck of yours .
bert , being the only other person in the pub ( other than lectrac ) who knew a thing or two about intellectual matters , had naturally gravitated towards lectrac .
this thing , this magic .
the reason does n't matter , said vletch , it 's a thing we find to justify what we want to do .
she looked at him saying , i do not understand what this thing is but i know it has something to do with the blue stone .
pheta flew higher , taking kahira into clouds of white mist where she could nt see a thing but clouds surrounding her .
this fred thing , whatever it is , you do nt know anything about it .
do nt hear a thing , he said to her , and mother just said , it takes longer than that .
and we let what we knew fester between us , this strange unspoken thing that was like a glacier moving between us , slow and silent .
maybe well learn a thing or two ourselves .
just one more curious thing to learn about you , i suppose .
she knows a lot of things , but she does nt know a damn thing about thunderbirds .
it is a very special thing , his father had said .
they will not suspect a thing .
we all have to face up to that one thing that calls to us , even if often it does nt make much logical sense to those around us , or even ourselves .
the one critical thing i m missing here is the context .
it did nt used to be this way that s the first thing you need to understand .
but i want the same thing from all of you .
the thing about suarez god , this is the thing about alvarado too , its like a theme is that what sticks in my mind is nt who he was , its how he died .
cassie found it interesting that talking about his demonic powers was the only thing that seemed to make him genuinely uncomfortable .
its the whole claim thing he had to prove that were bonded together , and now its this whole big legal issue '' whoa , whoa whoa , said mike , holding up his hands .
you mean that gold horse thing ?
one thing that asphodel and fero had found was a poem , seeming to refer to sauverns tomb and the sword .
the thing i hold most dear is this ring , given to me by davrael .
all those things only prove that my brother was in the area , but it does nt prove that he attacked you .
about the only thing raymond really knew about the alamos before the rap came was that they were an old retired couple from illinois who had a seriously hot granddaughter named lauren .
` ` there 's no such thing as blessings , '' raymond grumbled .
well we 're there all day and i ' m not catching a thing .
she stared at him , never having imagined he possessed such a thing as a sense of humor , but his eyes continued to dance while she floundered awkwardly for some way to regain control of the situation , said she at last , i suppose not , i was just trying to ... well anyway ... we had best get down to breakfast ere we are late .
until you can control yourself , even on the brink of death , you are dangerous to anyone who happens to be in the area at the time , and you might inadvertently reveal things the world need not know .
jace studied his boots , one seemingly determined to dig a place to hide his entire being , said he , no , you are not , but there are some things you can not know .
8 the pair returned swiftly to astoria and sought an audience with the lady first thing the next morning , dragging jared along in their wake , hoping their fearless captain knew how to handle the lady in such a circumstance .
the first thing he saw was the great beaky maw open above him and he struggled vainly against his bonds to be free of this new terror .
she was the closest thing to the concept of family he ever knew .
you never miss a thing , huh ?
its just that i could nt conceive such a thing , the old man continued , as if he had not heard .
well , its like asking someone something about which he does nt know a thing .
you really do nt know a thing about yourself , do you ?
it was one small thing to be grateful for .
the only thing i had to fear from ryan was a broken heart .
but that did nt change a thing .
the only thing the flower needed was the energy of the sun that the tribe considered pyramus to be .
your physical appearance is obvious without you having to say a thing .
there is no such thing as pure anything unless you take into account the entire universe as a singular thing .
the next thing i can recall is catching a glimpse of movement .
his formal education wo nt mean a thing to poppy bradwell .
its the oddest thing .
there s no such thing as an arm eeeekkkk , baby girl just an arm .
your husband wo nt feel a thing .
i get the other thing , i said , and now i repeated sophies question , and even though i was the younger of us , added a bit more colour , but what the hell was that ?
the last thing i remember before i fell asleep was its howl .
it was nt so inconsequential a thing to me as it was to my more , seasoned , partners .
and , there was nt a damn thing she , or anyone else could do about it .
ankh - sut is dead , but herocles knows that for immortals there is no such thing as permanent exit .
have nt we as immortals learned one important thing if nothing else thomas ?
the separate rooms thing though , is that an idea you want me to still consider ?
the other thing he thought he knew of whoever had dropped him off was this : that same night , two mysterious unknown persons had bought the village hospices entire stock of burn salve .
then i shall not say a thing .
its scary because its been happening for ten years , and father did nt know a thing .
you could pick up burning coal with them and not feel a thing .
she was a pretty thing in flowing green robes .
the last thing i remember is that a great big claw poked a hole in me .
only one thing sets us apart from helikan sheep , and that is that we seek communion with , not subservience to our gods .
his parents long nursed ambition was nt the only thing that startled him .
so that was the first thing he d look for in the newspapers mentions of fires around the dates of his falling ill and arriving at the orphanage .
flattery was a lovely thing .
` ` i do n't want a thing from this marriage .
` ` i do n't remember a thing after being blindfolded .
the skymaster might have been a powerful beast tongue , but he did n't know the first thing about water prophecy .
for one thing , they required water !
yes , replied kor , and she now seems in good health , although of course shed been mistreated , poor thing !
the eye never sees cold , but it begins to realize that there is such a thing .
well , that about covers mind exchange , assistant ; on to the next thing : kelosian monks are very good at invisibility .
the most precious thing , that is .
i already know the only thing that i really need to know : that the man standing here before me is the same man who took the vows of marriage with me , only yesterday , it seems .
your mind makes me into a person because that is the sort of thing it is familiar with .
it may be inappropriate , it may be unrequited , but love is always a beautiful thing .
a frightening thing , but necessary .
there s another thing , said ydnas .
true enough , said ytrinduopf , but one thing that is clear is , that matters are not clear .
that suggests the same thing .
you can insult the emperor up and down , and your guard wo nt do a thing .
for one thing , she did not wish to waste her time with zar on ranting ; for another , she knew that there was no limit to human insanity , and had known this for so long that it had lost most of its power to shock her .
i was going to save the world , establish peace , love , equality , justice , logic , civility , happiness , that sort of thing .
but there s one thing i still do nt understand , said kor .
well , he added , blushing , if there is such a thing as true character , i mean .
there s no such thing as free , replied serex .
well , actually , bork , he replied , its a curious thing .
he wo nt notice a thing .
i believe one thing that still baffles all of us is how the dark one seems to have gained the ability to be both a specter and material being .
but there is one thing that you still lack .
they wo nt remember a thing .
if you defeat the seer , i can be free , and that , at this moment , is the only thing that i want .
beoran has explained the whole thing to me .
i m here rightfully , and there s not a goddamn thing you can say to that , is there ?
for a nymph like me , who is a maniac of the roaming , being locked in jail is an unbearable thing .
as to the separator thing of a bosniak , what was it that , innocence ?
while i was drinking it , i felt the same thing what you say but that is weird : as if i felt things contrary to your sayings .
i m not a thing about science , in addition , i need a subject to speak now .
that s the first thing they teach us at the dsc .
he is not the typical writer , if there even is such a thing .
i will have to ask simon about the mind thing in dragon training when i get there later .
` ` ethan , darling , i ' ve told you time and again that the sidhe warriors are not doing a thing to attract our business away from us .
i held both her hands in mine while she stripped away a century of lies and stood before me a shining thing .
` ` but it would be the height of rudeness to ask such a thing .
i put a little emphasis on the i because i had thought of one thing i had that she might need .
i had a sudden image of his body rotted away and those teeth the only thing left untouched in his grave .
rhys is right on one thing .
i do n't have to do a thing to attract them except not shield well enough . ''
` ` he did , '' doyle said , and his voice reminded me of dark , thick , sweet things , like honeyed mead done nearly black .
taranis was still a shining thing , beautiful like a work of art , but he was not the kind of beauty that made my pulse race .
` ` so , because i want a thing too much , you would deny me , just for the wanting of it . ''
` ` this thing is so malignant that we 'll be able to get some police help . ''
` ` god , you 're a tiny thing .
` ` then do n't you dare presume to tell me how i ' m supposed to be acting or feeling or any fucking thing .
i could have simply said , ` ` magic , '' but the last time i 'd been with another sidhe had been griffin , and he had explained to me how my power was a lesser glow , a paltry thing .
off the top of my head , i could n't think of a single thing that only i could give her .
it was very small , and the only thing in it was a piece of black silk .
his hatred of me was an almost touchable thing .
i found my voice , ` ` trust me , frost , you have n't forgotten a thing . ''
i saw compassion there , but one thing i did n't see was anger .
` ` you mean the stories of our people appearing as dead warriors coming into the widows ' beds , that kind of thing . ''
the scars were the only thing that made you see past the artifice of youth and humor .
it was a thing of great artifice , amazing artistic achievement , but such things were for mortals .
the only thing that all the outfits had in common was weaponry .
he would not have had to learn of such a thing from rumor and gossip as i did .
i ' ve never sensed any such thing about her . ''
` ` i ' ve been learning this kind of thing , '' tavi replied .
` ` no such thing as a sure thing , '' spector said .
from his bewildered expression it was clear he had n't seen a thing .
` ` s'ow you a thing or two , you little son o ' a hnitch ! ''
jack could n't see a thing .
a man 's word , no matter how expensive it might be , is the only thing of any real worth a man can give .
she gave these ones gifts and asked for but one thing in return . '
' not that such a thing means anything to heathens , ' the djaalman muttered .
' the only thing missing by him , or the rest of them , not being here is a bunch of whining and probably some attempt at innuendo or something stupid like that . '
and i happen to know from the many , many times bagagame has told me hongwe 's watched me sleep that the only thing standing between my kidneys and a knife is a thin strip of leather and a wall of reeds .
and yet ... ' clarity is a wonderful thing .
' i dearly wish i possessed such a thing . '
it looked up at them , the only thing visible through the mess of wet straw being an angry , canine - bared snarl .
somehow the word ` ` her '' on the siren 's lips sounded a vulgar thing .
lenk cringed ; this seemed like the sort of thing he would regret asking .
` ` now there 's a fine thing , '' said sweeney to the room .
he became aware , in his dream , of his erection in real life , a rigid , pounding , monstrous thing as painful in its hardness as the erections he 'd had as a boy , when he was crashing into puberty .
i thought it was maybe like an x - files kinda thing , '' he says .
you are the only thing i have left , the only thing that is n't bleak and flat and gray .
she was the only thing here that was familiar to them , but still , they hesitated to approach her , remembering old battles .
i did n't hear a thing .
a sad , sad thing .
' the folk - tale is a good servant ' , chambers says , and does not perhaps realize the importance of the admission , made to save the face of homer and virgil ; for he continues : ' but a bad master : it has been allowed in beowulf to usurp the place of honour , and to drive into episodes and digressions the things which should be the main stuff of a well - conducted epic .
` ` but she ca n't know a thing about battles , temeraire , not like you , '' granby said .
the only thing i was certain of was that the weather would be hot .
and he did n't do a thing to you .
the only thing we shared was a multi - grade pe class .
` ` here 's the thing , '' i continued .
` ` well , that 's the thing , '' i shouted at his retreating figure .
the only thing he needs is what the guardians would n't give him .
` ` there 's just one more thing i do n't understand , '' remarked stanton .
about the only thing anyone looking for ellen allworth would expect was the cameo , the one whose profile she usually consciously styled her hair to mirror .
` ` you should hear the real thing sometime .
the only warm thing was the fox curled up against his neck , licking his face and yipping softly at him .
the first thing i see when i awaken is the puke - colored curtain that has been drawn around my bed .
the next thing i notice is the broad back of a copper .
this is n't the same thing at all .
his voice was a deep , resonant thing , though his aleran was chewed and mangled by his fangs and jaws as he spoke it .
the first thing they bought was a bath .
and that whole three - wishes thing ?
need was such a subjective thing .
she was a beautiful little thing , cleopatra - cut honey - blond hair , gray - green eyes , skin like pale spring roses .
he meant the line - of - fire thing literally .
marion and kevin were talking , or rather yelling ; i could n't hear a thing .
his voice sounded hollow but self - satisfied ; i could n't see a thing , could n't tell if he was up at the top leaning over or standing on some concealed ledge .
` ` you mean if i were the only witness to a crime , that sort of thing ? ''
` ` it 's not the same thing at all .
they say that pity 's a bitter thing , but it 's better than hate .
i told you before , my mother always told me there was no such thing as magic- '' ` ` i bet she did teach you , '' he interrupted .
in the end , i found it easier to re - create the whole thing , starting with the circles .
but he specialized in the work of aleister crowley , the golden dawn , and that sort of thing .
still , i pretended to accept his faux politeness as the real thing .
` ` that whole mentor thing . ''
the power of the mind is a strange and wondrous thing . ''
up in the attic , i had n't heard a thing , lost in someone else 's memories .
it was the one thing i felt sure you 'd want out of everything you left behind .
sadly , i was probably the closest thing she had to family .
jesse and shannon went inside ; she wanted to change his bandages , and since i felt no real affinity for the florence nightingale thing , i was happy to let her .
as we went inside for more of my famous peanut butter sandwiches , i remembered i had n't mentioned the most important thing .
deep down i highly suspect the women who left jesse just could n't carry his love , because it 's a big , deep - swimming plesiosaur of a thing , and if you 're not strong enough , it could swallow you whole .
mark picks on me all damn day , bitching about every little thing .
lost , pretty thing ?
it was easy to sling vengeful promises when we could n't do a damn thing but what we were told .
the drive took us through town , which was probably charming , but i was too numb to appreciate such things - and out the other side , where the tighter streets gave way to country roads .
despite the whole talks - to - dead - people thing , she did n't seem to attract trouble the way i did .
` ` the only thing missing is the crystal ball , '' booke said .
gods , pregnancy hormones - no wonder i was tearing up over the smallest thing .
` ` there 's one thing i want to give you , '' i said .
especially if it was an upset kind of thing .
` ` nothing -- because short of your name , i do n't know a goddamn thing . ''
` ` my proclivities do n't change a thing . ''
from his vantage point in grier 's pantry , isaac could hear what was being said out in the kitchen -- but he could n't see a damn thing .
` ` as in ... '' ` ` helping someone come forward to spill every single thing he knows about that fucker . ''
` ` apologies do n't mean a thing . ''
naturally , she could n't hear a damn thing because of the sturdy , thick walls , but her father had added an iron vent that looked like just another part of the hvac system .
bottom line , heron had n't said a goddamn thing about the how s or where s or why s of the explosion , and isaac had n't asked .
over the course of the meal , they had spoken of nothing important , just everyday things about work and his garden and her ongoing cases in the penal system .
and in spite of getting the soul wrong in the beginning , things had worked out properly -- although nigel 's punishment thing had turned out to be a nonissue , had n't it .
the only thing she supposed he 'd left behind was this closet put back together .
and i swear he is none the worse by it , for i am sure no rich woman would know the first thing about how to get on in a country like this . ''
but perhaps you had better not hold that fellow over the cliff , '' he added to kulingile , the first thing of sense in the conversation , ` ` for you might very easily drop him , if he squirmed .
` ` if , perhaps , maila might have conveyed privately- '' he glanced at laurence and added hurriedly , ` ` not to suggest she should violate a true confidence , but any suggestion - any cause to believe - she would need only hint- '' ` ` i am quite certain she has no such thing , '' temeraire said , and stalked away to the courtyard and went aloft to go and take a couple of vicuna for dinner ; when he had brought them back , however , gong su was already occupied : maila had sent over a brace of pigs - real pigs , which had been acquired from trade with the colonial nations - as a gift ; and iskierka was sitting in the courtyard watching gong su roast them on spits , with an expression that one could only call smug .
she was a tiny thing who had taken after their mother , all sweetness and feminine curves , and her hair was the color of fresh honey .
i do n't know a damned thing about the terrain out there , and i need to see it if we 're going to be fighting in it .
and you 're the closest thing we have to a real healer . ''
` ` he told me to give you these first thing , sir . ''
the only thing i remember is the jars .
they did n't know a damned thing . ''
` ` he does n't know every little thing that i do .
` ` i got this thing , my own little ace in the hole .
` ` the only thing i need , '' brennan said , ` ` is information . ''
the notion of the prissy little alien prince working for the soviets was the craziest thing he 'd ever heard .
she just looked up and said that i 'd do no such thing , that she knew a few things about me , too , and i knew she was talking about ti malice .
` ` and i ' m totally over the asher thing .
there 's nothing but shadows below the light of the moon and i ca n't see a damn thing in order to tell if someone 's down there , running away , or watching me .
if cameron really does n't know a damn thing about my dad ; if he ever did , even back when he told me my dad was going to die .
the first thing i see are dark clouds and then , as i tilt my head , i see the bridge that goes over the river in town .
` ` art 's the only thing in this universe i ' m interested in .
the first thing we learn as disciples is not to throw our lives away .
and she did n't really know a thing about him , except that he was n't telling the truth .
` ` this thing - this l.a . thing - this is n't just to get me out of the way , right ?
apart from having heard half of a conversation - the wrong half , unfortunately - with johnny depp , she had n't accomplished a damn thing , really .
nobody seemed to have noticed a thing , so far , though there was a nice glittering spray of glass on the sidewalk below .
if there was any such thing as a safe place , given what they 'd learned about the world and the cross society and eidolon , it would be in manny 's fortress of solitude .
you hardly know a thing about this man , and for god 's sake , he just came out of prison ...
i do n't forget that kind of thing .
there 's this thing called string theory .
she could n't hear a damn thing .
rawlins did n't say a thing .
i was tall for a girl , 5'9 '' , and she was a tiny little thing .
the only thing that makes any sense is the fact that they need to win over a female audience , and maybe they did n't like the other female writers ' voice as much as mine .
the next thing i remembered was waking up in the field just as the sun was coming up .
` ` go on ... '' i started at the beginning of the tour and touched on every single thing .
mel was a tiny little thing with a bubble butt and a bubble rack , complimented by her waist - high jean shorts and backless fringe top .
but i could n't see a goddamn thing .
` ` that 's fine , '' i said , though dinner was the farthest thing from my mind .
i chewed anxiously - even though we were at cruising altitude , i still felt nervous , both because of the whole flying in the air thing , as well as my new company .
` ` honestly , i do n't know a thing .
we were n't sure where to take jacob - sage was the closest thing he had to a family .
for there are things outside , whose ability to sniff out tiny frail conglomerations of reality made the thing with the sharks and the trace of blood seem very boring indeed .
ponder had n't shared the room with the world 's greatest authority on examination procedures without learning a thing or two .
the last thing you needs when you 're hungry is a bloody ethical conundrum on your plate . '
and they said , what must we do to destroy the gate forever , and he said unto them , this you can not do , for it is not a thing , but i will guard the gate for you .
' ca n't see a thing in this stuff , ' he said .
a thing like that has a bit of an effect on a girl , you know . '
and then , of course , there was this other thing ... she 'd wrapped it up carefully into a long , slim package .
' like this genua thing - ' desiderata began .
gingerbread houses , that kind of thing . '
she did n't have to do a thing .
but the first thing they noticed was his skull .
besides , if he was going to be away for a while , he ought to mulch the melons and explain things to lu - tze .
it recognized humans only as pieces of mobile landscape which , in the lambing season in the high hills , might be associated with thrown stones when it stooped upon the newborn lamb , but which otherwise were as unimportant in the scheme of things as bushes and rocks .
and in this the priests reckoned he was on to a good thing , because most of the pilgrims were coming for the first time and therefore lacked the essential thing you needed in dealing with dhblah , which was the experience of having dealt with him before .
apart from the statues of the septarchs , of course , but that was n't the same thing .
` ` no , i mean about ... what gods are ... how gods came to exist ... that sort of thing , '' said brutha , trying to get to grips with the barman 's peculiar mode of conversation .
` ` i never taught you this sort of thing ! ''
` ` i can see you know every bloody thing there is to know about human nature now .
but there was such a thing as satisfaction .
` ` i do n't have to bother with that sort of thing anymore . ''
` ` i thought that sort of thing was , you know , '' the king grinned sickly , ` ` folklore ? ''
like the horseshoe thing . ''
` ` just trying to enter into the spirit of the thing , '' said carter .
` ` d'you know a funny thing about lancre ? ''
i was up all night with that ant , it never felt a thing .
he 'd fitted the extra wheel and tiller so that he could wheel the entire thing over to the wall when he 'd finished taking his exercise and , besides , it gave the whole thing a pleasing symmetry .
but the thing is , ' said carrot , ' the thing is : it works .
one of the thoughts jostling for space was that there was no such thing as a humble opinion .
' do you think there 's such a thing as a criminal mind ? '
he turned out to be- -for one thing , he turned out to be a she .
once again vimes felt the edge of something , some fundamental central thing ... ' where 'd he go ?
' well ... you ' ve only got the one dwarf , for one thing ... ' he began .
' the thing is , ' he said , ' the thing is ... the actual thing is , see ... the thing what i ' ve been sent to do ... ' late man heard sounds like that , too .
' the thing is ... the actual thing is ...
it has been a very busy and vareid week all round as , i shall now recount ... ' and only one thing more ...
he seemed like the only real thing in a world of pale shapes .
' exposure 's the last thing i want in de drum .
' i wish i was a clever bugger like you and knew every damn thing , ' said ridcully .
it appears i have only forgotten one thing .
' what ... coloured lights , stars , that sort of thing ? '
this is not how you attack someone , all milling around like a lot of millers ; when you attack someone the important thing to remember is the element of ... surprise- ' ten seconds later he turned to rincewind .
that was another thing people knew about the empire .
seven lucky logs to pay one pig and three [ looks like a four - armed man waving a flag ] of rice on pain of having his [ rather a stylized thing here , ca n't quite make it out ] struck with many blows .
' look , there 's no such thing as invisible vampire ghosts , all right ? '
' rite of conquest , that 's the thing .
and you would n't understand a thing about that , would you , you coarse little cheesemonger , he added to himself .
she was one of the staff that had come with the opera house , as much part of the whole thing as the rats or the gargoyles that infested the rooftops .
if people wanted to go around teaching people lessons , other people should remember that those people knew a thing or two about people .
it was a horrible thing to learn , but there are times when evidence gets trampled and the hunt is on .
' if your house was on fire , what 's the first thing you 'd take out of it ? '
there 's hardly a one of them out there who knows the first thing about music ! ! !
' exercise is a fine thing , certainly , ' said granny , getting back to her digging .
' this is just me askin ' , you understand , in a kind neighbourly way , takin ' an interest sort of thing , would n't be human if i didn't- ' agnes sighed .
tumbling past , totally out of control , is the bronze shell of the potent voyager , a sort of neolithic spaceship built and pushed over the edge by the astronomer - priests of krull , which is conveniently situated on the very rim of the world and proves , whatever people say , that there is such a thing as a free launch .
rincewind was a city wizard and , although he was aware that there were various differences among types of tree by which their nearest and dearest could tell them apart , the only thing he knew for certain was that the end without the leaves on fitted nto the ground .
' it 's what happens when people spend five hundred years trying to get a stone circle to work properly and then someone comes up with a little book with a page for every day and little chatty bits saying things like ` ` now is a good time to plant broad beans '' and ` ` early to rise , early to bed , makes a man healthy , wealthy and dead , '' and do you know what the most important thing to remember about culture shock . '
then another wizard said , ' you daft bugger , i ca n't see a thing now . '
that was the last thing they heard before something fast , hard and noisy cannoned into them out of the darkness and vanished into the night .
this , er , this legend thing .
he found himself wondering how it had come to attract winvoe , for one thing .
not the real thing , but something that might pass for it until you examined it closely .
like , i know trees usually grow greenend up ... that sort of thing .
16 ignorant : a state of not knowing what a pronoun is , or how to find the square root of 27.4 , and merely knowing childish and useless things like which of the seventy almost identicallooking species of the purple sea snake are the deadly ones , how to treat the poisonous pith of the sagosago tree to make a nourishing gruel , how to foretell the weather by the movements of the tree - climbing burglar crab , how to navigate across a thousand miles of featureless ocean by means of a piece of string and a small clay model of your grandfather , how to get essential vitamins from the liver of the ferocious ice bear , and other such trivial matters .
' you know , it 's a funny thing , ' said susan , staring at it .
' the only thing i can suggest , ' she said , ' is that women are quite often attracted to men who can make them laugh . '
carrot was good at picking up this sort of thing .
' ah , well ... loyalty is a fine thing .
for the serious empire - builder there was no such thing as a final frontier .
nor was there such a thing as a game of war .
' what was the other thing ... oh yes , i do n't have to be dragged on a hurdle , do i ? '
' yes , but they always make up that sort of thing , ' said ridcully .
' and i might believe there 's such a thing as a nat'rally chocolate - covered coconut , because chocolate 's a kind of potato- ' ' a bean , possibly , ' said ponder stibbons .
' only one thing i do n't understand , though , ' ridcully added .
the only thing i think i do n't quite understand ' , he said , ' is why any creature would want to spend time on all this ... ' he peered at his notes , ' this sex , when they could be enjoying themselves ... oh dear , your associate seems to be choking this time , i ' m afraid ... ' ' dean ! '
perhaps we could set up a student exchange , that sort of thing ? '
they taught me a thing or two .
maths , logic , that sort of thing .
' i ' m not certain there 's such a thing as a genuinely perfect moment , ' said susan .
hephaistos - who knows how bits fit together and that sort of thing .
dangerous beans had explained in his strange calm voice that writing things down would mean that a rat 's knowledge would go on existing even when the rat had died .
' nonononononono , ' said maurice , who hated that kind of thing .
' it never felt a thing , ' maurice went on .
that sort of thing could seriously interfere with a cat 's napping time , it really could .
or is that the kind of thing you only get to hear about when you are a hexperienced rat - catcher ? '
there 's such a thing as dyes , thought maurice .
instead , there was a general murmuring , no real words , nothing that would get anyone into trouble if the piper turned nasty , but a muttering indicating , in a general sense , without wishing to cause umbrage , and seeing everyone 's point of view , and taking one thing with another , and all things being equal , that people would like to see the boy given a chance , if it 's all right with you , no offence meant .
' no , i wo n't cost you a thing , ' said keith .
they think it 's a good idea to get patients better , for one thing , ' he turned over the kidneys with a fork .
after a certain age , memory was indeed an untrustworthy thing ...
it was true that the girl spent more time climbing trees and running around shouting than little girls normally did , but a girl with four older brothers still at home can be excused a lot of things .
` ` and a thing where you had to throw things at things to win things . ''
... little shapes that you did n't need went back into the great pool of shapes , and then you found the extra ones you needed and put them together , and then there was a sort of hook thing which meant that they would turn anything suitable into something just like them , and then ... . skiller turned very carefully and regarded the barrel behind him .
what really terrified him about the sea was that the only thing between him and the horrible things that lived at the bottom of it was water .
of course , he knew that logically the only thing that separated him from , say , the man - eating tigers in the jungles of klatch was mere distance , but that was n't the same thing at all .
of course , he knew that logically the only thing that separated him from , say , the man - eating tigers in the jungles of klatch was mere distance , but that was n't the same thing at all .
the one thing in her bag that might have made anyone suspicious was a very small , grubby booklet entitled an introduction to escapology , by the great williamson .
` ` that does n't mean a thing . ''
` ` yes , that 's a very witchy thing , is n't it , '' said the voice of the queen .
' ach , crivens , mistress , what a thing to taunt a body wi ' !
' very funny thing , the human mind , ' whispered the old woman .
oh , and by the way ... do you know the second interesting thing about angels ? '
' there 's not a thing i do n't know about pins .
he did n't like it much , because the whole place shook to the movement of the semaphore , but it was necessary for the look of the thing .
getting it to see anything is where wonders have to be performed because there is so much everything - which is to say , everything that can , will , has , should or might happen in all possible universes - that anything , any previously specified thing , is very hard to find .
not a blessed thing ... what 's this thing with fingers on ... who am i ... ' lord vetinari stared at the board for five seconds longer than was comfortable , while tapping his chin gently with the knob of his cane .
and megs , the her**ne of the book , clearly did n't know a thing about farming .
` ` we ca n't have that sort of thing , '' she said .
there was no one to be seen , but that did n't mean a thing .
the thing with the ground , for example .
the dark behind the eyes ... what a precious thing .
the first thing you learn when you enroll at unseen university , i ' m afraid , is that people do n't pay much attention to that sort of thing .
' actually it 's not the first thing you learn when you enroll , ' he added , ' i mean , you learn where the lavatories are and all that sort of thing before that .
' actually it 's not the first thing you learn when you enroll , ' he added , ' i mean , you learn where the lavatories are and all that sort of thing before that .
but after all that , it 's the first thing . '
' you know , that 's the funny thing , ' said rincewind .
legend said that one day the city would have a king again , and went on with various comments about magic swords , strawberry birthmarks and all the other things that legends gabble on about in these circumstances .
is that not a joyous thing ?
[ 19 ] the first thing a young wizard learns at unseen university - apart from where his peg is , and which way to the lavatory - is that he must protect himself at all times .
the only thing no - one had mentioned was the age of the sourcerer .
' that , er , was by way of being the whole thing , ' said the fool , and added , ' my grandad thought it was one of his best . '
some thing .
practically painless , you 'll barely feel a thing . '
' that 's another thing , ' said nanny , picking up a bean pod and chewing it .
billem 's got this terrible thing about rats , if you do n't mind .
this is the sort of thing that gets said in these circumstances .
the next thing is your illusions .
mind you , it was impressive , if you liked that kind of thing .
that 's why he dreamt up the thing about the wooden wossname .
responsibility , the sergeant thought , was a terrible thing .
` ` ca n't see a damn thing above us in the fog , '' he said .
for one thing , it was a great deal greater .
i slipped the gloves off even though i had n't touched a thing .
how had such a tiny thing come to los angeles ?
i was betting that wright had learned a thing or two about physical potential in his years on the job .
death had touched me too early for me not to understand that nearly immortal is not the same thing as truly immortal .
the only thing i caught completely in the rush of very old gallic was the name niceven , and a few choice curses .
the queen asked , although they all knew she was n't asking a damn thing .
she had n't noticed a thing .
` ` but that thing ... '' ` ` thing ?
and another thing ...
of course , whenever he thought of himself going through any of this - losing his talaith this way - he felt the pain as a physical thing .
` ` is it too much to expect to be asked that sort of thing ? ''
` ` the only thing beyond the aricia mountains is ... '' the room grew silent , and dagmar raised her hands , palms out .
i 'll bet you like the whole regal majesty thing , yes ?
it was a simple , unadorned thing , but meant much to many .
my sister has a tendency to forget that sort of thing . ''
` ` it 's a little thing , '' ragnar said , moving to keita 's side .
the question struck her like a physical thing .
` ` what you 'll learn , lad , is that you do n't let the females of the southlands do a damn thing .
so understand that i have no intention of forgiving haldane , daughter of elisa for a gods - damn thing .
otherwise , she did n't hear a thing .
the next thing i felt was the toe of my sneaker stumble over something - as if a foretelling of what was to come - and i flailed my arms forward , preparing to break my fall .
` ` i needed a change , and had heard such wonderful things about rural oregon , and there was this little thing '' -i pinched my thumb and index fingers together- '' called academic probation i was put on . ''
william did n't budge , in fact , he had n't said a thing .
` ` i really suck at this timing thing . ''
i wonder if there 's such a thing as extra - strength duct - tape or gags for immortals ; anything that could keep him quiet .
i could hear faint whispers of what were most likely spoken in normal voices below us , but the most frightening thing around me was what i sensed : a heavy cloud of evil combined with a fog of destiny .
she muttered some sort of belligerent tirade , intertwined with carefully selected curse words , but i did n't really hear a single thing she said .
i could n't understand why i did n't feel like the stranger i should have here , in someone else 's home - to - be ; perhaps it was because i would n't have changed a single thing in the shell of the house .
` ` once you 're done showing patrick a thing or two .
my last words to him , the last thing he 'd have of me , words that basically told him i was in love with someone else .
` ` you mind telling me where you learned a thing like that ? ''
` ` although if you wanted to accompany me with the whole horizontal in bed thing , i would n't object . ''
` ` but believe it or not , i ' ve picked up a thing or two being around two brothers who ' ve been practicing medicine for a combined total of four centuries . ''
despite not knowing if it had been anger or disappointment or something in - between on his face , one thing was clear ; it was utterly void of any fondness .
it seemed too much the thing of make believe , but he assured me , when that camera flashed , cementing this moment in time , i was the only thing that flashed in front of him .
` ` i do n't think there 's a single thing you could ask for that the council would deny you in exchange for your cooperation . ''
if that was the most beautiful thing you ve ever heard , '' i rose an eyebrow '' coming from the mouth of a woman sporting menswear in the middle of a stinky , hot barn '' also known as the woman who wil have my last name soon , he interjected , like it was the proudest of things .
so maybe i had this distraction thing down ; i just had to pul out the real y big guns when the occasion arose .
i could give her one thing , though '' cora knew her priorities and held to them .
its not the last thing i have of her , not even close to it .
wil iam shrugged like it was the most everyday kind of thing .
` ` for rescuing her from the hell i did n't do a damn thing to save her from ? ''
between that and his ever - present sunglasses , shock should n't be able to see a damn thing .
grenville has the place now ; not a bad fellow , so far as i can tell ; if he does not understand the least thing about dragons , that hardly makes him unique . ''
` ` not a bloody thing . ''
but you do n't know a damn thing about being human .
hurstgrove should n't mean a thing to her .
you need to -- '' ` ` you do n't know a damn thing , '' hurstgrove growled .
there was n't a damn thing she could do to stop him from filling all those empty places inside her as the pleasure crashed over her .
it was the closest thing to an attachment that she 'd admitted .
the whole thing was couched in terms of covenants .
the blackness of the underground cavern was so thick , no one could see a thing .
it would be painful , 188 but eventually you would n't remember a thing . ''
in the wake of the departure , the savior collapsed forward , going so limp the only thing that kept him on the bed was the hold around his torso .
the last thing he was interested in was byron 's eternal faith and optimism .
he 'd put duct tape over her mouth so i never heard a thing . ''
and then there was the ` ` love '' thing .
` ` first thing in the morning , wednesday .
she would n't change a thing .
` ` you have n't done a damn thing for me , sara , aside from the occasional orgasm . ''
the whole mark thing ... '' ` ` not because of that .
` ` there 's no such thing as coincidence . ''
she is the only thing besides blood that you have shared with your brother . ''
the last thing she remembered was ... ... being burnt to a crisp by a dragon .
the whole covert association thing was weird to eve , but she 'd play along at least until she figured out what was going on .
` ` i did n't ask her for a damn thing .
gadara 's smile was a thing of beauty .
` ` i didnae hear a thing .
yet no one heard a thing , and eve had been right there .
of course , abel wo n't give you a damn thing . ''
i could n't hear a thing from the hallway .
the main thing i wanted to do though was have it run a little differently .
that 's what your whole ghost thing is about .
and the whole not remembering thing . ''
not the whole fake job thing .
i did n't want him to leave me on this thing .
it was only then i noticed the mad wailing had stopped and the only thing i could hear was my heart thumping slowly .
yesterday , talking with her , the whole thing seemed like some weird sort of trance i was sucked into , just like my leg was inhaled by the mud .
ever since he brought up this mission of his to secure us a chance to film in riverside , i had wanted to bring up the whole mental institute thing .
that was the thing i was looking for .
he could teach you a thing or two , if not just by watching the show . ''
the next thing i remembered was waking up in my own bed , covered in a thick quilt , a mug of hot tea beside me .
i would pretend all i could that my blanket was my invisible cloak and it would shelter me from everything bad in the world but i learned at a very young age that there was no such thing as shelter .
i wondered how i managed to pull that off and from the looks i saw the officers shooting each other , i could tell they were wondering the same thing .
then there was the whole thing about declan o'shea , which of course was my name until my mother died and i took her last name , foray , to remember her by .
that i 'd told her i loved her and never heard a thing in return .
there was one thing that was off , however .
i knew she was going to flip out over the whole paying for it thing .
perry was a funny little thing .
my , she was a prickly little thing was n't she .
the closest thing i knew to them would be the spirit guides and guardians from haitian voodoo .
i could n't say a thing .
she was sitting still , her body small and frail , and the only thing i could make out were glinting eyes .
it was another thing to realize you were n't alone in the coffin .
no wonder ambrosia practiced her magic out here , no one would ever suspect a thing .
pippa may have been a mortal like us but , like us , she knew a thing or two about love and loss .
he was meaning the baby thing too , the holes in the thin veil .
i did n't hear a thing until the song ended .
you 're the only thing i know about the future . ''
i figured that since i know a thing or two about dark magic that you don '' t , i could help , but if you '' d rather handle it yourself ... fuck off and let me past . ''
' well , i suppose if you want to make a complete mockery of the whole thing , yes , you could just make it up .
angua wanted to preserve that ignorance as a small precious thing , but she could tell when someone needed a little change in their lives .
that was the shocking thing .
' do n't you say a thing about my legs ! '
he 'd seen the shape of a crossbow and one of the things you learned in the watch - that is , one of the things which hopefully you 'd have a chance to learn - was that it was a very stupid thing indeed to follow someone with a crossbow into a dark alley where you 'd be outlined against any light there was .
` ` what is this other thing , then , abner ? ''
cherise was a perky , gorgeous thing , all tanned and toned in the best tradition of florida beach bunnies , but there were telltale dark circles under her eyes .
not a damn thing we could do , except try to keep them off of us .
` ` there are n't any such thing as -- '' someone began to declare , in much the same way people once insisted the world was flat .
because lewis had an affinity for that sort of thing .
somehow , i knew that the serene little town of sea - casket had n't noticed a thing , and would n't .
ashan could stand here in broad daylight and pull me apart like a rag doll , and nobody would notice a thing .
but i ' m not one to take that kind of thing lying down .
they wo n't notice a thing .
then tavi hit on it , the real thing that separated valiar marcus from fidelias ex cursori .
` ` though he never would have acknowledged such a thing openly , of course .
he had n't sensed a thing .
` ` feisty little thing .
` ` i mean the legend thing . ''
you have n't said a thing about yourself .
it shook its head , pale eyes peering this way and that , twitching in independent motion , a dark dot at their center the only thing that resembled a pupil .
one girl , a lithe young thing in a slave 's collar and little more , danced to the music of the piper before the fire , casting a slender , dark shadow there like some kind of exotic ornament .
she had to try she now realized why fidelias had wanted her out of the fortress he had wanted to hide this very thing from her , knowing full well that only she and perhaps two or three other people in the fortress would recognize the signet dagger for what it was she shook her head , forcing her thoughts to focus , to take one thing at a time ` ` giraldi !
i 'd always wondered why , in the future , people never seemed to appreciate things like plants , carpet , and comfortably padded furniture .
there 's a dead djinn there , and a thing - a thing we think is antimatter .
someone had murdered a warden right in front of me , and i had n't been able to do a damn thing to stop it .
he smiled , but it was a bitter , dark thing , and it made me shiver .
were n't you supposed to contain that kind of thing ?
but ultimately , you 're going to find that what we 're telling you is the real thing .
i was pretty sure that none of it was going to mean a damn thing to bad bob , in the end .
` ` but there 's not one single thing to tie him to cameron 's disappearance , and he had no motive at all .
she was a funny little thing .
i always look , even if there 's no way i 'll see a thing with my physical eyes .
first thing after breakfast , we did our laundry in the sudsy kleen laundromat , owned by ( not to our surprise ) terry vale .
` ` are you going to be able to handle this , sweet thing ? ''
i did n't want to go to the movies to learn a damn thing about human nature or the state of the world .
` ` i do n't think we know a damn thing more , '' i complained .
but you know , the dead do n't feel a thing .
` ` i never learned a thing from any of them .
` ` come on , remember the whole mushroom thing ?
` ` then you 'd better hope i can master that not - being - noticed thing really quickly , because otherwise me and the nypd are going to have a beautiful friendship . ''
` ` jonathan , i do n't have to explain a damn thing .
the only thing that a djinn brings is potential . ''
storm energy flaring all around us , two bodies naked and moving in that sweet , hot rhythm , lubricated by sweat and lust and the awesome power of the moment ... not a bad way to lose your virginity , all things considered .
lewis looked a little surprised , and then he looked a little smirky , and then a second later he remembered he was a gentleman and pretended he had n't seen a thing .
he dug it out of his pocket and held it in his left hand - such a small thing , to rule everything about me , life and death - and smiled at me and said , ` ` i want you to burn .
i suppose you shall like to be an aviator , '' croft said , in tones that made it quite plain he supposed no such thing .
it was not a pleasant thing to hear , at all ; he had never been considered a hard captain , and he had always prided himself on ruling his men by respect rather than fear or a heavy hand ; many of his crew had been volunteers .
they do n't think much of king and country , you know ; praecursoris never knew a damned thing about it but where choiseul told him to go . ''
` ` not a thing , '' says peeta .
i wonder if the thing someone needs desperately is a good blanket .
the mutts go silent and the only thing i can hear is the blood pounding in my good ear .
is n't it just ... the most beautiful thing ? ''
but the game bag has reminded me of one more thing that i want .
the only thing that sticks in my head is that it has a clock , and we must be back inside 13 by the designated hour or our hunting privileges will be revoked .
inside is the first beautiful thing i ' ve seen in the district 13 compound : a replication of a meadow , filled with real trees and flowering plants , and alive with hummingbirds .
this may seem like a small thing , but it speaks volumes .
he 'll barely feel a thing .
i ' m not aware of a fucking thing . ''
so the night here swarmed with ghosts , like moths around a light , and out here in the dark wilderness , that was not a good thing to think about - although , of course , he did n't believe in such things .
` ` the flying box thing .
he explained to her as best he could , his memory still a thing of shadows and dream , something he remembered knowing more than something he had participated in firsthand .
does n't say a goddamn thing about the accused getting to talk .
but i do n't remember a thing from the getting up part to the part where i was sitting inside my car , gasping for breath and on the verge of tears .
but fire 's a funny thing .
it 's looking for me , i wanted to say , but there was no way i could explain that sort of thing .
he was the thing i had been hell - bent on asking lewis to give me .
mastery over air and water did n't mean a damn thing right now , except that i could probably keep breathing right up until my skin boiled off and my eyes popped .
` ` i do n't think i know any such thing , '' she said , and ralph was glad to hear the flash of emotion in her voice .
part of my mind ( it sounds like my mother when it talks ) just about howls when i put it that bluntly , but i ' m tired of fooling myself about my situation , there 's a lot of therapy out here , the kind of thing where people sit around in a circle and use up about four boxes of kleenex an hour , but it all seems to come back to seeing things plain .
` ` the only thing you owe me is a return visit so i can find out how it went .
` ` how would you know a thing like that ? ''
if there was such a thing as hyper - reality - and he could now testify that there was - then maybe there was such a thing as precognition , too .
it was n't the sort of thing you forgot , and all at once he was terrified .
it was the first thing to pop into his mind .
listen , lois , there 's all sorts of things i want to ask you , but i have an idea that right now there 's only one thing i really have to know .
i took care of my business after all , and there was n't a damned thing you could do about it , was there ?
and for the time being , at least , the thing that seemed to recur with the most resonance was old doris nonsense saying : done - bun - can'the - undone .
one thing he did know was that doc # 3 had n't cut lois 's balloon - string yet ; that ralph had seen for himself , along with the joyously healthy gray glow of her aura .
ed 's ring also seemed to burn against him , and he knew there was n't a thing in the world to stop him from taking it out of his pocket and throwing it into the other room after the scalpel .
lois had apparently not forgotten a single thing she 'd ever learned about kissing , and it seemed to ralph that she 'd learned quite a lot .
but this new thing was n't his heart , or at least ralph did n't think it was ; it felt as if an electric filament had been embedded in the flesh of his forearm .
rosalie was the furthest thing from ralph 's mind at that moment .
` ` this is the best thing i ' ve ever tasted .
the only thing that might make it possible was that i had anchors in the otherworld to help pull me in .
i got my little black message i can send and i got this other thing , too .
i can show you a thing or two .
rosemary muldoon is black irish and does n't look a thing like maria gambione , the only twentieth - century madonna .
he could n't see a thing but the empty living room , but he could hear everything , and that was what mattered .
heat does n't do a thing .
there did n't seem to be any thing physically wrong with him , just this overwhelming detachment .
there is such a thing as malice and revenge . '
it was actually pleasant , i think , to hear a kindly voice again , bringing up memories of wind , and trees , and sun on the grass , and such forgotten things .
i ' ve heard that he used to go into the old forest at one time , and he has the reputation of knowing a good many strange things .
it was a harmless enough tale for most of the local hobbits , no doubt : just a funny story about those funny people away beyond the river ; but some ( old butterbur , for instance ) knew a thing or two , and had probably heard rumours long ago about bilbo 's vanishing .
such loveliness in living thing frodo had never seen before nor imagined in his mind ; and he was both surprised and abashed to find that he had a seat at elrond 's table among all these folk so high and fair .
' from the first my heart misgave me , against all reason that i knew , ' said gandalf , ' and i desired to know how this thing came to gollum , and how long he had possessed it .
for if that tongue is not soon to be heard in every corner of the west , then let all put doubt aside that this thing is indeed what the wise have declared : the treasure of the enemy , fraught with all his malice ; and in it lies a great part of his strength of old .
' he is a small thing , you say , this gollum ?
hm , hm , he is the nearest thing among us to a hasty ent .
one thing only i missed : his horn .
one thing only i knew not : a fair belt , as it were of linked golden leaves , about his waist .
' what in truth this thing is i can not yet guess ; but some heirloom of power and peril it must be .
even if i were such a man as to desire this thing , and even though i knew not clearly what this thing was when i spoke , still i should take those words as a vow , and be held by them .
' for one thing , he knows little of men , and sly though he is , your refuge is so hidden that perhaps he does not know that men are concealed here .
the last thing that he remembered before he fell into deep dream was a glimpse of high white peaks , glimmering like floating isles above the clouds as they caught the light of the westering moon .
you are strong and can still in some matters govern yourself , denethor ; yet if you had received this thing , it would have overthrown you .
but your kinsman possessed this thing longer than you .
this i suffer , for indeed i have no gift that is worthy ; but my sister begs you to receive this small thing , as a memorial of dernhelm and of the horns of the mark at the coming of the morning . '
then you 'll learn a thing or two , you little rat - folk . '
' for one thing , i see that you 're behind the times and the news here .
just put on your welcoming landlady face and they wo n't suspect a thing .
jenna , who had not been the only girl in a family of six boys without learning a thing or two , had boy 412 facedown on the deck in an armlock .
and they ca n't hear you either - i ' ve put up a scream screen , they wo n't hear a thing . ''
' yes , ' said moist , letting the whole resurrection thing pass .
but he ca n't prove a thing , not a thing .
' it 's an economic model , in fact , which is the real thing ? '
moist could n't see behind that amiable face , just could n't see a thing .
' nevertheless , there is such a thing as pre - emptive defence .
' gladys , the thing about books ... well , the thing ...
let me see , now , what was the other thing ?
what was the sense in saying the enemy were in the wrong unless right is a real thing which the nazis at bottom knew as well as we did and ought to have practised ?
the people who ask that question are usually taking it for granted that if we have learned a thing from parents and teachers , then that thing must be merely a human invention .
you are , in fact , comparing them both with some real morality , admitting that there is such a thing as a real right , independent of what people think , and that some people 's ideas get nearer to that real right than others .
i think we have to assume it is more like a mind than it is like anything else we knowcbecause after all the only other thing we know is matter and you can hardly imagine a bit of matter giving instructions .
but i think they will all agree that the thing itself is infinitely more important than any explanations that theologians have produced .
they are not really true in the way the formula is ; they do not give you the real thing but only something more or less like it .
none of us could prove them by pure logic as you prove a thing in mathematics .
here is another thing that used to puzzle me .
when a man says about something he wants to do , ' it ca n't be wrong because it does n't do anyone else any harm , ' he is thinking only of the first thing .
and it is quite natural , when we start thinking about morality , to begin with the first thing , with social relations .
that is why we must go on to think of the second thing : of morality inside the individual .
each of us would like some bits of it , but i am afraid very few of us would like the whole thing .
in the same way , ' rhyme ' is the most obvious thing about poetry , and so people come to mean by ' poetry ' simply rhyme and nothing more . )
consequently , though christian charity sounds a very cold thing to people whose heads are full of sentimentality , and though it is quite distinct from affection , yet it leads to affection .
a baby feels hunger : well , there is such a thing as food .
a duckling wants to swim : well , then ; is such a thing as water .
men feel sexual desire : well , there is such a thing as sex .
the main thing we learn from a serious attempt to practise the christian virtues is that we fail .
the thing i am going to try to explain in this chapter may be ahead of me .
to anyone who 's met the real thing they all seem so petty and pedantic and unreal ! '
matter is like god in having energy : though , again , of course , physical energy is a different kind of thing from the power of god .
now , the first thing to notice is that the whole sting of it comes in the words at the same moment .
much the most important thing to know is that it is a relation of love .
she was a quiet , small thing , but she hid an intensity that he found impressive .
kelsier would be delighted to know that his plan for house tekiel was working , and that was n't the only thing she had been able to discover .
the rst , most important thing you 'll learn about pewterarming is when to use your metal .
though it was a very small thing , she felt a comfort in having the atium kelsier had given her .
she met his eyes , and he could n't read a thing in them .
` ` this is , perhaps , a thing that is difcult to understand without a background in both allomantic and feruchemical theory .
yet , while the rest of them had titles , friendships , and duties , the only thing oreseur had gained from overthrowing the final empire was another master .
` ` well , '' sazed said , ` ` for one thing , the lord ruler is said to have defeated the deepness .
they thought of it as some kind of mind control , and even those who knew more presumed that soothing was an invasive , terrible thing .
this was the worry i had , the thing that should have given me pause when my brethren came to me , finally willing to believe .
it was such a simple thing , but there was a beauty to it .
vin was right about one thing , at least .
the well was a thing of mythology - something spoken of by obligators when they taught about the lord ruler .
a thing of gods , a thing beyond the logic of scholars and philosophers ?
` ` the most important thing for you to understand is that they can be beaten .
yet they 'd never found the one thing they sought most urgently , the thing that had begun their quest : the religion of the terris people .
an ` ` x '' to the east marked the main thing they 'd come looking for : the location of the final cavern .
elend and vin 's government was a thing of wartime necessity - a utilitarian , martially organized alliance of cities .
however , there is one thing you must understand .
it was a shallow thing , this acceptance , but sometimes even shallow things feel important .
i know it seems obvious , but the important thing here is that we now know the method .
this is a thing that even i had a problem understanding .
these metalminds , they are a thing of museums and old libraries .
it was such a meaningless thing .
yet , vin had continued to pursue the caches , searching for this one thing .
not a thing of men at all , more ... a thing of gods .
not a thing of men at all , more ... a thing of gods .
however , she did know one thing .
` ` that is the same thing , essentially . ''
it was an odd thing to acknowledge , with her mind broadening to include so much .
` ` i got a sense for that sort of thing . ''
` ` we are both sidhe , sholto , and that is a thing of life .
he was a thing of light and magic , but as i used my hand to help slide him inside me , he was all silken skin , and muscle .
she was a tiny thing , with snapping , angry green eyes and a head full of auburn waves that fell past her br**sts .
he turned back to her , stunned this tiny thing had knocked him out .
damn , he was a good foot taller and probably had a hundred pounds on her , but the little thing held her ground .
she was a fierce little thing .
the only other unusual thing was a note about excessive time off .
` ` the light - bulb thing ? ''
i quickly took care of the balance - a thing i was accustomed to .
i could n't hear a thing but knew he had n't left the room .
and the second thing hunter had been right about ?
she was a tiny thing , barely reaching my shoulders , but she had one hell of a throwing arm .
there was no such thing as ` ` wrong '' to me .
and either way , she wo n't feel a thing .
you wo n't even feel a thing . ''
one of these days i was really going to need to figure out the whole alien / human body thing and how it worked , but right now was n't the time for a physiology lesson .
` ` the whole incubuslike thing ? ''
so i doubt that 's the only thing you need . ''
i thought it was odd , since she did n't know a thing about ivy or me .
i shook the snow off my boots on an inside mat , but i could n't feel a thing - my legs and toes were numb .
there was one more thing i longed for .
` ` the seroni know that sort of thing .
we do not truly see light , we only see slower things lit by it , so that for us light is on the edge - the last thing we know before things become too swift for us .
his ' light ' is a swifter movement which for us is nothing at all ; and what we call light is for him a thing like water , a visible thing , a thing he can touch and bathe in - even a dark thing when not illumined by the swifter .
his ' light ' is a swifter movement which for us is nothing at all ; and what we call light is for him a thing like water , a visible thing , a thing he can touch and bathe in - even a dark thing when not illumined by the swifter .
his ' light ' is a swifter movement which for us is nothing at all ; and what we call light is for him a thing like water , a visible thing , a thing he can touch and bathe in - even a dark thing when not illumined by the swifter .
the reason why the thing ca n't be expressed is that it 's too definite for language . ''
` ` oh , that is how i came to understand the whole thing .
i expect all you really mean is that you feel it your duty to work for the spread of civilisation and knowledge and that kind of thing . ''
` ` and if you refused to learn things from me and keep on saying you would wait and ask the king , would that not be like turning away from the fruit you had found to the fruit you had expected ? ''
he knew now why the old philosophers had said that there is no such thing as chance or fortune beyond the moon .
old curmudgeons would n't do a damn thing , but duke 's belief in the nobility of the ruling class was understandable , given his title and background .
if you believe nothing i ' ve said , believe that he likely has many reasons to make you his mate , none of which has a thing to do with love or instinct . ''
then i do n't remember a bloody thing until the dark healer came to me . ''
` ` this is the queerest thing i ever heard , '' said trumpkin .
of course , ` ` reasonably certain '' was not the same thing as ` ` certain . ''
` ` observing and understanding are not the same thing . ''
` ` they 're the closest thing we have to an ally , '' marcus said .
i never said a thing to you while you were ... questioning the prisoners . ''
her voice was a buzzing thing , as inhuman as her eyes , and sounded like many young women speaking in almost - perfect unison .
and it suddenly dawned on the late windle poons that there was no such thing as somebody else 's problem , and that just when you thought the world had pushed you aside it turned out to be full of strangeness .
oh , i thought other things afterwards , naturally , but the first thing was that the world should n't act as if it was some kind of book .
oh , i thought other things afterwards , naturally , but the first thing was that the world should n't act as if it was some kind of book .
i am not sure there is such a thing as right .
` ` you do n't know a thing about guerrilla warfare . ''
you do n't have to know a goddam thing except the answers to a few very simple questions .
to norman there was no such thing as ` ` a little rekky ' ; to norman there was only trolling .
the next thing she became aware of - this as she walked down the center aisle like some strange naked bride - was the smell of the place .
it was just her room , small and neat and sane , and the only thing she could smell was the faint , bedwarm fragrance of her own skin .
how could you forget ( what you need to forget ) a thing like that ?
it was a hell of a note , the sort of thing that might lead you to think that god had more in common with andrew dice clay than you maybe wanted to believe .
their father was with them this time ; and when they had looked and looked till the sun began to get low and tea - timish , he took them back home and would not stay any longer : he knew too many queer things about that place .
all the white dragons originally come from the moon , as you probably know ; but this one had been to the world and back , so he had learned a thing or two .
when all the food was gone , kress felt his own hunger pangs abate just a bit , though he had not eaten a thing .
there was nt a damn thing he could do to stop it .
you do nt know a damn thing about me .
do you really believe you can be with her and it not be a thing of power ? ''
` ` blood is a fine thing , princess , but it does not take the place of a good thrusting . ''
` ` my father never spoke of such a thing . ''
the first thing i saw was color .
he , like galen , never had a hidden agenda , but unlike galen , the only thing that showed on his face was a polite good humor .
the triumph was gone , the mockery faded as i watched , until the only thing left in those dark green eyes was fear .
' accept ' is a funny thing .
` ` even if i wanted to do this '' - i swallowed , still uncertain if i wanted the kind of power he was talking about - ` ` i would n't know the first thing about tapping it .
nia , a tiny thing with olive skin , curtsied to me and led me to the parlor where dorian and i had first chatted .
` ` nice job with the quota thing .
and yet the only thing in here that could possibly be construed as supernatural or divine was doug 's tetris mastery .
we 'd been playing with fire by fooling around with this chaste - sleeping thing .
the only thing that 's defective is your sense of timing .
not the taco bell thing . ''
but i had given him the one thing he could n't refuse .
if a normal mortal does it to a vampire , it wo n't do a damned thing except really piss the vampire off .
i think the only thing i have a knack for is barely scraping by with things i have to do . ''
the vegas thing ?
` ` well , no , but ... is it like the vegas thing ?
this lucinda thing ? ''
most of them were in their pajamas , but it was clear from their excited reaction to me that sleep was the farthest thing from their mind .
and i thought , what if it 's like the santa thing ?
i 'd noted before that having him pull for the mortensens was a powerful thing .
most people would n't think of that as a magical ability , but to be able to charm people was n't a small thing .
` ` let me show you nightmares , '' he said , and his voice held that anger that has passed heat and become a cold thing .
the touch of deity is a wondrous thing , but it carries weight .
the engine roared to life , and i realized that we would n't need to do a damn thing to keep the two humans from hearing us talk .
he moved into her sunlight , and reflected it , making it a thing of beauty .
except perhaps the one impossible thing he requested of her .
he had to try to restrain both her hands as she continued to pinch and tickle him , but she was a nimble little thing .
` ` there is n't one thing that could persuade you to- '' ` ` no .
` ` you did n't do a thing .
` ` it 's hardly the same thing , '' he said .
is that the thing i must discover ? ''
he was n't saying a damn thing .
` ` let 's pretend , '' the wizard continued , ` ` that gray actually is trying to make amends and is the only person who knows a damn thing about the diary .
` ` it 's really wonderful , '' he said , ` ` how the whole thing hangs together , even in a late version like malory 's .
` ` well , '' said mark , ` ` the thing is rather vague .
` ` the first thing to realise is that the n.i.c.e .
the first thing we saw when we poked our heads out of the window this morning was a lorry on the drive and a small army of what looked like criminals with picks and spades .
` ` well , for one thing , steele ca n't prevent you if the d.d .
almost without noticing it , he decided not to mention cure hardy ; jane cared for old buildings and all that sort of thing .
equality is not the deepest thing , you know . ''
` ` you do n't mean ... the thing 's absurd . ''
battle begun ` ` i ca n't see a thing , '' said jane .
the nearest thing to a human passion which still existed in him was a sort of cold fury against all who believed in the mind .
` ` i 'll show you the ... you know , the only thing we do n't know is just who did it .
their only chance was to push the loop backward till it slid over the stern ; or else ( to put the same thing another way ) to push the ship forward out of the loop .
the whole thing is plain now .
but , believe me or believe me not , i do assure you that we could n't find any thing in the way of a spell for taking off the ugliness .
( he was soon sorry he had spoken because then he had to explain that an inaudible thing is something you ca n't hear , and though he took a lot of trouble he never felt sure that the monopods had really understood , and what especially annoyed him was that they said in the end , ` ` eh , he ca n't put things the way our chief does .
` ` it 's the loveliest thing i have ever tasted , '' she said with a kind of gasp .
` ` that 's the funny thing , captain , '' said rynelf .
not a thing was out of place.my bed was made and my room was neat , except for the shoes scattered on the floor.most importantly , though , it was empty .
without the light from the moon , the cave was even blacker than the beach.i waited for a moment so that my eyes could adjust , but after a few minutes longer , i still could n't see a thing .
i memorized each plane of his face in the flickering torchlight.the cleft in his chin , the dimples that appeared when he smiled , the shiny silk of his hair.picking up his hand , i intertwined my fingers with his , memorizing the weight and warmth of his hand within mine.i buried my face into his neck and inhaled his musky , masculine scent.and finally when i knew that i could n't commit another thing to memory , i drifted off to sleep in his arms .
karkaras becomes mad with the pain of the silmaril in his belly , for the silmaril is a holy thing and sears evil flesh .
there long he sojourned alone and roamed about the shore or fared over the rocks at the ebb , marvelling at the pools and the great weeds , the dripping caverns and the strange sea - fowl that he saw and came to know ; but the rise and fall of the water and the voice of the waves was ever to him the greatest wonder and ever did it seem a new and unimaginable thing .
then spake tuor : ` ` nay , if thou dost not now dare greatly then will the orcs dwell for ever and possess in the end most of the mountains of the earth , and cease not to trouble both elves and men , even though by other means the valar contrive hereafter to release the noldoli ; but if thou trust now to the valar , though terrible the encounter , then shall the orcs fall , and melko 's power be minished to a little thing . ''
' i do n't know any of these people , ' said kay , ' and you have n't done one damn thing to make it any easier for me , have you ? '
` ` who 's a thing ? ''
` ` you 're very welcome of course , and if you ' ve a mind to change anything- '' ` ` i would n't change a thing .
iona had n't heard a thing .
i do n't think either of them give that sort of thing lightly .
that was the thing rolling around in the back of her mind since they 'd argued the other night , the thing she could n't quite put her finger on .
` ` we have n't been able to dig up a single suspicious thing on the new principal .
she has little more part in this story , yet there is one further thing about her you should know : she had a dollhouse .
the first thing you should know is that real magic is never easy , and if you think it is , just try making your least favorite aunt disappear the next time she comes to spend a week or two .
he only knew one thing about it , but that one thing was enough .
he only knew one thing about it , but that one thing was enough .
oh , i suppose all men of intelligence know how fragile such things as law and justice and civilization really are , but it 's not a thing they think of willingly , because it disturbs one 's rest and plays hob with one 's appetite .
gollum 's mind had jumped to a guess quicker than his ; naturally , for gollum had brooded for ages on this one thing , and he was always afraid of its being stolen .
that night they ate their very last scraps and crumbs of food ; and next morning when they woke the first thing they noticed was that they were still gnawingly hungry , and the next thing was that it was raining and that here and there the drip of it was dropping heavily on the forest floor .
the last thing that he remembered was the party at the hobbit 's house , and they had great difficulty in making him believe their tale of all the many adventures they had had since .
it 'll happen so fast they 'll hardly feel a thing . ''
` ` a solemn little thing , '' hal said .
at the least i could teach you a thing or two of jousting , about which you are pig ignorant at present . ''
then it seemed to manwe that the song rose once more about him , and he heeded now many things therein that though he had heard them he had not heeded before .
we ask a greater thing than thou knowest .
there was little peril in the lands and hills ; and there new things , devised long ages before in the thought of yavanna and sown as seed in the dark , came at last to their budding and their bloom .
then he entered in , and stayed a while in that dreadful place , where the treasures of valinor lay strewn upon the floors in darkness and decay ; but it is told that when hurin came forth from the wreck of nargothrond and stood again beneath the sky he bore with him out of all that great hoard but one thing only .
yet such was the cunning of his mind and mouth , and the strength of his hidden will , that ere three years had passed he had become closest to the secret counsels of the king ; for flattery sweet as honey was ever on his tongue , and knowledge he had of many things yet unrevealed to men .
beneath a spun - silver net her auburn hair was piled high , but the reddest thing about her was her face .
that is the queerest thing .
` ` these outsiders wo n't remember a thing , '' beatrix added .
` ` death is a terrible , frightening thing , is n't it ? ''
it was a strange thing to find in the body of a man who would mainline bath salts .
' hey , that 's what this -- ing thing tastes of , ' he added , with his mouth full .
' er ... because from this height on to solid ground it 's often hard to find out that sort of thing afterwards , ' said william , trying not to breathe out too much .
' loyalty is a wonderful thing . '
this man knows things ' hard to know any -- ing thing when you 're dead , ' snarled mr tulip .
' it is such a disgusting thing to break down now and -- ' ' oh , raw meat 's nothing , ' said sacharissa .
it was just the sort of thing that would cause much mirth around mrs arcanum 's table .
' yeah , that kind of thing mr tulip sniffed , causing his nose to flash .
they may believe in christ or buddha or erika stormjones , in reincarnation or immortality or nature , in the power of love or the platform of a political faction , but it all comes to the same thing .
between the djinn 's withdrawal and the problems with the wardens- '' ` ` she 's the only thing that matters to me now .
on the other hand ... the rib thing had been convenient for us to use as a shield between us .
the next thing i caught was only a flash , a very brief one - i was n't even in it , it was cherise in a shoe store with a polished - looking blond woman griping about her ex - husband .
` ` second thing : do you think i can do what i did with cherise - that memory thing - with other people ? ''
` ` hard to believe you 'd forget a thing like that , '' he said .
i explained patiently about the memory thing .
i did say that i wanted only this one thing from you , did n't i ? ''
who else would i get that kind of thing from ?
she 's going to have david , live my life , and be happy until she pulls off whatever evil plan she 's concocted , and there 's not a goddamn thing i can do about it .
they would n't notice a thing . ''
the first thing i picked up on was that everyone was really excited that it had rained .
all - powerful ruler or not , it was just an ugly thing i did n't want to dirty my hands with .
` ` do n't give me a hard time about this air thing , '' i warned .
` ` but this is n't the same thing .
` ` i did n't notice a thing . ''
` ` mercy 's not a horrible thing , '' i argued .
i can not believe he let them suggest such a thing to you ; one can not expect a naval officer to understand these things , but powys should have explained matters to him . ''
and nothing would do him but a greek hymn , which was a thing no other neighbouring king could have provided .
i must have slept after that , for the next thing i knew was the sound of women wailing and beating the breast as i had heard them do it the day my mother died .
everything changed into something else before you could understand it , yet the new thing always stabbed you in the very same place .
the nearest thing we have to a defence against them ( but there is no real defence ) is to be very wide awake and sober and hard at work , to hear no music , never to look at earth or sky , and ( above all ) to love no one .
she was as certain of her palace as of the plainest thing ; as certain as the priest had been of ungit when my father 's dagger was between his ribs .
this time i 'll do it '' ` ` one thing 's certain , '' said i .
child , has his vile love so turned your brain that you ca n't see the plainest thing ?
that is , the look of it was the look of lightning , pale , dazzling , without warmth or comfort , showing each smallest thing with fierce distinctness , but it did not go away .
i will also say this : i was never yet at any battle but that , when the lines were drawn up and the first enemy arrows came flashing in among us , and the grass and trees about me suddenly became a place , a field , a thing to be put in chronicles , i wished very heartily that i had stayed at home .
it is a thing no one would have found out who was not always afraid of hearing one sound ; and at the same time ( that was orual , orual refusing to die ) terribly afraid of not hearing it if for once - if possibly , at last , after ten thousand mockeries - it should be real , if psyche had come back .
but he went to one corner of the room and found there ( which were strange things to find in such a place ) two pickaxes and a crowbar .
iskierka said suspiciously as she came landing with her own dinner , and looked over the figures ; of course she did not understand a thing of mathematics , but only to be safe , temeraire swept his tail - tip over the diagramme .
` ` of course he will not outgrow maximus , '' temeraire murmured to dorset interrogatively , when the second cow had vanished , and kulingile was eyeing the rest of the herd with a sad , speculative gaze ; temeraire did not really see why kulingile should outgrow him , either , but one did not wish to sound self - centered , or as though one would mind any such thing : it did not signify , of course , if one were a celestial , even if kulingile was also coming into a quite handsome pattern of golden scales , as he grew .
had that thing about luxa been just a test ?
well , he could show her a thing or two now .
it was a thing of beauty , that dagger .
` ` yes , a letter can be yourself , you clueless little thing , '' said ripred .
the first thing he made out was the ground , which appeared to be covered with a dusky green moss .
` ` i do n't know about this destiny thing , '' said gregor .
vikus was her grandfather but , since her parents had been killed by rats , he was also the closest thing she had to a father .
` ` okay , ripred , '' gregor said , too tired to get into an argument about the whole worthless echolocation thing .
then the moment it is understood - '' ` ` the whole thing is as clear as water , '' agreed nerissa .
vikus could learn a thing or two from nerissa .
` ` it 's does n't matter , you wo n't remember a thing , '' said larry , who was drawing something that looked like a fly 's eyeball on his napkin .
by now he knew the thing by heart .
i brought one more thing , although i am not sure exactly what it is .
he hated ripred for bringing up the rager thing .
` ` i do n't owe her a thing , '' he thought .
gregor thought it was the best thing he 'd ever tasted .
anthropologists are not supposed to write that sort of thing . '
' makes you count your blessin 's , that sort of thing . '
' not a thing , mister . '
' that 's right , they did n't see a thing . '
' it 's not the kinda thing you forget . '
you did n't get that sort of thing from the lady of quirm .
' well , we have a pretty nifty team built here , ' said ridcully , ' and , while it is our intention to play our first game against a local side , i would take great pleasure in showing brazeneck a thing or two on the field . '
i ' m used to that sort of thing . '
' and i know a thing or two about riots and mobs . '
' mister nutt , you are not supposed to tell them that sort of thing , ' said ridcully .
apart from that , he had n't felt a thing .
it was a thing she had always dismissed as superstition .
it was almost as if the punishment was the thing the wise ones wanted her to learn , but that could not be .
it must have been - it 's the only thing that makes sense . ''
the old ituralde knew there was no such thing as glory to be had in battle .
` ` here 's the thing , my lord . ''
` ` that 's the thing , my lord .
` ` we assume it is a thing oi damane , which can be taught to them , if the right maratb'damane are taken .
he was nearly beginning to forget what it had been like to be tied to it , if it was possible to forget such a thing .
his connection to elayne was the only thing he had with which to bargain , and he had to ration his usefulness to stretch it long .
the most confusing thing he had discovered in this camp had to do with egwene .
he 's a short little thing of a man , though he looks like he knows how to dance the spears .
but you 're a soldier going to war , and the first thing a soldier learns is that you might die .
always , it is a thing of men to you .
` ` a man 's got to see a thing for what it is .
` ` respect is a thing earned and not demanded , perrin aybara . ''
the rod is a thing of the age of legends , and though we ' ve used it for millennia , we do n't really understand it .
` ` the only other thing i could find of relevance , mother , '' saerin said , ` ` was a curious reference from the blue scholar lannis , who indicated that mesaana was second only to demandred in sheer anger . ''
it seemed the most personal thing she could ever have given him .
` ` i did n't say a thing , '' mat said , keeping his voice even .
` ` not a thing , sir , '' the man said with a salute .
well , you 'll need to learn the same thing , for egwene 's sake .
we men know a thing or two , though .
` ` you never forget a thing , do you ? ''
` ` and ... and i asked for one more thing .
it was almost a physical thing , a shudder .
to rand , that seemed a marvelous thing .
` ` do you want to know the thing that twists my brain in knots , perrin ? ''
` ` it is the only thing that makes sense '' , emarin said , then turned to their captive .
egwene felt his determination almost like a physical thing .
` ` so long as it 's about blacksmithing , i suppose i know a thing or two '' .
the determination of a man set upon justice is a thing not lightly ignored .
` ` none of the dreamwalkers will teach you this thing .
if you had n't wanted me to be a good archer , i 'd have never learned the thing that kept me sane through the rough times '' .
the true power , the dark one 's essence , was the sweetest thing he had ever touched .
he could not complain about every little thing .
the ability to channel is not a thing of the body , but a thing of the soul .
the ability to channel is not a thing of the body , but a thing of the soul .
that did n't change a thing .
` ` lan , here is a thing that few men understand .
days when one half of the one power had not been a thing to fear , when two halves of one whole had worked together to create incredible wonders .
` ` the first thing i remember now is waking up to you and nynaeve '' , birgitte said softly .
he knew a thing or two about finding the best vantage to watch a performance .
she did n't know a thing about coins .
and that seemed like such a simple thing , now that she 'd finally given in to it .
the last thing she heard was the sound of the thing , a sound like a laugh .
you do n't know a fucking thing .
the thing was starting to lose its coherence .
for a little thing , she was ferocious .
i jumped back from the glass and slapped my hands over my ears as the thunder exploded , and could n't see a damn thing for the overloaded white - hot afterburn on my retinas .
i did n't know a thing about the new herod , his son , who was archelaus .
` ` and you do n't mind when i teach your son a thing or two , do you , because he has no grandfather living , and in my youth i was almost a scribe ? ''
light - headed , empty , i craved all things and no one thing .
and i saw the deeds , the deeds of my own life , the smallest , most trivial things , i saw them suddenly in their seed and sprout and with their groping branches ; i saw them growing , intertwining with other deeds , and those deeds come to form a thicket and a woodland and a great roving wilderness that dwarfed the world as we hold it on a map , the world as we hold it in our minds .
such a god could know all things , all things , the minds and attitudes and fears and regrets of every single living thing , from the scampering rat to every person .
such a god could know all things , all things , the minds and attitudes and fears and regrets of every single living thing , from the scampering rat to every person .
don , t worry , i don , t feel a thing .
but he wanted to see everything , yes , every single thing .
the destiny of souls might not mean a thing to him at all . ''
first thing they found were floodlights everywhere , but they couldn , t find a switch to turn them on .
` ` exactly what accident or illness or congenital deformity could account for that thing ?
i have seldom if ever told anyone this small thing , which i want to reveal now . ''
finding such a meaningful vocation in this world was indeed a ' wondrous ' thing .
doc says to wyatt : ' there 's no such thing as normal life , wyatt .
it was like shame , or the nearest thing to shame he 'd ever known , that she was seeing him naked and monstrous and that she knew him by name , knew who he was , knew all about him and could see him this way , without his consent , without his desire for her to see him .
` ` never in all my time have i seen such a thing as this .
and then in the morning , reuben , she did n't remember a thing except that she 'd gotten drunk and she 'd cried over something .
the most radical thing about a conversion to god is the determination to love , to really love in his name . ''
i sighed , knowing that feeling sorry for myself was n't going to solve a thing .
` ` you do n't know a thing about justin . ''
i could n't understand a single damned thing , but a woman and man argued over something .
with the roar of the crowd , i could n't hear a damned thing .
` ` man alive , this thing gives me the worst headache . ''
` ` yes , i can imagine such a thing is a difficult concept to accept . ''
and once it comes , i would suggest that you think often and speak often of this thing that you want .
and the more you think and speak upon this thing , the faster it will manifest into your experience . ''
` ` but- '' ` ` there 's not a damned thing i can do about it , so do n't waste your breath .
the woman had n't lived to the ripe age of seventy - two without picking up a thing or two about dealing with people .
what i needed was a wizard who knew a thing or two about street magic and had access to samples of gray wolf to analyze .
last thing i remembered was seeing those two motionless on the ground .
the dionysus thing is new , too .
i knew a thing or two about carrying around the guilt of causing someone 's death .
she was a pretty thing , was alyce , with her curly brown hair and guileless blue eyes .
she was really into the whole karaoke thing .
i turned to him even though i could n't see a thing in the pitch blackness .
` ` are you serious about this body heat thing ? ''
she was a tiny little thing , all doe eyes and long golden hair .
it was the first interesting thing trenton had ever heard about the house .
of all things , it made me think of my mother , how she greased one up in lard before the church social every june , and how the kids would fight to catch hold of it ; and spitting watermelon seeds off the front porch and watching the birds swoop down to eat them ; and the first bite , letting juice run all the way to your elbow .
parents teach you a lot of things , but the most important thing they teach you is this : how people will f**k you up in the future .
but i d forgotten about papas rocking horse and found it was one thing i could not surrender .
this ursula thing , i know its a piece of shit .
i m sorry but that is one thing that i do not offer to any visitor , especially one so secretive that he will not tell us his name , his homeland , or even his business in this area gwynn continued as she wrestled away from his grasp , and her sisters rose from their beds and came to theirs sisters room .
mrs . barrs sober dress and situation hinted at widowhood , but beyond this deduction little intelligence had been gleaned , for she was almost always to be found seated with her benefactress at a card table , and spoke of little save tricks and trumps ; while the only thing known of miss barr , was that she was fond of reading , as she did nothing but sit in corners , with a small volume in her hand which at times resembled a prayer book .
you do nt know the first thing about discipline .
i do nt know the first thing about children , except medically , of course .
the only thing i care about , at this point in time , is getting away from you .
is nt that the most frightfully exciting thing you ve ever heard ?
this way he would nt feel a thing .
there were so many things i did nt know ; how that perfidious servant persuaded the duke into the wood store , so that he might more easily be taken prisoner , or where it might be .
( past ) the first thing was nt sight but sound .
not a thing stirred , everything was exactly as i d left it that morning .
it remembers what it wants to remember ; it conveniently leaves out the uncomfortable things , the things you d rather forget .
the letter was a very precious thing , i told myself , no matter what it said .
inside were several sealed scrolls i did nt trouble to open , the broken shaft of a spear , a single plate , a candle - stick and the only thing to catch my eye , a broad and shallow cup .
the purity of his love for eadie was made a real , living thing in the bright young innocence of abigail .
the first thing you notice is on the cover , it was first printed in 1485 by william caxton .
the first thing which came to me was a letter from master gibbons ; you shall see what he said , ... the king and the countess think it unwise that the dukedom of york , held by prince richard plantagenet before his disappearance , should be left vacant .
a manorial lordship was a powerful thing ; it not only decided rights to land but many local duties as well ; whoever held the lordship could exercise considerable power , even over an abbey .
everythings for the whole ... the term eluded him ... thing .
the only thing he understands is force .
how could his father ever have agreed to such a poor exchange , erich wondered , when he had preached to him so many times that the integrity of the mind was the only thing sacred in the world .
even then , julia imagined , where they were would be a wondrous thing for poets to write about , a moment , it seemed , suspended in time from all things human .
but later , with a new day before him , he knew that the only thing certain in his life was the will to live .
when they were through talking , the only thing julia had learned from the man was his name , django , nothing more .
now she was nt so sure , and it bothered her deeply that she had learned such a thing as bibaxt .
and the next thing they wanted was france .
a new french patriotism is the only thing that everyone can talk about .
such a small thing , coffee drinking ability , but there it was nonetheless , a uniquely italian skill .
yes , there is another thing , though its a bit weak , i confess .
you really do nt understand a thing of what i just said , do you ?
he d been harder on her than the rest , he supposed , because , well , if she hated him , he d be less likely to give in to his need to teach her every blasted thing he knew of passion and pleasure .
i wantand i ca nt believe you ca nt remember such a little thing , because sometimes you seem to be so very intelligenta house , a white kitten and a rose garden .
the men who call me saint do nt know a thing about me .
a delicate thing , she looked as if a puff of air would carry her off .
` ` to be honest , miss paige , i can not feel a thing . ''
what is the most important thing you ' ve learnt ? ''
the juice from the fruit dripped down her chin and it was the most delicious thing she had tasted in months .
i declare , nicky , i think this is the nicest thing you have ever given to me .
this is the silliest thing i have ever heard of , chris snorted .
agatha 's eyes rounded with surprise , for in all the weeks sarah had been with her , never once had she asked for a thing .
but i find the only thing i truly want is to have you for my wife . ''
fire is such a wonderful thing .
but for all that athena knew about her once - home , there was one thing she never learned .
the only thing still there was the fates song , which sang itself over and over again in hades mind .
the only thing that came out of its beak , though , was a long and ragged hiss , like steam rushing through cracks in the ground .
` ` the aulos is a sordid thing , disfigures the face .
this brought immediate colour to mrs talbots cheeks and she exclaimed , oh , my dear miss farraday , mr hamilton is not quitenot quite the thing , for ladiesto know , you understand .
` ` in politics there 's no such thing as a republican solution or a democratic solution , only the right solution .
i ve only got to wait about six months more , and then i shall be free to marry willand there wo nt be a thing mother or anyone else can do about it .
he supposed that he was rather glad of it , in a way ; the last thing he needed was criticism concerning the mess of lies he had managed to tangle himself up in .
it would be a terrible shame ; she was undoubtedly the most gorgeous thing he d ever laid eyes on .
yes , the tragically lamed diva , unable to walk , but with a voice so heavenly that she howled loudly as erik pulled out the sliver , realizing belatedly that she had nt felt a thing .
there is no such thing as breidablik , or baldr , or asgard , or the nine worlds , or your ridiculous angel of music !
but still , he could learn a thing or two from his own lecture .
i m sure a pretty young thing like that would love to give a marquis a private rendition , do nt you think ?
the first thing i learned was the utter ruthlessness of lady margaret beaufort , who stands behind a good deal of our present story .
the second thing can wait till the next chapter ; the first thing was the sudden and unexpected death of edward iv , on april 9 , 1483 , just short of his 41st birthday .
all shall believe poor richard would kill to be king , the very last thing in the world he wants i shall try to make it the last thing in the world he gets .
i submit myself to your graces judgement , for treason is a terrible thing and i will serve the sake of lord hastings no further .
the next thing i felt was the coldness of hard , smooth stone against my back .
they never suspected a thing .
of the story , the first thing i learned was the utter ruthlessness of lady margaret beaufort , who stands behind a good deal of our present story .
for it vanquishes every subtle thing and penetrates every solid thing .
for it vanquishes every subtle thing and penetrates every solid thing .
at that moment the only thing we had to put a damper on our spirits was the gruesome business of , well , you re well aware .
that s literally everything i remember except for one other thing , a project assigned to my first - grade class in 1957 .
it would be silly to use such things to condemn an entire country for its antisemites just as to point to individual jewish communists does nt prove jews are treacherous or disloyal .
the first thing the soldiers checked was the storage room , their original hiding place .
but it is nt at the very end , as the interviewer is winding things up and getting ready to turn off the camera , she adds one more thing .
knowledge is a powerful thing , more powerful than a warriors sword arm .
despite her resentment of how he d learned these things , cruthins words echoed something shed always felt , that the real power of the gods was in the earth , in the trees and the rocks and water all around them .
although the thought of visiting one of these places excited sirona , she still resented that cruthin had been the one to learn these things .
the first thing hawksworth saw through the torchlight was a high iron fence , sentries posted with bucklers and pikes along its perimeter , and an ornate iron gate .
and thereby found the one thing most others have lost . ''
` ` before you 're through you may learn a few thing about both . ''
` ` now , the first thing you need to learn is how to string this .
save none of these puritans knows the first thing about working africans .
it 's time you learned a thing or two about this island , '' he continued , his voice rising .
you had to grant the papists knew a thing or so about the good life .
the first thing you must know is who you are .
there 's only one last thing you need : a seasoned pilot for jamaica bay .
` ` the only unsettling thing i see here are all those muskets . ''
` ` show those roundhead bastards a thing or two about how to shoot , love .
we ' ve got superiority of numbers , but it does n't mean a thing .
the most curious thing of all was his marvelous new awareness of being alive ; he was adrift in a new realm of the spirit , untroubled by the cacophony of musket discharges from all sides .
there must be such a thing as nemesis , apart from mortal feud .
cutula observed , its a chancy thing , to mock .
in flitted a girlish young thing with her hair up and pinned into a tall blue steeple of a hat : a triangle on a sphere , the moon and its shadow .
up on horse he thought of a thing he much desired to know , and stepped again into the halo of the firelight .
its better that y all do nt know a damned thing about what went on here tonight , he told them as he got inside the car .
why else would she refuse to tell him , to give him the one thing he wanted from her ?
i do nt want to cost you your job over this calcutta thing .
the greatest thing in his life had been hidden from him for thirty years , years he could never reclaim .
the only thing godric understood was that richard had already managed to irritate him .
you know , said godric with a happy sigh , music really is a wonderful thing .
the last thing he saw was the clubs edge as it came crashing down on the back of his head .
things came into focus and she saw she was lying on a soft bed and looking up at a wood ceiling with fancy carvings and shapes on it , like a monochrome sistine chapel .
the whole thing seemed magical to her and she fully expected to return to the tree and investigate it some more .
if americans eventually let them have their ranch , it does nt mean a thing to them whether they are governed by mexico or america .
she struggled with the bitterness and resentment that surged up inside her at his presumption to ask such a thing of her , and so late !
any book besides the bible was a precious thing indeed on the island , or even in all of western scotland .
besides , i do n't the first thing about running a farm .
it 's such a fleeting thing , too small to matter !
but one big thing is missing .
i know a thing or two about watching someone you love but can never have .
but how could she approach him with such a thing ?
of course that does n't mean a thing as he might have changed his clothes before he was arrested .
and damn if he was nt putting a figure to the thing , it was beautiful .
guess he s got used to the wee thing .
but the body is a strange thing , as any healer has cause to know .
while i would nt have minded some no strings attached rumpy pumpy , well , just that concept alone is more far fetched than the whole space goddess thing .
i did nt tell them a thing about you , except for that they are not to speak to you unless spoken to and they are to not interfere in anyway when we are together .
she had never mentioned a hint of such a thing .
the only thing i kept from isaac were the dispositions that i undertook to carry on for the nazarenes .
that s the thing i miss most .
but attitude is a mental thing , and als mind was elsewhere .
but he really ca nt make out a thing .
was there such a thing as fate - destiny ?
' that 's the furthest thing from my mind .
i mean no deep trances or that sort of thing . '
i learned one more thing about elise she could play the piano .
but one thing you should know about him .
she was just a little thing , only about 15 years old and pretty as a rose .
she s a little bird of a thing , but all grown up , if you get my meaning .
for all of his coarse jokes and country ways , he saw most things very clearly .
the inspector who was let go , he did nt fence a thing , whalen said .
and it was beyond belief that woodruff managed to sneak a horse and wagon out of the barn , and then back into the barn , without anyone hearing a thing .
i did nt know a thing about the mans sister who was supposed to be coming to keep house for him .
the poet found it a very becoming thing to remove cronin .
i do nt know a thing about it , dan said .
spoke of farm chores and receipts and such things as we could not understand .
i do nt know a thing about the murder , dan said .
a scan of the room failed to reveal the pretty little thing in her sweet little bonnet with the ridiculous dead bluebird , wings spread in flight , perched on the brim .
but the trees and summer foliage taunted me with memories of a paradise that i might have found undeniably beautiful at this age , but loathed beyond all things when i was forced to survive there .
it was n't the only thing that shocked me .
if you do n't want anyone else to know , then we 'll not divulge a thing . ''
` ` i 'll not tell you a thing , '' i snapped .
after that , there were a couple of nondescript small buildings and eventually the land office , which was easy to spot because of the no nonsense sign that hung from a couple of short lengths of chain attached to front edge of the porch that jutted out over the wooden boardwalk ... - land office - to their delight , one thing that seemed to be missing , though , was a saloon of any sort .
none of us had heard a thing .
bet you ca nt see a damn thing without those , she spat the words knowingly , as she pondered curiously .
most of his body had been afflicted , but they did nt mention a thing about it , and knew that he would talk in good time .
by the end of the morning , the only thing he had learned was one letter of the alphabet and some math facts .
he tentatively dressed and tried to remember sleeping , but the last thing he remembered was thinking of emily and wondering what she was doing , if she was thinking of him , and if she missed him like he missed her .
in his mind family was the most important thing a man could have .
he was also learning the things he needed to know to always do the right thing .
the only thing he knew about war was what he had read in books , and a few stories he had heard passing around between old - timers in town .
about the only thing you had to worry about during the summer was the rain finding a way through your roof .
it was nt the greatest thing to eat , but it would fill an empty belly .
a mere bump on the head or some thing of that like would have sufficed .
i do n't know the first thing about the argentine , mr carruthers .
here we go , ben , whispered te kawau , just go with the feel of the thing and i ' m sure you 'll make sense of it .
there would be no way to explain such a thing .
it was the one thing i insisted upon when my sisters suggested i refurbish the house , a pianoforte in several of the chambers .
to do so would be to reveal things that would place me in harms way .
did cousteau ever give you any such thing ? '
the human mind has a way of finding things out while you do other menial tasks and then suddenly and idea or a thought or some forgotten thing will fly into it from seemingly nowhere .
the human mind has a way of finding things out while you do other menial tasks and then suddenly and idea or a thought or some forgotten thing will fly into it from seemingly nowhere .
i would not say she is in love , she is hardly thirteen years of age , she does not yet know what love is , but it may one day turn to such a thing .
chavelle leaned forward toward his squire and spoke , the only thing that is real in life is power and the use of it for what you can get out of life .
that tricky little devil always has some new thing hidden away .
was this thing right , this feeling that he now felt ?
maybe you could ' ve even taught him a thing or two if he had n't been asleep . ''
dreadful interventions like these were a thing of the past , something she 'd learned about in her ' history of psychology ' class .
the only thing preventing me from strangling your meddlesome neck is the fact that you have information i need , and if i killed you , i d never know it .
lizzie would have precious little of the finery of a bride , but she had allowed herself this one small thing .
everyone in ashfaqs family realised that solitude was actually not such a pleasant thing as described by poets .
they both realised that asking something was not the same thing as needing something .
only thing he probably did nt know was the technology to make them .
well , it do nt negate the party , the medal , the necklace thing .
learn a thing or two .
miss bell , there are many things i ve overlooked and perhaps come to live with in the transition from one country to another but i simply do not like fanny playing outside without her shoes .
since the time parkman had saved ben 's life and taken him under his wing , they had lived off parkman 's dwindling bankroll because ben had no money , and parkman had taught ben many things that he would need to know to live in this western country that they were entering .
` ` we do n't know a thing about these two , '' the sheriff said .
i do not think those so - called ambassadors of mine are doing a damn thing to keep him that way .
here i am at my end , and i shall teach you this one last thing .
i can not tell you how much i worried about that very thing .
will was the closest thing he had to a son , and richard felt the grip of fear closing in on him .
for one thing , you are nt marrying men of your own choosing .
there is one thing he could gain by it , iris replied .
even with their candle extended in front of them , they could nt see a thing .
but my grandmother , there was nt a thing she could nt cook .
us older folks know a thing or two , you know .
the only thing that you need to know is that things connect when they are supposed to connect .
it was like it was all new to him ; he seemed to be in awe of every little thing .
i thought you were the most beautiful thing i d ever seen and i kept thinkin that there was no way you would end up stayin .
none of them wanted to miss seeing a thing .
what he said about you lying to meit does nt mean a thing .
he could have made up any old thing to put in his letters to you .
you might have a thing or two to learn from me after all .
around avallon the land supported , among other things , the growing of wine grapes .
he had never fired his weapon in anger before , and now he was moving through the fog , up an hill and was expected to fight huge russian troops without knowing a thing about what he was supposed to do , or how to do it .
i had never really held a gun before my training and now i know every single thing about the weapon , including how a certain part of it is made .
he paused for a moment and then said , ` ` now , there 's just one more thing we need for holley .
years later , someone who knew about these things told jina that the style of the belt showed that it was made in bakuel , a country that lay on the great plains somewhere far to the south of upper kerina .
and what is the second thing ?
jina must have passed out for a while because the next thing he remembered was sharma 's voice , asking him if he was all right .
not a thing luke , he was unconscious .
nah , i ca nt prove it , the only thing , i got , is this scar on my forehead where a minnie - ball bounced off a rock at the hornets nest and sliced me up pretty good .
oh , well you know the whole map thing was given to him by old bill .
` ` if it comes to that , i do n't want to know a thing ' til it 's all over , paul .
its not the same thing at all .
a huge cathedral should not be the first thing you see when you arrive in the port of biloxi .
the workmen had rebuilt our kitchen in record - breaking time , so i spend some time putting dishes up on shelves and that sort of thing , but there were still too many unfilled hours in each endless day .
the only thing he could nt see was the inside of the shelter .
there could be some internal bleeding i ca nt do a fucking thing about .
but it does nt mean that everything is right and the only thing that matters is victory .
the whole questioning life thing .
the next thing i need you to dothe most important thing is that i need you to take care of leonardo .
was saved the disgrace as mrs dunn continued : no , i told jackie a little thing like a headache was nt going to stop me from joining you both for tea especially when its such a special evening your birthday tea !
oh , yes , she s a stickler for forms is dotted ts crossed and all that sort of thing .
` ` i am wondering the same thing , '' asserted mrs . billings .
he said the only thing holding the two colonies together was the jolliet family .
the first thing i noticed was clocks hanging from every wall .
there ca nt be any such thing as a nice vampire , levon said .
there s no such thing as frankenstein , he said .
there s no such thing as frankenstein , sarah repeated , a manic hysteria creeping into her voice .
` ` the main thing is that i ' m here now , brother , and it 's very good to see you . ''
` ` the only thing we know anymore , '' mollie reasoned , ` ` is that we have n't killed him , cole .
` ` i understand , '' he assured her , ` ` and it does n't change a thing between us . ''
the first thing i want to know is how far away they are . ''
to me the most interesting thing was seeing where lebeck ranked .
the only thing you see is a sign louisiana welcomes you .
who could have given him such a thing ?
well , for one thing , she s looking a bit thin .
but i do nt know the first thing about hunting down gold .
the next thing will remembered was hearing the laughter .
the same thing puzzled him .
it was the one thing of value that the muddied and broken william shakespeare had on him the day the old trouper stumbled across the young runaway beside a cold stream outside stratford .
the captain then asks , what single thing has turned out to be a surprise ?
many times they would lie on the hay upstairs in the barn over the cows and just talk about lots of things .
all of you folks on the island are the closest thing i have to a family now .
he did n't miss a thing .
no , prophecy is a much more mysterious thing . ''
you must remember ... '' he could n't remember a thing .
the only thing people knew of him was that he preached the end of the age , the end of the etruscans ; fire and flood , burning and drowning .
this whole ' priestess ' thing was strange to her .
someone told him once that the hedgehog knew one thing , the fox many ; he was a fox , for sure , wily when he needed to be , and fast , and knowing many things .
` ` no such thing as safety , anyway , '' master said .
` ` no such thing as safety , '' master said again ; ` ` only different risks . ''
he sucked in the tiny fold of lip just under his nose , and bit it , and thought for a moment , and said ; ` ` i think those recipes are perhaps the real thing that binds etruria .
the thing tarquin would never understand , though , it was n't a matter of spit and polish and military parades ; it was the deeply boring question of logistics , provisions , calculations of how long a smith would take to make a hundred spears , a hundred swords .
the tenth thing you know will save your life .
` ` there was a man up suana way well , you know what they 're like in the back country who knew all sorts of odd things , like how to dry fish skin , and all kinds of old stories , and what horses were scared of , and how mares got pregnant by the wind . ''
and yet that in itself would n't be enough ; there was one more important thing that the craftsman had got right .
i m not used to being home yet , and in the company of such a pretty little thing as yourself .
that is the other thing i came to tell you , he must know of samlen one eyes army as quickly as possible .
that left just one thing : the amber treasure .
` ` she 's a good little thing , '' voss once said , ` ` and i have n't liked to worry her about problems with the business .
scrabbling around in the bottom of the purse she encountered only one thing in it , a long thin object that seemed metallic .
his discourse was complicated and somewhat confused ; he said he had all things shown to him from this time to the winding - up scene , or the great battle of gog and magog ; there were great things to take place , but he did not tell what the saints should do to save themselves .
and , ah there s one other thing yot to know , joseph .
he talked of harriet , and praised her so warmly , that she could not suppose any thing wanting which a little time would not add .
on it he listed all the states of the union , their electoral votes , and the results as they were received from each state : na , well lairn a thing air two aboot this mystarious american electoral college !
i could not tell you a thing about its upper half except it he had a brown shirt on of some kind , and breeches .
one last thing you have nt figured out ?
preview for book 7 young mr . darcy falls in love coming spring 2013 chapter 1 annes ball any man in want of a wife , and thoroughly unacquainted with her father , was seeking only one thing in july of 1825 : an invitation to the pemberley ball .
however , it felt like the blind advice a priest may give to a prisoner before he was executed ; it will be over quickly and you wo nt feel a thing .
is there such a thing as a weak templar ?
what one person throws out as rubbish is just the thing another will treasure , and i convey it from the one to the other .
come , mr whittle , i said , your daughters happiness is the most precious thing you can wish forfar more than gold , so why not let her wishes be your guide ?
best thing i got for free were the meals i got when i was in the army .
a clatter of hooves and a distant shot was the last thing he heard .
i did nt find a thing .
i m sure your father would nt have them otherwise but you know he ca nt refuse robert the least thing .
all this and now he s gone through the trouble of dragging that mangonel twenty miles and you think he has nt considered such a simple thing as being within our arrow range when he uses it ?
although he felt so good this morning he doubted he would feel a thing if rhirid shot a whole slew of arrows into him .
we do nt know where that s the beauty of the thing , richard !
you do nt know sich a thing .
ireland rose , have you changed a thing since captain lovell brought you here ?
rose said , not knowing a thing .
she a mighty purty little thing .
do nt think a thing .
she needed time alone and hurried away , stopping under a tree and gazing out not seeing a single thing .
canute was called to report to the thing to answer for his action .
his head told him he had no right to feel the way he did , but his heart made it clear marietta was special to him , and there was nt a thing he could do about that .
if that s all there was to the story i do nt think any of us would have thought another thing about it .
eric and i have been forever together and you know what they say , the romance is the first thing to go , kevin said , winking at her .
david knew a thing or two about intimidation .
is nt that the most beautiful thing ?
chapter 1 the problem with not - people i m not sure about this latte thing , rachel , my elderly neighbour said .
and that other ... thing ?
at this point , he was thinking he may have been off about the whole santa claus thing as well .
i shut up for a bit because i was trying to think of how to tell her about the whole medium thing , without seeming like i d been lying about it .
i m not a fan of sweet things .
after all , the one thing we have is time .
i thought we might have a girly chatyou know , talk about men , our love lives , that sort of thing ?
and daniels standing there in his cheap suit nodding , the guy that could intercede did n't say a thing .
marc 's the closest thing i have to a brother . ''
it was the sexiest thing luke had ever heard .
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about vampires , do you ?
but the worst part -- the part that would cause my heart to ache if it could -- is that i am the root of all those things . ''
i sometimes wish i could be so content with such a simple thing as a glorified piece of string .
the world has been turned upside down and people are trying to resume their normal lives , except our normal lives are almost a thing of the past .
it was there that he knew what the scarlet would do ( except for the whole dead rising from the grave thing ) .
the whole american christmas thing was a convoluted , heavily religious , cover up of an ancient celebration of the winter solstice anyways .
once inside the first thing i noticed was the smell of old death .
something made me put it down , a thing that told me the police would take their time investigating and it might be too late .
the reflection thing .
bob , what is this thing you want to show me ?
to his young , frightened mind , it was the only thing that made sense .
what s the first thing cort taught us ?
a name is a powerful thing .
but tomas did nt hear a thing the driver said .
my offer is more than fair , because we did nt do a damn thing wrong .
you d be amazed , wallace said , just how many kids graduate high school without knowing the first damn thing about vampires or werewolves .
there will be days where compassion is the only thing that separates you from them .
the only thing you have to be embarrassed about , lily said , is the fact that you ca nt handle your alcohol .
the first thing i d like to know how old are you , kid ?
they knew running would draw attention , and attention was the one thing none of them wanted .
the only thing we want is information .
to be clear , abbie said , there s no such thing as a chosen one .
no , he thought with increasing discernment , whatever was missing was that thing always brought to the fore when he was in the company of his brother .
i ca nt hear a thing .
not the sort of thing i should be forgetting , either , but as it always is in this place , it only reveals those secrets its willing to let go .
do nt you mind how , the only thing of import , dearie , is that its true .
even with a flashlight you ca nt see a thing .
insult my methods all ye like , but i know a thing or two about conducting a proper sance , bonnie said , tutting him .
a terrible thing , hope .
suddenly this whole magic spell thing seemed like a bad idea .
while cassidy did nt know the first thing about raising a kid , emma was family , and shed be damned if shed give her up to jon conway .
it had been the first thing he had truly been terrified by when they locked him back up , but only because he could nt get away .
that thing , is nt the solution .
i still think the whole counseling thing is hogwash from the start .
just like alan said about the amoeba thing i mean , if you re rolling down the highway and see some dead deer off in the shoulder , you might think , aw , poor thing .
blood is too precious a thing in these days of dishonourable peace , and the glories of the great races are as a tale that is told . '
the only thing i found was a great heap of gold in one corner , gold of all kinds , roman , and british , and austrian , and hungarian , and greek and turkish money , covered with a film of dust , as though it had lain long in the ground .
to which she replied , ' i did not look for any specific thing .
dr . seward 's diary 26 september . -- truly there is no such thing as finality .
if you , who saw the wounds on lucas 's throat , and saw the wounds so similar on the child 's at the hospital , if you , who saw the coffin empty last night and full today with a man who have not change only to be more rose and more beautiful in a whole week , after he die , if you know of this and know of the white figure last night that brought the child to the churchyard , and yet of your own senses you did not believe , how then , can i expect artemis , who know none of those things , to believe ?
an ' a ' the time we could no speer a thing .
ken looked around in amazement , trying to take in each thing the narrow beam revealed .
the first thing he noticedother than the thousand or so cobwebswas the shrine .
no one needs to know a thing .
he had nt entered the building in twelve years , and yet he remembered the little things , the quirks of the place , as if it were yesterday .
i do nt know why you re giv you do nt know a fucking thing !
i do nt know the first thing about kids , she thought .
and the last thing she wanted to hear on the day of the closing was that her dream home had such a stigmatism .
the first thing that one needs to be aware is that purchasing old wines has a risk factor .
there s a thing about drinking aged wine .
initially , the group of early - twenties girls who served as flirtatious waitresses found carl 's announcement of ` ` stepped - up security '' to be the most absurd thing ever heard .
if you have n't figured it out already , the picture of clueless parents who are lost in a teenager 's world of technology is a thing of the past .
the only thing he asks for -- the only thing he demands -- is a face to face meeting with a parent and a signed waiver freeing him from any and all liabilities .
the only thing he asks for -- the only thing he demands -- is a face to face meeting with a parent and a signed waiver freeing him from any and all liabilities .
your apology does nt change a thing !
they were the only other thing besides my tags , that proved i was us property , that and my m16 .
beneath a zombies back lay intrigue , the shiny thing that captured my attention .
then she started killing other girls she did n't like , she said it was mostly ' more burnouts ' but they never did a thing , never so much had the heart to swat a fly .
all the while the guest had been smiling more and more broadly , and as carter slipped into blankness the last thing she saw was that dark odious face convulsed with evil laughter and something quite unspeakable where one of the two frontal puffs of that orange turban had become disarranged with the shakings of that epileptic mirth .
soon , however , she saw that this theory would not hold ; for the shape of the thing above the mountains was not that of any hippocephalic bird .
of course , those dreams were about my grandmother not a tunnel or some other metaphorical thing .
what about the mirror thing ?
it was the one thing my father left us with , well that , and a rather large savings account .
ix the next thing i remember is this hospital , where i even now am writing down what i am sure will be my last words .
but my reputation does nt mean a thing if i m dead .
the first thing i saw upon opening it was a sheet of paper , with a note from the still - living professor : dear brockton , i am sorry to say that your father did not leave this world with much , and he left it with even less to leave to you .
the last thing i remembered before i lapsed into unconsciousness was the things dark laughter , and its darker promise .
the one thing i aspire to most of all , is uncle dylan 's claim that very skilled members of the priesthood possess the ability to change their shape , shifting as he calls it , into the form of any animal they have previously gained control over .
it is pitch black outside and i ca n't see a thing .
it was echoed from saleve , the juras , and the alps of savoy ; vivid flashes of lightning dazzled my eyes , illuminating the lake , making it appear like a vast sheet of fire ; then for an instant every thing seemed of a pitchy darkness , until the eye recovered itself from the preceding flash .
the only thing walter did nt know was what happened to the flightless flies after he got bored and ran away .
the glass was pretty clear with very little distortion but vic could nt hear a thing , even as the man kissed his ladys neck .
and only then did it occur to me that for everything i worried about in life , the only thing i yearned for in my death was love .
only thing i care about is paying lars back and having a little left over .
the others look on in horror , unable to do a damn thing but build up enough speed to get out of here .
i am not completely nave you knowand your father taught me a thing or two as well .
she knew exactly how this looked from his perspective and , at the moment , there was nt a damn thing that she could do to fix it .
she knew a thing or two about tools , after all .
the only thing she leaves out is the music .
yes , said vern , but if our guns fail us , and you can find any way to slice one of their heads off without getting touched , then a knife may be the only thing between you and life as one of the undead .
it was such a horrible little thing , but i loved it .
but we take that sort of thing with a grain of salt .
nibbles relief was a palpable thing .
shelley still did not understand about the whole arm thing .
of course , none of the bric - a - brac would mean a thing if the food was nt so great - great not only in size , but in quantity the portions were generous and you never left hungry .
but i try to look beyond them to see the whole of a thing .
sacrifice is an awful thing .
gil remembers because gil never forgets a thing about this town .
she thought about that for a moment and told him that she had nt spent much time in middlebury and did nt know much about it except that there were a couple of really cute stores off the main road and that she had bought her mother a set of salt and pepper shakers that were supposed to be ufos according to the guy who made them and she believed that they could be ufos and that s why she bought them for her mother because he mother loved all things alien .
there was just something about the guy deputy marsters did nt like and he knew that if he could get him for one thing , he would find all the other things to get him for and maybe he would be able to get him to the office and fingerprint him and run his prints and find out he was some kind of sexual deviant or convict .
it did nt do a thing .
there was no way he could know every little thing , but he did know that he loved his wife and he missed her still and would trade just about anything for one more game of stupid monopoly with her .
another thing seemed slightly odd to him .
and for a moment he was ready to turn and walk away , but something inside of himthe same thing that had nt let him take his eyes off of her and the same thing that had given him the courage to follow after hermade him stay .
the last thing the officer had remembered was the pain that had surged through his body from one of the creatures as it had bit him .
now , as they looked out across what was left of the few pews near the front the only thing that remotely resembled anything like their previous experiences in other churches was the large wooden cross at the front .
he had a mad desire to take meg by the hand and run upstairs , pretend that he had not heard a thing .
it was the same sort of thing that made children ring around some older kid as they described in graphic detail the maggots in a dead dogs head at the side of the road or what their sisters hamster had smelled like after they dug it up a week after it was dead .
he instinctively knew that he had discovered something lyle already knew , that this thing was part of the truth the sheriff was hiding .
the last thing that sam heard was a single , startled scream from his wife .
` ` it 's more of a metaphorical thing .
` ` i do n't have any money , and i ' m sure as hell not giving you the other thing . ''
i did n't regret a thing .
not that my orders mean a thing .
' the slightest thing we teach them will be a great benefit to all , ' brice said , sending his thoughts to all of the mages present not just coba .
i do n't know you who both , i do n't know how you can think a thing of the kind founding yourself on a simple ordinary extra event that has united us . ''
how many people would they burst in a roaring laughter denying as absurd thing the possibility that the ideas and the images given birth by the human mind , are them more refined , can develop one autonomy of theirs freeing himself / herself / itself from their creator and promoting theirs subordinate passive condition to living being endowed with free will ?
was there even such a thing as phantom memory ?
only i beg you a thing : tell me him as you have always done , with the same love with which you narrated me your histories and you made the heroin of it .
there s no such thing as a perfect circle .
the next thing i recall is driving in the car with my father .
or it could be that there s something to this whole chaos magick thing .
the only thing left of her mind was a vague , instinctual memory of something important in the field .
the only thing you get from swallowing air is a belch .
its a very special thing to share with someone , the way .
daniel said , uncle john , fergus told me you think the most important thing in the kitchen is salt .
a broad track led away from the village in the direction they were headed , the first thing close to a road since antioch .
the crucibles are meant to have one or another in mind but the only thing any of them really find is resolve .
and we ' ve come up with a great fun - filled adventurous future for them , so you do n't need to worry about a thing .
but try as she might , she could not feel a thing but cold air .
this transgression of foulness , this blasphemous entity that stood only yards in front of him , was the evil incarnate conception of such things only beheld in the terror - filled nightmares of the hysterically mad and criminally insane .
oh , why d you have to say a thing like that ?
the only thing i recall is the flash of light , another snapshot that could just as easily have come from a camera as from anythingor anywhere -- else .
sure and -- the eyes were the first thing that struck me , the first thing i recognized as human .
the next thing i remember was waking up face down , the back of my neck burning .
the first thing i noticed were the house slippers , old ragged pieces of shit it looked like he pulled out of a dollar general dumpster .
the only interesting thing at all were the boxes .
duane remained standing , talking in a voice so low i could nt make out a thing .
i hunkered down in the darkness , every nerve on edge as i could nt see a damn thing , acutely aware of the single sound i could make out in the cavernous dark : the tell - tale buzz of a phone left off the hook .
but i see you possess in full the thing he believed of himself .
but this new thing was different .
that s the thing i still ca nt understand , but it was plain as my face in the mirror .
the only thing visible is sand .
and , incredibly , the first thing i recognize is the lack of what i ve remembered up until now .
and the sense of desperation ( that palpable object that hangs upon her memory like the weight of the albatross around the ancient mariners neck , that thing that gives the only color to the photographic still - shots left to take up room in my brain ) is gone .
henry did nt say a thing , presumably he was used to people whispering around him .
my nerves frayed , i finally managed to make two cups of stewed tea and prepare a plate of stale dundee cake , the only thing i d found which could pass as cake .
love is a powerful thing .
he always tuned out when dana started to ask questions about how the wolf packs operated , because it tended to be entwined in a lot of family storieschristmas traditions , the time little laura lost her first tooth , that kind of thing .
` ` i do n't know a thing about films . ''
he peered up at the light hoping its source would answer some questions but he could nt see a thing .
he could nt see a thing and now he was alone again .
this spiritual timing thing was something josh was nt sure if he d ever get used to .
a child is almost defenseless against that kind of thing . ''
also , the majority of that weight sat up at one end which fucked with the logical balance of the thing .
she screamed , hammering on every button ; the one marked with an alarm bell did n't do a thing .
` ` i do n't know a blasted thing about upstairs if that 's what you 're asking .
with an incensed scream of anguish ( i think ... i ca n't say for certain since i did n't hear a thing ) she gave up talking and whipped a handgun from between her legs .
but the first thing that set my nerves to raw was how the place was quiet as a turkey graveyard .
he did nt know the first thing about her .
the last thing left to them was their souls ; but he fed on those as well .
the power of the destroyer was the purest thing of all -- pure annihilation .
beyond the rudimentary sword skills , the one elf taught him a thing or two with the singularity .
and the progs did nt have a fucking thing to do with it .
i mean , i did nt know a damn thing about art , but it was pretty nice .
i did nt know a damn thing about arson investigations .
if your company had spent a little on the upkeep and maybe done a few improvements , i could see asking that price for it , but its obvious that y all have nt done a damn thing to it other than let it sit here and rot away .
it was overwhelming how dark the grand was a night with no lights , mike could nt see a thing as he stretched out his hands feeling his way down the hall in the darkness .
he sat the chocolates and the roses over on the bedside table thinking that juanita had put them there and thought that it was a nice touch , but he was nt really interested in such things .
the only thing he could see were beams of light flashing in all directions .
` ` yep , but that 's not the only thing i found . ''
table of contents parallel the secret of the multiverse is the kind of thing you d expect to be held by a sect of mysterious buddhist monks , or at least a deep - thinking philosopher , but i learned it in school- at the satellite university .
the only thing she would miss was a toilet .
he 's the closest thing i have to a friend , and he makes my loneliness bearable .
i ca nt see a damn thing back here .
catty conversations around water coolers were a thing of the past .
there are nt very many people left who know a thing or two about medicine .
time was wasting , but this was the closest thing to quality time that she had with her husband nowadays .
` ` she says the whole dead coming back to life thing is really stressing her out . ''
the only thing on is news , droning about the situation in europe .
one that is dangerously dark , brooding , and does n't know a thing about the supernatural .
trust me , nobody will suspect a thing .
she called out to me on the bus , not because were friends , or because she wanted to play some embarrassing joke on me , because i m the only thing familiar to her in this mess .
we do this kind of thing all the time .
the only thing i have is a vague idea of where it is .
i ' m just seeing this whole lack of baby thing as a personal assault .
it 's like chuck said , denial is a brutal thing .
we ve been groundskeepers here as long as there been a here and we learned a thing or two .
not a thing convenient about it , detective .
i no longer recognized her voice , see ; that soulful pennsylvanian drawl had become a husky , croakin , inhuman thing .
in the eyes of the older woman , i saw the one thing i did not see in the eyes of the young child .
i may have died a little girl but i have learned a thing or two since entering the mist .
the only thing that ryan could see from above the temple was rock , the only good thing about this discovery is that meant that there was only one way in or out for the demons as well .
sadly , she has nt forgotten the mark - on - the - wall thing since this morning .
i ca nt see a damn thing in here .
i am still struggling to work out this plane to plane existence thing .
what about the jesus thing .
that is indeed a fantastic thing to learn .
but she could not feel a thing .
well , its an i do nt know the first thing about fishing thing .
he heard the bones crack , saw the second finger bend backwards , but the moan rolled forth as steady as if the man did nt feel a thing .
the next thing he looked for was the safety .
colin shook his headshe found joy in the simplest of things , it was refreshing , like the crisp smell of evergreens in a wooded snowy forest .
the first thing she saw , surrounded in candlelight , was maxs desk , covered with another black embroidered cloth .
she thought she was so smart , but she did nt know a thing .
that was when i realized that perhaps the man with the light inside him was right , and i should not tell cyrus a thing .
all was quiet , until he said , ` ` is this the most intimate thing you have in your life ? ''
the poisonous one - if there was such a thing as a poisonous butterfly - would be the one more wondrous dead .
i do apologize for being so blunt , but you do n't know a damn thing about what 's out there . ''
another thing shed lost that he had nt .
that its a real thing , and that s why its taught in almost every college in the land .
the only thing that was clear was a blackness that snaked around the periphery of her blurred vision .
if it was nt for the full time cook her father had employed year round lucy would have never known there was such a thing as place settings and silverware .
extra quick healing seemed to be the only thing shed gotten from her son .
` ` i did n't hear a thing last night , '' said mrs . o'malley .
` ` the last thing i remember was wishing it were daytime , wishing i was on my way to breakfast .
` ` we of the old country , i think we have a sense of these things .
the only thing he thought was missing was the diary .
so you do nt know a damn thing that s going on here ?
the only thing that let him know he was still actually going anywhere were the dim silhouettes of the trees and the muffled crunch of the damp leaves under his feet .
first thing you need to know is that you re in danger , and every time you see that kid the danger increases .
and the first thing he saw as he recovered his sight was leon .
as you can probably imagine , after tens of thousands of years , that kind of thing can really get on ones nerves .
i ve given you a local anesthetic so you should nt feel a thing .
please tell me what you know about this thing mr . wilson .
the ongoing lessons were both interesting and enlightening in their jungle street mentality sort of way , but to a kid like angelo the most important thing that he had learned from vincent to date , was literally in the form of ten measly bucks .
in an instant , he understood a great many things , that on this level of reality he and the guns were one , that the thing he had to do was -- - -- -but the hitman never got that all important answer , because the bartender had sensed angelo had slipped out of the mirror and back into his body , and it was here that the barkeep sang his own song , an alien chant that lulled the hitman back into a realm of reflection where yesterday confessed the kinds of secrets a man like angelo had no interest to declare .
antonio looked at the letter and read the whole thing aloud in his dull , flat voice , making the whole thing seem even creepier .
all he had known was that it was the most wonderful thing he d heard in his life , and he had readily agreed .
no one had heard a thing about vampires before , nor really understood what was going on when we were attacked .
its the damndest thing .
if we go during the daytime , they ll never suspect a thing .
there is no such thing as eternal life , nor safety from danger , hoss said .
trowler fell to his knees with the pain , the last thing he saw was taskers knee as it came smashing up into his face .
there is no such thing as a comforting scream , but there is something about the scream of a woman , the giver of life , the sound of terror carried in every octave .
i can not feel a thing .
i just hope its the real thing and not that acidic stuff we had the other night .
there is no such thing as ownership except for what you ve got with you .
the only thing we did nt get yet was a tanker of gas for the generator , henry said .
the weirdest thing is the condition of the body , hanks said .
this is a difficult thing for a child to understand , but it is a growing experience as well .
but the most alarming thing was the way it bent the tree , binding the branches to a single point .
the first curious thing we found was a title deed to land on ypsilon .
the only thing they have is hazy footage of something on the street just seconds after the blast . ''
after all , the only thing she asked about was the puzzle .
i have nt changed a thing in my diet .
marie shuffled her feet and said , you guys must have really believed in the whole witchcraft thing to so readily accuse her of being a witch .
i m a new man and it does n't mean a damn thing .
she had fed the stray before so it would nt suspect a thing .
the first thing he saw was five cases of soft drinks stacked neatly in a corner by the steps .
you do nt know a thing about me , he said .
` ` as you said , trust is a hard thing to come by .
` ` but oh , my friend , faith is a wonderful thing .
` ` and that 's the thing you got wrong , freddy .
regardless , the next thing came as a complete surprise .
uh huh , he thought , the same old black woman he d met every time ( she did nt seem to remember a goddamn thing ) sat heavily behind the walnut - covered veneer , her head bent down in an intense examination of the latest national enquirer .
the only thing on the walls was a thin bookshelf stuffed into a corner , badly in need of dusting .
i do nt know the first thing about choosing which village to take or which pass to hold .
i had no knowledge of such a thing .
one thing we must credit them for at least , is the courage to do that much .
it seemed solid enough , not that she knew a damn thing about engineering , but what the hell .
because , in point of fact , that was the very thing he thought the man had come for when percy announced him .
the only thing she heard , the only thing she sought , was the source of that tiny , frightened voice .
the only thing she heard , the only thing she sought , was the source of that tiny , frightened voice .
he actually laughed then , a high - pitched humorless thing .
then she was past it and the only thing before her remained the womans house .
but the worst thing , the very worst , was the fact that he had no idea how or even why he knew any of these things .
for all things now and the terrible lost things shed never realize again , only pine after them until her dying day .
that was another thing eduardo had not realized .
and as he has pointed out to me , the one thing about being a certified and paranoid psychopath is that you do nt consider such things as deformities when the blood in your veins is boiling over .
sam was n't certain of most things pat shared , but from what stella had said he now felt certain that the main food supply of the country was dr.ugged .
that kind of thing had fascinated me as a kid in my history lessons .
i ca nt see more than two to three inches further than my nose but there is nt a thing that i can do about it just yet .
` ` i hope you had not slept yet , '' farhan shouted , and i quickly ran away , the thing did n't strike my mind so much .
` ` see he has written ` ` p '' ashlesh , is he having a one more name before ash '' ? i asked to make the things light .
we shook our heads and then went towards the room there was no one there and we reached safely to the bed , the next two days went the same , goku got failed some times but the progress was remarkable , farhan and i proved ourselves as the experienced player of the game , and our trainer was quite happy with us , our time was over but goku was now also lacking in the game , when we were moving back to the campus we gave him a long lecture on the thing , as how we should hold the gun and concentrate but i am sure that he was giving an ear to our words only to keep us happy , there was not a thing which he would have learned from it .
we shook our heads and then went towards the room there was no one there and we reached safely to the bed , the next two days went the same , goku got failed some times but the progress was remarkable , farhan and i proved ourselves as the experienced player of the game , and our trainer was quite happy with us , our time was over but goku was now also lacking in the game , when we were moving back to the campus we gave him a long lecture on the thing , as how we should hold the gun and concentrate but i am sure that he was giving an ear to our words only to keep us happy , there was not a thing which he would have learned from it .
` ` the only thing that strikes again and again in my mind was that it was something related to her only , i do n't know why this happened but it had but i was not sure about it '' .
` ` but the things were all fine there we did n't feel any thing different and rather goku slept on the tree branches , everything was fine '' farhan said .
i was in a real worry at that time '' i do n't know what the things are you talking about but just remember one thing , the best will come to you when you will give the best of yourself , let the horses of life get free and believe in that almighty the things will go on in the way you would have not thought of '' .
the happiness which was coming from inside myself was really boosting , those two persons were having the ice cream with such a great joy as its the best thing which they had ever eaten in their life , i moved my hands in my pocket to give the stall keeper his payment but did n't found anything .
` ` why you are feeling depressed again the thing that we are going there matters , we will be also a part of that great expedition what else we want and also the most important thing , we will learn new things do n't you feel its good ? ` ` .
he was reading these words from the book which was opened on the table in front of him , but the thing were quite interesting .
we reached our room soon and had a good sleep that night , the next morning was the second last morning of ours in the college at least for some days , but making our morning bad in spite of a big lecture the last evening , farhan said a thing that gave a new problem to our already over flowing mind .
` ` do n't you think of giving something else to us , we do n't need to improve our english skills , we need matter of our speech do n't you understand this simple thing . ''
as he said this , we covered our heads with our hands , if he was having the thing then why he was giving such a stupid thing to us , the feeling that came at that time was generally saying that either we should hit our heads with a stone or we should hit his head .
` ` then please show me your content let me have a look of it '' he said and took the papers from me sorry more probably to say snatched from me .for the next few minutes there were many expressions on his face , and the last one was telling us that he had not at all accepted such a great thing from us .
` ` may be you are right but as much as i am aware about this place there is something which we are not able to understand , and remember may your criminal would be very smart but he will leave some signs for you , the only thing which you require to understand is your concentration and you will not find this in your books ever , '' mr ashlesh said .
` ` nothing great , i do n't know why it happens but i am feeling very close to my friend , '' sir said a thing which make me to put some pressure on my mind , though i was not at all believing in god 's or these spiritual things but at that moment my fortune was forcing me to change my thinking for a while , we moved away from that house , i did not try to look behind also , after few minutes we were far ahead from it , i gave a look to my watch it was three am .
` ` we asked though we were knowing the whole things of that place .
` ` few years back , there used to live a man happily with his family , he was having a good life but one day the village head who was a very rich man tried to pick up his land which was the only source of income for his family , his position was not at all so good that he can stop that man , a person decided to help him , he killed the village headman , the person and his family were very pleased with him and asked if they could also do something for him , that man demanded that he should also join him and they will work together for the society , the man agreed happily , and they helped a number of persons but one day his mind changed though he had helped many but we were the criminals only in the eyes of all , so why to do that , from that day onwards the person got separated from the other one and got on the wrong path '' he stopped here only , but the next thing which he was going to say was more hair raising .
i know this is the end of the world , and there probably is nt a damned thing i can do about it .
he was learning more from his argument with her than he felt he would learn should she tell him what the damned thing was about anyway .
it is getting dark enough that i ca n't see a thing .
could nt feel a thing .
oh its just a few copies of some rare old books , you know , family heirlooms , that kind of thing .
it was pitch - black , he could n't see a thing , there were girls voices , they sounded familiar but he could n't quite place them .
she had nt forgotten a thing .
it was the first thing shed demanded on returning .
lorz replied that he did nt remember a thing about her idea .
the only thing i heard was the metallic humming sound of the cold storage cases .
` ` if everything is on a need - to - know basis , no one would ever know a goddamn thing .
argyle did nt know a thing about his venture to the west .
this was the next best thing to having him there in person .
she no longer knew him or a single thing .
the finger looked like it was giving directions in the fourth dimension and i did nt feel a damn thing .
it was right about then i figured there was two ways to look at this thing .
my knowledge of the thing began in the winter of 1926 - 27 with the death of my great - uncle , george gammell angell , professor emeritus of semitic languages in brown university , providence , rhode island .
of course i did n't do a thing .
why , i would n't have a child of mine , an impressionable little thing , live in such a room for worlds .
jennie wanted to sleep with methe sly thing !
the shaking willows and the heavy buffetings of the wind against our taut little house were the last things i remembered as sleep came down and covered all with its soft and delicious forgetfulness .
` ` for one thing -- the steering paddle 's gone , '' he said quietly .
` ` queer thing .
at that time my virtue slumbered ; my evil , kept awake by ambition , was alert and swift to seize the occasion ; and the thing that was projected was edward hyde .
the fact is , it 's rather a peculiar sort of thing , and i have n't shown it to any one .
the last thing i heard was this mingling of dreadful sound , as again i was seized in the giant grasp and dragged away , while the hailstones beat on me and the air around seemed reverberant with the howling of wolves .
accordingly i approached , for the first time a little alarmed ; for , although i felt very weak , i did not feel ill ; and strength , one always fancies , is a thing that may be picked up when we please .
this might be the new thing you re looking for , llorona said .
that s right , buddy , you ca nt do a thing .
there s not a damned thing in this !
i did nt do a thing , woman .
she was still on the line , but was n't saying a thing .
in this instance , a $ 2,500 bill was the furthest thing from my mind as i approached the scale house .
she screamed in pain , but the only thing coming out was muffled voices .
these rules do nt mean a thing if they re not applied to everyone .
can ghosts do such a thing ?
i had to sit her down and explain a few things to her that her dear , sweet mother , if she ever had one , never did explain .
and he has nt eaten a thing that i know of since he came back .
i did nt want to tell you , because ... well , because its so damned stupid and does nt mean a thing , really .
i do nt hear a thing .
* * * * * a black scorpion several inches long was the first thing the young man saw as he opened his eyes .
maybe you can learn a thing or two .
it killed the cat curiosity is a strange thing .
a smile was such a simple thing .
amber 's suggestion was probably the best thing alex heard in weeks .
` ` pinot noir ... '' outside of merlot , alex did n't know the first thing about wine .
the next thing i recall is laying down on a gurney and staring into the night sky .
and there was some older stuff too which is the kind of thing i really dig .
i regained my balance before i turned my attention to the closed doors which were the only thing which stood between me and the first floor .
the first thing my eyes comprehended was the dark shape of a man .
i sat entirely transfixed by the little thing .
hold on , there s another thing , i interrupted her .
i know a lot of things about you , jonas pine , i practically spit the name out .
he could nt see a damn thing and said so .
and it turned out that she did show them a thing or two about shooting the bow .
passive entertainment was a thing of the past .
his growing into something like adulthood had nt changed a thing .
the only thing that sven could hear was the faint whirr of the overhead fans and the buzz of the fluorescent lights .
but he did nt regret a thing .
he would never know how far i had come , the lengths i had went to in the name of our love , in the name of the only sacred thing that i knew .
they never meant a thing to him , until he met her .
the only thing keeping her from pushing through were the tiny wires holding the safety glass intact .
she did nt seem to notice a thing .
he could nt feel a thing .
he did nt hear a thing .
` ` you have been here for four days and have n't eaten a thing .
` ` and another thing , '' she said .
they do n't suspect a thing . ''
when she emerged the first thing she saw were waves violently crashing against the side of the yacht .
you were talking with a friend of yours about bad dreams you were having , sleeping problems , that sort of thing . ''
the first thing we installed were aluminum work benches .
the next thing i remembered was the coarse , needle - like grass poking into my back .
i searched through about four pages and the only thing i learned was that the house was bought and sold many times .
war is a horrible thing , he said with bitterness .
josh did not protest and secretly hoped that he would faint and show the guard a thing or two .
josh was snoring by the time he got there and he could n't help but think of it as the cutest thing .
the only thing he did n't understand about himself was : a : why he had no heart beat , yet he could still bleed and pump blood throughout his body .
they do n't feel a thing . ''
you understand this first thing ? ''
` ` i ca n't talk now , z-5 , call later '' '' that type of thing .
he knew that was the only thing missing because he was the one who went back and took it . ''
i say they but , outside of phil , anne and maybe frank , no one there knew the least thing about it .
` ` i did n't feel a thing and neither did my friend . ''
she does n't ask a thing of him ; not a thing .
she does n't ask a thing of him ; not a thing .
for all my talk , i thought ; for all my celebrated awareness , i was as astounded by this as if i 'd never sensed a thing .
does n't know a thing , not a thing .
does n't know a thing , not a thing .
this he learned in the marines , and he sometimes thinks it is the most important thing he did learn there .
the thing you wo n't talk to dervish about .
lets say grandma blake was praying for me about the whole raising - zombies - from - the - grave thing .
the nice admin was talking to jason , who was making small noises at her and not hearing a thing .
he had nt done a thing , really .
it took me a long time to realize that flirting for you and nathaniel , and even jean - claude , does nt always mean a damn thing .
i guess it was that whole married thing .
people talk of sorrow as if it is soft , a thing of water and tears .
true sorrow is a thing of fire , and rock .
vivian beamed up at him and you did n't have to know a thing about them to see that she loved him .
there should have been time to look into his handsome face , admire the cornrowed hair and all that he offered , but the one thing we did n't have was time .
` ` does she have a file of this kind of thing ? ''
besides , the dress did n't hide a damn thing , so my breasts being obvious should have been the least of my worries .
he told himself it was impossible to remember a thing like that , given all that had been going on , then realized he could .
the telepathy thing . ''
` ` you agree that they 're rebooting , like computers whose hard drives have been - ` ` ` ` - wiped , yes , yes , '' dan said , as if this were the most elementary thing in the world .
the only thing he forgot is that cell phones do n't work beyond the place where they put up their goddam conversion tents !
the kid is egotistical enough to think he or she is the first person in the world to discover some particular thing ( usually it 's a girl , but it does n't have to be ) , and the parents are too scared and stupid and possessive to want to let go of the halter .
' that 's one thing you missed , son . '
he had tried to thump her on the back because that 's what you did when someone was choking , there was no such thing as a heimlich manoeuvre because it had n't been invented yet , and besides , that was how it was supposed to end , only not in the car ... beside the road ... in his arms ...
that other thing was a shameful sort of betrayal .
but i ' ve wondered why she would do it the way she did - and i ' ve wondered how a woman who did n't know the slightest thing about cars would know enough to get the hose and attach it to the exhaust pipe and put it in through the window .
that constant sense of betrayal , though ... that was a snakelike thing , both a shame and a crazy sort of goad .
' but - ' ' for one thing , they would n't believe you .
' i 'd like to get them , jimmy , that 's the thing .
if such behavior is to be , it can not be as a result of an intellectual moral stance ; it is because there is such a thing as love , merely a practical fact , a practical force in human affairs .
what 's this jew thing ? ''
she fell to her knees beside him , held out her hands as if measuring then dug a little distance to the right of the handlebars the first thing she found was the boss 's helmet .
they actually replaced the mom - tar , is n't that the most amazing thing you ever heard ? ''
as always , he first stared into the darkness in the center of his clasped hands , and as always , the first thing it reminded him of was an eye - a hole like an eye .
as a kid he 'd probably just been responding to changes in the air - pressure as the storm approached , or electricity in the air , or some other damned thing .
the lushan brothers saw a man and a woman fucking each other - i have to use that word , it was the furthest thing in the world from making love- with one of the statues held between them .
when it comes to pussy , he thinks , you either go or you don 9 t , there 's no such thing as saving it for another day .
oh my god , jonesy thought , as it came back to him - the one thing about that first hunting trip to hole in the wall that he had forgotten ... or suppressed .
for one thing , he did n't like thinking of himself as ' mr gray ' - that was not his concept of himself or the species - mind of which he was a part ; he did not even like to think of himself as ' he ' , for he was both sexes and neither .
' how i know is the least important thing of all , owen - but you know i ' m not lying .
the only thing henry could make out clearly was the panic in the voices .
the mind - reading thing was just so spooky .
the only thing that worried him was that single burst of fire .
` ` i think there 's more to it than the choking thing and the butter - knife thing . ''
` ` i think there 's more to it than the choking thing and the butter - knife thing . ''
one thing was beyond doubt : i was hungry .
i was already liking the sound of that other - life thing .
just six words , and they made no more sense than the thing about the leaking table , but still they brought gooseflesh out on my arms and turned the hair on the nape of my neck into hackles .
as for the seizure thing ... sorry , edgar , i just do n't believe it . ''
what i wanted from sandy was confirmation that the only thing calling me had been a glossy brochure , one that had probably been shown to potential renters with deep pockets all over the united states .
` ` there it is , edgar , a thing many claim does not exist : the brain of a lawyer .
i thought about telling him i had n't done a damn thing .
` ` she said the thing about daughters twice , and she was n't fogged out either time . ''
mr . hitchens had been its name , although i no longer knew why memory 's a funny thing , is n't it ?
` ` the whole thing , or- '' ` ` that remains to be seen . ''
the beaches are the only thing that 's the same , and the sea oats , of course ... like the hem of a skirt .
nan melda , the closest thing to a mother libbit ever knew .
down one branch are the it's - like - riding - a - bicycle skills ; things which , once learned , are almost never forgotten .
re - creating real life is even beyond the thing from the gulf .
i had told him the truth , but sometimes the last thing you want when you 're grieving is truth .
until he throttled the life out of her i could n't command him to do a damn thing .
any slightest thing ?
' if that green thing was its brain , what do you suppose is in its head ?
this was something else , though , a third thing .
at their farthest stretch , her exploring fingers encountered the rounded edge of a glass object that was by far the biggest thing she had touched .
it does n't do a thing about getting me outof this fucking jailhouse jewelry , though , and that 's still my top priority.does anyone disagree with that ?
she thought , and it was the answer - not a goddam thing , thanks very much - that finished the job of bringing her back to full wakefulness .
so she dialed new today , new tomorrow , the loose association of counsellors with which nora had been affiliated , and was shocked to silence when the receptionist told her nora had died of leukemia the year before - some weird , sly variant which had hidden successfully in the back alleys of her limbic system until it was too late to do a damned thing about it .
for a moment she had n't any idea what could have made meggie look that way , and then it came to her - a thing so obvious it was easy to overlook .
it 's a special thing , trisha - the thing that waits for the lost ones .
` ` if there ever was a special thing , '' trisha said , ` ` it 's gone now .
she had asked tom about ` ` that pointin thing . ''
he was n't going to do a thing until he got the feel of the place .
` ` does n't mean a thing , '' barrett told her .
` ` that goddamn pile of junk is n't going to do a goddamn thing but make a lot of noise ... assuming that it works at all .
i have n't done a thing all week .
the only thing he could n't understand was why belasco - so diabolically efficient when it came to plotting florence 's and barrett 's overthrow - had chosen such an inefficient way to finish him .
it was the closest thing i had to a tell , as they say in poker .
but you and every other son of a bitch here is going to believe what they believe , and there 's not a damn thing i can do about it .
i searched his face , and the only thing i saw there was need , almost hunger .
` ` you ca n't know any such thing . ''
he had finally escaped to wichita state college , but apparently there was no such thing as a complete escape , because he continued to hear her voice in dreams : come here , tommy .
that was more satisfactory , but footnotes are peculiar things , you know - like footpaths twisting through a wild and anarchic country .
i quizzed several junior - high students who are taking the required maine - history course , and none of them knew a thing about it .
even then he has only the most academic idea of what blindness is ; only the formerly sighted have a real grip on the thing .
` ` do n't see a thing , '' he said .
her sister , my aunt jean , was a miserly bitch who had to keep telling you what your place in the great scheme of things was , how lucky we were that my mom had a sister who could give us charity , how lucky we were not to be on welfare , all that sort of thing .
` ` he did n't say a thing at first - just swung a roundhouse and knocked me flat on my back .
but i still say it does n't mean a damn thing . ''
no reason for thinking that ... except that intuition thing again . ''
` ` well , the only thing you need to know about water draining is that it will go wherever it can .
but all the same , there was such a thing as propriety .
come on back and we 'll see if you remember the simplest thing of all : how it is to be children , secure in belief and thus afraid of the dark .
when it had burst up into the house on neibolt street , meaning to kill them all , vaguely uneasy that it had not been able to do so already ( and surely that unease had been the first new thing ) , something had happened which was totally unexpected , utterly unthought of , and there had been pain , pain , great roaring pain all through the shape it had taken , and for one moment there had also been fear , because the only thing it had in common with the stupid old turtle and the cosmology of the macroverse outside the puny egg of this universe was just this : all living things must abide by the laws of the shape they inhabit .
` ` you do n't know any such thing ! ''
` ` can y - y - you guys see a - any thing ? ''
it would give them a place from which to grasp this terrible , ungraspable thing .
and it came to me that saying about how a broken spoon can become a fork is a beautiful thing to behold .
you know how a thing like that gets on the tip of your tongue ? ''
love 's a mystery to everyone except the poets , i guess , and nobody sane can understand a thing they write about it .
` ` and if i know dervish , he has n't told you a thing about me , right ? ''
` ` the last thing i remember is following dervish - then nothing . ''
that 's the only thing left in the world that i still want , i suppose . ''
` ` that 's one thing i really want to know .
if he was flying first class and a stewardess stuck a plate of it in front of him , he ate it and then forgot there was such a thing as caviar until the next time a stewardess stuck a plate of it in front of him .
those feelings : the uptilt and downslant of the deck , the thudding of the waves on the hull , the feel of the wood under his feet ... those things lingered with him , although he guessed ( with a feeling of real sorrow ) that they would pass , as dreams pass .
he feltfar again - far away from castle rock , far away from needful things , even far away from himself the only things which were real in this far place were mr . gaunt 's wide , dark eyes .
7 the next thing he was aware of was mr . gaunt shooing him gently out onto main street , telling him how much he had enjoyed meeting him , and asking him to tell his mother and all his friends that he had been well treated and fairly dealt with .
he wanted to know about the town , and what the flow of traffic was like on main street during the winter , and if there was a place nearby where he could shop for a nice little jotul stove , and insurance rates , and a hundred other things he produced a narrow black leather notebook from the pocket of the blue blazer he wore and gravely noted down each name she mentioned she looked down at her plate and saw that she had finished all of her cake .
there was , after all , such a thing as manners .
don knows a thing or three about campaigning , but i bet he 's finding out that it 's a lot harder to swing public opinion where religion is involved . ''
another thing he understood was that , when polly 's hands were bad , life became a series of small , hellacious combats for her ; the ordinary events of an ordinary life transformed themselves into a series of gruelling obstacles to be surmounted , and the penalty for failure was embarrassment as well as pain .
that thing inside , that fundamental thing , was still movlonugt .
polly did n't believe the thermal gloves would do a thing ... but nettle 's obvious concern had already had its effect .
nettle is - wasmay have been - i do n't know - vague about some things , but i could n't hide a thing from her . ''
` ` the healer must be about his appointed rounds , releasing the chains of illness which bind the body and ... '' his grin , a thing of raised eyebrows and clenched , jostling teeth , sprang forth .
i suppose the thing that itches the worst is the way the time - table of the crime works ... or does n't work .
i know all about that peculiar thing people call ' pride of possession . '
anyway , i do n't feel a thing .
how could i have forgotten a thing like that ?
what 's the one thing in all the world , the one useless thing , that you want so badly that you get it mixed up with needing it ?
nathan another eight - hour day that did n't mean a damn thing .
memory is a pretty subjective thing , red .
but still ... memory is such a goddam subjective thing .
years later i saw exactly what he meant ... and when i did , the first thing i thought of was normaden , and about how he 'd said it was always cold in andy 's cell .
parents ' backs are n't the most dreadful thing .
there was such a thing as responsibility .
and the next thing he remembered was lying on the path by himself .
let me tell you one other thing before i tell you exactly what i think .
tell your story just as though you i d never heard a thing in the night .
if he does n't , we 're faced with the thing that bothers me . '
his son , who knew other things , knew that ash was for men - things - like him .
and his thirst for revenge must be overmastering , a thing to be trembled at , but perhaps also a thing to be used . '
` ` the only thing that probably did n't make it into a report was the fact that vittorio could hide from other masters of the city . ''
some metaphysical thing that olaf would n't see , or the doc , but i 'd know what it was ?
the first thing my eyes saw was darkness .
it was such a weird thing to ask that i was n't angry , just puzzled .
the next thing we heard was a full - out officer down call .
bibiana was coming , but there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
he opened the door and did , without asking another thing .
i was standing feet away from him , and i had n't felt a damn thing .
i ' m not sure there 's really such a thing anymore , though .
how could the boy possibly know a thing like that ?
it was the thing that would be forgotten , danny thought with dreamy surprise .
hands were on him and at first he shrank back , thinking that the dark thing in the overlook of tony 's world had somehow followed him back into the world of real things - and then dr . edmonds was saying : ` ` you 're all right , danny .
ominous quiet , yes , that phrase was the real thing , anyway .
from outside you could screw up your eye seven ways to sunday and still not see a thing .
his shock crackled across two thousand miles of telephone cable without losing a thing .
the most frightening thing , vaporous and unmentioned , perhaps unmentionable , was that all of jack 's drinking symptoms had come back , one by one ... all but the drink itself .
` ` i do n't hear a goddamned thing except that elevator having a case of the electrical hiccups .
it was as if another overlook now lay scant inches beyond this one , separated from the real world ( if there is such a thing as a ` ` real world , '' jack thought ) but gradually coming into balance with it .
it is n't just jack , he 's just the one solid thing in all of this you can hang the other things on , the things you ca n't believe and yet are being forced to believe , that thing about the hedges , the party favor in the elevator , the mask ) she tried to stop the thought but it was too late .
life is a fine thing , nick , but old age takes an unpleasantly high toll on one 's dearly held prejudices , i find . ''
` ` hi , y' all , '' he said , ` ` this is ray flowers on ' speak your piece , ' and this morning i guess there 's only one thing to call about , is n't there ?
the thing he remembered most from that book was a phrase : ` ` going tharn , '' or just ` ` tharn . ''
and nick put his hands over his face because he wanted all the things the black manshape had shown him from this high desert place : cities , women , treasure , power .
it seemed like that was another thing the young people did n't know .
nothing night before last ( the night after our discussion ) ; slept like a baby and ca n't remember a thing .
his woman , a pretty little thing with eyes like violets , came next .
he thought : it 's got to be hidden , that 's the thing ... if frannie had hidden hers better ... if i had n't read what she really thought of me ... her hypocrisy ... if she had ... harold sat bolt upright in bed , a little cry in his mouth , his eyes wide .
still , he got to the root of the thing in a way none of us thought of , not even glen .
a lot of that is an ugly thing , god knows , but a little applied over all your scruples is an absolute necessity !
it was just a little thing , she had said , a thing they could do without .
this monstrosity had croaked , and jack knew - the way you knew things in dreams - that it was radioactive , and that if it touched him , he would die , too .
and not one of them worth a darned thing , because there was no one to answer them .
this taking - hold was no conscious thing but a simple tightening of the mind , something that was very much phil sawyer and lily cavanaugh .
when jack woke up , the first thing he heard was his father asking , ' hey , did jack disappear or something ? '
' maybe dooom and maybe gloooooom and maybe this and maybe that ... ' he laughed again , as if jack 's fears were the funniest thing he 'd ever heard .
' i just keep it in the car because i do n't know what to do with it - last year , the kids gave me this goosedown thing .
well , there 's really no such thing as a good made - up story , is there ?
' there 's no such thing as the territories , jack . '
the only thing gardener had to tell that morgan had n't gleaned from the man 's first broken outburst was the fact of the old nigger 's presence down on the beach , and he almost could have guessed that .
only thing to be said about it was that he was almost done , and - the kid !
jack sawyer was holding the talisman - that was the next thing richard took in .
the clawson murder looked like a classic gangland hit on a blabbermouth : tongue cut out , penis in the victim 's mouth , lots of blood , lots of pain , yet no one in the building had heard a goddamn thing .
he and liz would nod wisely , as people did when someone was explaining a thing too complex for them to understand , knowing that if they did ask questions , the explanations which followed would be even less comprehensible .
i imagine that if he tapped my subconscious - and for all i know , maybe he already has - he 'd find the same sort of thing .
' not a thing , ' stark replied , ' as you can hear for yourself .
as if to confirm this , stark said : ' not a thing , as you can hear for yourself .
' i have one other thing - i stuck it in my coat pocket so i would n't lose it .
first thing i thought of was bow i do n't store no car like that .
stark 's grin widened , became a thing of pestiferous splendor .
' it does n't explain a goddam thing to me ! '
the lost time was suddenly sitting on him like a load of bricks - a real thing , not just a vague concept .
it does n't do a thing for my judgment .
' but your wife ... ' he realized in a confused sort of way that the only concrete thing he knew about weizak 's personal life was that his mother was living in california .
saddest damn thing you ever heard of .
when the waitress had gone he said , ' this doctor , he says that if you touch something , sometimes you get ideas about where it came from , who might have owned it , that sort of thing . '
and you missed one other thing , johnny .
' you 're not gon na be able to see a damn thing , ' bannerman said .
he had been over his chain of reasoning so often that now , as chancellor and brinkley continued to chronicle the election results , he could have spouted the whole thing word for word .
that is n't a thing i 'd ever flap my jaw about freely , johnny , but if any of those people out there on the lawn - including patty 's mother - want to jump to a lot of stupid conclusions they 'll be invited to shut their mouths about things they do n't understand . '
he was a man with a terrible , godlike power perhaps a curse , as my colleague dr . vann has called it - but he was neither unhinged nor acting upon fantasies caused by cranial pressure - if such a thing is even possible .
it would undermine your whole freewill thing . ''
a moment ago i had n't thought a thing about it .
` ` that is not the same thing . ''
all this spring i ' ve been hearing things about that damned arrowhead thing , none of it good .
` ` we joined hands , children , and if there were times when we wondered what it was all for , or if there was ary such a thing as love at all , it was only because we had heard the wind and the waters on long winter nights , and we were afraid .
she dropped the shovel she had been using and backed away from the thing in the earth c the thing that was no plate , no box , not anything she could understand .
he had been raised to believe god was love , but you had to wonder how loving a god could be when he made men and women smart enough to land on the moon but stupid enough to have to learn there was no such thing as forever over and over again .
the guy was making it sound like the greatest thing since sliced bread , and because he looked as though he really believed it , gardener decided he must be a wheel of a rather small sort , maybe even a spare tire .
standing out here , bobbi 's place held the sort of quiet , pastoral loveliness that the western view at the town line had held for him c it represented all the things gardener wished he had for himself .
that was the first time he had felt this odd sensation of separation from self , of drifting away , or above , his physical body and his physical ( if there was such a thing ) mind .
you 're right , it really is the best thing i ' ve ever written , but it 's still your basic oat opera .
she passed over those things smoothly , saying only that when she came back from her first whole day of work on the thing , she had found peter dead on the front porch .
he had worked fraud and bunco out of augusta for three years , and that was the first thing they taught you .
ev explained that a scuba tank was the last thing he wanted ; he was interested in as much dry - land portability as he could get .
it was n't even much of a coincidence that we 'd both gotten that whitewashing thing by heart .
' and i hope you 'll remember that i never asked to stumble over the goddam thing .
come on , rocky c just one big jolt , you 'll never feel a thing .
a cigarette was dangling from the comer of his mouth , but so far as i could see it was n't doing a thing for his image except making his left eye water .
maybe i understand the thing a little better than you , halleck . '
this way of saying is better because curse is a thing .
what you have is not a thing .
` ` besides , i ca n't very well turn around , '' he said , as if she had suggested that very thing .
and that was really the most ludicrous thing of all , was n't it ?
any one thing he 's been looking to get ? '
that 's the surface of the thing .
he felt the familiar lift in his feelings that came with cutting old ties and moving on - that magical thing that huck had called ' fighting out for the territory . '
within seconds , stetson knew he was in a lot of trouble - and there was n't a damned thing anyone could do about it .
the first thing she hears when she comes through the door is a song being played on a piano .
evil 's a thing of the mind .
it 'll be quick - you 'll start dreamin of heaven before you feel a thing .
i ai n't done a goddamn thing to- she gives her fist a backward swing and slams the rounded base of the bunsen burner against his jaw .
and here 's another thing , she says .
but the only thing he seems to respect in this world is his fraternal bond with moses .
ignatius shakes his head , as though forgiveness were too bulky a thing for two such puny beings to trade between them .
that 's a mighty big concept for such a little redheaded thing like yourself .
it 's a muddled thing , that head of hers .
a thing that was n't there before but now stands undeniable and true .
there is a clicking coming from their throats , as though their tongues and gullets had shrivelled up and speech were now a thing of bone and grit .
perhaps some of them are waking to his voice , the same voice they fell asleep to , and are now wondering what a thing is a story with just a beginning and an end .
i knew it , there you go , igod said , y all want to get in the trick dog training and do nt know the first damn thing about it .
you know , the cheeky little thing called me a silly beggar ?
i struggle with this thing you call humour .
i could go on and on and i know that all he d write back would be crap like that , taunting me and never revealing a damn thing .
i start looking every damn place , as if i ' m suddenly gon na spy something that makes sense of every damn thing .
except now he could nt remember exactly where he d read it or how it went , only being able to recall what he had gleaned to be the central issue of the novel : that not even the best psychiatrists can understand a bloody thing , that if you re nuts you re nuts and that s about it really .
to paul things did nt happen in parallel , there was always a connection , and although he could not at his tender age express it , he felt that there was no such thing as an ' isolated act ' , that everything was interwoven , that events were incestuous .
he wanted to tell his dad how they had nicked the van , how they had managed to get it started , how they had roared away before anybody could suspect a thing .
one thing , though , was clear .
ioth apparently has promised you the honeyed nectar of immortality but you inform him you ve already got that mate , so he offers to make one of you a god , sort of a lotto 649 sort of thing , as it were .
and zam sensed that the firefighters were wondering the same thing .
they both mean either you re not going to do a damn thing for me but sit here saying right on , or you re going to make me do something i do nt want to do , and expect me to be grateful to your sorry ass , because you support me .
maybe there s just one more thing that the father needs to know .
when she refused the champagne drink , which was free , he had done the same and not made a single thing of it .
and another thing , 1,300 objects ?
the only thing that we learned from the crime scene is they wanted the bowl and nothing else : that was the only thing they wanted .
not only the part about the lamonicas screwing up , but this whole thing about starting with an idea and following it through to its end .
did nt think a thing about the investigation .
hey , will , came a shout from the big table over in the corner where all the old geezers sat who did nt have a darn thing to do for the most part except talk about how bad the younger generation and the librals back east were screwing up the world .
the only thing he griped about after that related to my insistence that he reconcile the daily cash receipts and expenditures using forms i designed for his business and then deposit all money less the next days opening cash in the local bank night deposit box .
having resolved the issue by happily agreeing to his terms , only one last thing needed to be passed along to carlton before we parted .
the next thing i became aware of was the sudden deafening quiet , as my presence became known .
mary june planned to sneak back out to ub2s farm to enjoy coffee and polite conversation relating to the finer things in life .
chapter thirty - three three fully loaded vehicles prominently displaying old glory , as well as other signage - bearing testaments to their belief in all things apocalyptic , roared past my roadside - resting place .
i d show you a thing or two , my darlin , and then some !
her uncle , a priest back in cork , had once advised her , in his quietly lilting voice , to place a bible on a lectern in her bedroom , and read a verse first thing every morning .
the strangest thing .
so is there any any thing ?
like one of those movies you sit through and ca nt remember a thing about the moment its over .
too bad for rick , that might not be the only thing shell end up giving him , if you know what i mean .
they did nt know a thing about all its hokum and bunk , the pageant of cowboys , conquistadors and padres , the overgrazed meadows , the monstrous kachinas , the patina of haciendas , the dusty roundups , the stallions stampeding and the fortunes made with massive machines and ball bearings crunching , crunching , all the time crunching the mountains with mighty western hammers , hammers much mightier than any sissy eastern hammers , pounding out ore , pounding by the hour , hour after hour , smashing the ore to smithereens , smelting it and pouring it into wiggling troughs of shimmering bubbles to be skimmed and fired and molded into shining ingots and later to be cast into statues of cattle and cowboys , padres and conquistadors searching ever more for their golden mines , of all of that , of the great meaningless circle of copper , cotton , cattle and commerce and the meager cultural history of their woe - begotten native state , of the larger meaning or lack of meaning of arizona .
he may have been born in lost secret , but he had been retaught and knew a thing or two about what was happening .
i have a degree in mechanical engineering , but i do nt know the first thing about mechanics , or engineering for that matter .
such a tiresome thing .
i knew he would nt tell me a thing , but that was ok because i was going to solve this on my own .
the next thing i noticed was the scent of jasmine .
the volume was turned down so he could n't hear a thing either .
there may be some stuff left over from christmas , but that is mainly port and sherry , that sort of thing , although i think we used all the sherry in cooking if i remember rightly .
all it took was one too many drinks ( giggles ) hardly felt a thing !
does highlight the creepy thing .
he did nt find a thing .
he had never been a vagrant in his life , and did nt know a thing about it .
` ` well , '' he drawled finally , still trying to drag things out as long as he could , ` ` i was on the road to soda jerk springs when i remembered my little sister 's dog pooch , and how it made the mistake of trampling through mitch 's garden back in west virginia .
the first thing that struck us was that they were negative copies of each other .
he looked at me as if he was explaining the simplest thing in the world .
your voice is an incredibly valuable thing .
several walk - throughs later , i felt confident that she finally got the whole mute / unmute thing .
nathan was building a long road , and he kept wanting to trade his sheep for my ore , which was really the only thing i had an abundance of .
of course you could spend the whole night studying all there is to know about the saints ; all their feast days and their history and all that sort of thing .
a second later , her response : for a nun you ve got a dirty mind , sexy thing .
the only thing i d been dishonest about on the profile was my name and my weight , everything else made me traceable .
she liked priceless art , modern art , gucci , prada , and other designers i did nt know the first thing about .
my mother does nt know a thing about me , i said .
the only thing i ve had to eat was a picnic made by some crazy man who .
this thing is making me nauseous .
he was too cute , pretending that he did nt know a thing about skating .
besides , said barnaby i do nt know the first thing about being human , trying the i m a man and i m an idiot route , the only somewhat successful strategy to date .
money was of no object , since the only thing death had gotten right when sending him to earth as a human was giving him an unlimited cash supply .
but seriously , the reason we knew about the whole everybody out of the gene pool thing was that the list included everyone on it .
besides i m starved ; i have nt eaten a thing since lunch and it may be only edible thing in this place .
we ca nt see a thing from here .
it was the only thing satan had forgotten after he loaded the van with the trinkets he had nervously picked up .
because that would be nice , they could sing the thing out of me .
much to the dismay of st . nick , who could nt do a damn thing about it .
henry had nt been in this game so long and not learned a thing or two .
the only things she and i physically had in common were our green eyes .
believe me , i d much rather go with you , mom , but i sent that dear john letter to conrad on monday and i have nt heard a thing from him .
that s a terrible thing to put into your head !
we 'll try first thing tomorrow morning . ''
my film collection was the only thing that mattered to me .
i did nt know if such a thing as a chapwa existed , but i did nt really want to find out .
prejudice is a cruel thing .
` ` well , for one thing , i know they do n't because the mining and most of the logging have stopped .
adam did nt react to her rudeness , and rob did n't seem to notice a thing .
` ` what 's up with that ' things and stuff ' thing ? ''
and it was a thing to appreciate indeed .
ashe does nt care a thing about that dumb ashe !
with the baroda calypso in mind powerflex used an entirely new approach to the problem of claustrophobia in space travel , not that you could ever feel such a thing in our spacious rooms .
and who are you , you pretty , and quite literally , little thing ?
speech was the only thing that made any sense , and he needed all the sense he could gather .
he is entirely unaware of such a thing , which is a shame as knowing this would save him a fortune in therapy .
any other problems you need helping with , answer to life , that kind of thing ?
you do nt know the first thing about them .
what it does for a living , that kind of thing . ''
you know there 's no such thing as a useless fact .
` ` although you will have to keep working on that needy , sympathy thing . ''
not exactly the kind of thing she wanted floating around .
clearing his throat , he said , yeah , the memory thing does come in handy .
but that was the sort of thing you talked about when you were starting to date somebody .
well , hang on tight , maybe i could teach you a thing or two .
gazing at a bit of dialogue from the play , bugs requested one more thing from sir snoots mcgee .
you wo nt have to do a thing except sit back and enjoy .
he answered a whole slew of questions without really saying a thing .
it 's not the same thing at all , isabella said .
well , without knowing a darn thing about her , the best thing we ' ve got is where she lives .
well , without knowing a darn thing about her , the best thing we ' ve got is where she lives .
the only thing i know is that nora and sakura both know someone in that game .
tomorrow i can pay enough to keep all those guys happy , and then they ca nt do a thing to us .
he knows i did nt do a thing for him , in his case .
girls with skullets , you know that weird mullet thing where you re bald on top .
under the cloak , i could nt see a thing .
we often look down on humans for hating each other for petty differences , but vampires hated each other for perhaps the most common and petty thing of all .
that s the main thing i m grateful for , i said .
there was no such thing as a deal with the devil as tezcatlipoca demonstrated .
why would you ask me such a thing ?
the truth was the most sacred thing in existence .
love is such a disgusting thing , but i will never deny that it has its uses .
there s no such thing as a deal with the devil , tarasque .
a full 10x8 photo of the head and shoulders of the subject of the hit was the first thing she saw .
so illuminated by your own sense of personal justice on behalf of the worlds poor , you ca nt see a thing .
the whole thing sounds pretty fishy if you ask me .
` ` there is n't such a thing as privacy on that ship .
but nothing is the real thing .
it is just a thing of the mind , somehow ; some glumness which hides from your immediate gaze and lies where you are not focusing .
big advertisements in the local paper for mail order distributors , backed up by a new and saucy catalogue with lots of enticing free offers - you know the sort of thing - ' a free dildo with every dozen variety packs ' .
i imagine that lot could have taught the sirens a thing or two ! ''
the most unpleasant thing about this scheme is that it creates the impression of explaining the whole set of observations that serve as the basis of the theory of evolution .
and then there 's that other thing , '' i paused thoughtfully .
oh no , a humorless smile framed my lips , right now , i m afraid i m overqualified for something as petty as that , chapter twenty two ares ' pov if there was one thing anyone should know about me .
but see , that 's the thing !
she went on about the space - time thing , which was far beyond kens ability to grasp .
the only thing on the other side was a set of stairs going up .
its just my personal opinion , but i think that s the best thing those from other planets can learn from those on earth .
to dad this meant that galicians must be first - class fabulists , folk who knew a thing or two about the employment of prevarication for political ends .
the only thing i could find by him was a volume of short stories called merlin y familia and we sat in the mndez nuez gardens , opposite the bookshop , and leafed through the work , a strange and fanciful account of the life of the ancient wizard who has decided to temporarily absent himself from the court of king arthur and take a break from the tutelage of the british monarch whom he is finding increasingly difficult and demanding .
he left it there so that it was the first thing everyone would see as they approached the front door , but he did nt do this entirely for the purposes of display .
normally on a beat the brains day his habit was to arrive in a town about one o clock and enter a likely public bar where he would commence his much practised ritual of being an innocent visitor who wanted to know a thing or two about the local jargon .
only while i m under the influence , one day i found myself in brighton , i was in a terrible mess , not a shilling to my name , i could nt remember a thing , i must have had a wonderful time just the same , i slept for three days , did nt i ?
apart from shh , i heard nothing from you , pal , not a thing .
ill not do it , clarence , you ll not drag me to your level , i deplore avarice , its a wretched thing .
the way i see it , the dough does nt mean a thing to her .
damn bandit , filthy creatures , sir rupert muttered to himself as he strode away , ca nt have ever heard of such a thing as a bath , sir rupert held up his handkerchief to his nose , filthy swine .
she s such a loveable little thing i suppose she shares her favours around .
ill place you naked on all fours in the sphinx position , and show you a few things that avalon may not have shown you that the old traditional massage ladies showed me at the temple in wat pho in thailand . ''
and drade agreed too : as far as he was concerned , the only thing they had to fear was failure and perhaps a little personal humiliation .
really floored her this morning along the m3 , smooth as you like , hardly heard a thing with the overdrive , he had muttered to himself .
i dunno a thing about it , you 'll find out all by yourself , eventually .
this thing is n't all that robust , is it ?
there 's no such thing as a ghost - trap .
ok , there 's no such thing as a ghost trap .
seam a few rips up , that sort of thing .
evil or not , right or wrong , blake intrigued her and she wanted to know more about this world she never knew a thing about before .
mother and that retarded lycan had a point : i do nt think the brits know the first thing about basketball .
it was without a doubt the best thing she had ever tasted .
there were so many partitions up there they could nt see a thing .
you have nt forgotten a thing about him .
remember to take off your shoes so i get the whole thing .
man , i said out of frustration with the whole feminine feline thing .
in answer to your question , no , edward does nt suspect a thing , especially since you re in venice and we are going to barcelona .
we were silent while we continued to the place where we would explain things to people like that .
i ve got the thing you wanted to see .
this mirror thing is just another part of that case .
you will know no such thing as fear no such thing you will not feel fear even when confronted with the most horrifying , terrifying , petrifying monster !
you mean the balloon thing ?
we can learn as much as we like about these things , but one thing will always be missing .
witless will serve his brother thomas huxley is there such a thing as wisdom , or is what seems such merely the ultimate refinement of folly ?
the final blow , the one about ambrose being the curse , being dumb , was not even considered an insult as bro was immune to that kind of thing .
that fountain thing was strange , selena stated .
and , lynsey did nt add but stood there squirming as if it was what she felt she had to do to catch his attention , if not his ascent , there ll be drink and drugs galore , so by the wee small hours well all be so stoned we wo nt be able to feel a thing anyway , and you wo nt be able to do a thing about it , coz you ll not be there you re too old to be allowed in and you re not my dad anyway , so you ca nt stop me , she did nt actually add but implied by the evil manner she swung from side to side and looked at him in that witheringly superior , teenage way .
she does nt owe you a thing , except except what ?
but snoozey megan had nt heard a thing above her lady gaga and simply smiled the smile of a dreamy simpleton .
they sat side by side eating their lunches amid the roar of florid civilisations in that deep , delicious garden , munching away at a stalk of celery they both found at the bottom of their bags until bruce felt he had convalesced enough and , awakened by an urge to explain things , loosened his collar which had become suddenly uncomfortably tight .
but by that time , lynsey had turned the tap of the shower on full and could nt hear a thing beyond her singing heart .
i shook my head and finished a thirsty sip of my wine .. no , i mean i m not allowed to discuss any of the clients i work with : their names , how much they pay us , what we do for them , or what services we offerthat kind of thing .
i think i confused her at first , because she repeated the word lunch several times as though it were a mythical thing shed heard of in a bedtime story long ago .
its alright , darlinghe wo nt feel a thing ; not in his condition .
it seemed their long silly boy chats were starting to be a thing of the past .
he d clearly learnt a thing or two from their interactions which made dave proud .
anyway , my point is that these bloody professors and doctors and academics do nt know a thing .
the only thing i know is that she s going to scotland for the christmas holidays .
if he stopped her two hours later and told her the whole thing all over again she would have found it extremely odd .
if there s one thing that ogg has learned in his travels through time and space , and which he kindly teaches all his friends , its that one must never dismiss the most seemingly outrageous things .
had nt ogg shown her that truth was a spurious thing anyway ?
kind of a wave and particle sort of thing .
this terrain was suitable for agriculture and oil paintings , but given the lack of rocky outcrops it was nt really useful in the scheme of things .
i do nt really have a set formula for determining that sort of thing , i said .
nope , not a thing , he replied .
this has enabled me to save fifty quid over the last few months , and i am now on my way to rushforths to come clean about the whole paul mccartney guarantor thing .
you do n't own me a thing . '
fortunately , she is besotted with the teasmade and does not notice a thing .
you know what i mean : the whole bdsm thing .
unless that really unpleasant thing was , in fact , funny ... paul eyed the crystalline elixir suspiciously .
despite my natural aversion to any type of physical labour , i m pretty good with tools and have finished some fairly major projects in my time , but one thing i have never had an aptitude with was wood .
he must have been in stealth mode because neither of us had heard a thing .
the only thing under there was long forgotten debris , no lost bottle of wine .
i m sorry but i ca nt see a thing .
about the only thing i miss is driveways , he said without really answering .
about the only thing he asks from us is that we be good to ourselves and good to our neighbors .
i ca nt hear a thing without my aid .
we do know what the other thing is , and it does not have to do with anna directly .
and pierre knew one thing they required was discretion .
that was a thing you asked girls to embarrass them , but you were talking about jimi hendrixs album .
a few minutes later , the man who was knocked out came to , did nt remember a damn thing that had happened to him , and we entered crow flats .
it was a frightening thing for me to think about .
and tarnished ( hey , that s cool , sort of tying in with the band instrument thing ! )
if there was one thing he could nt really take well , was to do the same job several times .
the thing he loves the most , besides his binoculars .
i think shoes are the only thing you re missing .
there s no such thing as a half - box of oranges .
the only thing she saw was an indiscernible powder .
charles could nt remember the mans name and the only thing he knew about the man was he liked to march .
i know i have to present the whole competition with paul mccartney thing to him , and that may be what makes him want to do this , but we have to offer him money , too .
we can give you a few pieces , but not the whole thing .
that fairness thing , which would be connected to the amount of the fee .
what s up with the gun thing ?
the only other thing i need is a computer .
russian music , the real thing , that no one has heard or seen .
i have this provenance thing , but its a little tricky .
he turned again to nev , what is the dancing thing ?
roger said , people actually misrepresent that sort of thing ?
he came to understand that he was supposed to feel somehow victimized , but the truth was that he treasured the whole experience and would nt have changed a thing .
for one thing she was not in any sense sublime she had a workaday coarseness that a mother ought to complement with beauty .
he did not admit a thing , which weakened my hand .
he did not love and there was one less pure thing to atone for .
what did he feel and why did he distrust to feel it , with brown buttons for eyes and nothing behind them , and why did he marry then or now , the secret thing inside but not shown or acknowledged , the carnal thing , the thing that moves a man through time yet shepherd remaining uninstructed how ought a man to feel ?
what did he feel and why did he distrust to feel it , with brown buttons for eyes and nothing behind them , and why did he marry then or now , the secret thing inside but not shown or acknowledged , the carnal thing , the thing that moves a man through time yet shepherd remaining uninstructed how ought a man to feel ?
that 's one thing you ca n't get back .
and it was only recently that i d worked out you were supposed to use the juice from an onion and not the whole thing .
he still did nt say a thing about the archive .
so , this whole thing really was nt about the archive at all .
look , you must not say a thing , she said .
that is the first thing i order when i try a new restaurant .
the only thing that matters is that you know the truth .
he did nt have to tell her the third thing he wanted .
he read the whole thing , ostensibly a long quotation by the chamber of commerce announcing the production and wishing him and soderberg well , saying charleston was giving them the key to the city , and the entire town awaited their arrival with open arms .
then she said , if roger told you to start writing the thing , whatever it is , why do nt you start ?
jinny smiled at the bullshit , thought , keep your enemies close , said , shrimp and grits is the best thing charleston has to offer in the way of high culture , and i am an expert on the subject .
the whole movie\play thing , whatever it is .
one thing she knows about the account is that its hidden from everyone else , and that the money in it has come from government operations , including , of course , oil .
i ' ve seen on crimewatch that some people think a stabbing feels just like a punch , but not in my case ; it fucking hurts like a punch on the outside and a hot sharp thing cutting open my stomach lining on the inside .
the last thing i remember is being involved in a drink a yard of ale competition , standing behind the bar , wearing an apron with a fake pair of tits on it .
why would you even ask such a thing ?
not a thing inside except spider webs and bird nests .
i d eaten with my parents the previous night and my mother did nt mention a thing about marriage or children .
that was the whole idea , because we did nt want you to get used to one thing .
denial , thought the big man , was a powerful thing .
like a reaction to the put - christmas - back - in - christmas thing .
everything looks marvelous , chimed the second oldest daughter , a pretty thing with a feeble mind .
the most important thing we know is that he spent many years hunting expatriate nazis in argentina , and brought them to justice , one way or another , and he was very successful at that very difficult job .
the first thing i see here is a good team .
that is a very tangible and inescapable thing .
he would go to the study and , if summoned , fain ignorance : sorry , officers , i was listening to mahlers 5th , and had my headphones on , did nt hear a thing .
` ` there 's one thing that i can just about guarantee will get her to change the name . ''
use it sparingly , that thing is annoying . ''
shit , the only thing i know about morphine is from that movie the crow when brandon lee squeezes it out of that beat - up woman 's arm and says morphine is bad . ''
even in the hospital room with blood and god - knows - what else covering her from head to toe , she was the most beautiful thing i had ever set eyes on .
it was a weird thing to explain .
one more thing before i go , though .
the only thing i could n't figure out was why i kept bumping in to him .
` ` not a single thing , '' i said .
the only thing in it is a whole lot of dry ice so cold that it burns my lungs upon my first breath .
` ` that 's another thing , '' she answered .
oh , the whole brad pitt thing .
by clever inventions i mean such things as tennis shoes that come in two colors , red for the left foot and green for the right foot .
if i tried to make a list of all the things i did nt want to know , the rain forest would disappear .
` ` and the first thing you need to learn about me is that i treat by rochester rules , '' she said .
for one thing , they did n't know whether to be surprised or glad that it was n't a rabbit 's foot .
` ` i do n't know how much you know about my business- '' ` ` not a thing , '' i replied .
noim only joshing i know you would never contemplate such a thing .
` ` yes , pal , i did nt feel a thing , thanks .
not one part of that conversation meant a single thing .
i know a thing or 2 about that , do nt i ?
again , i know a thing or 2 about wanting what you re wanting .
his idea , which he had arrived upon in the last few years , was this : he would build a museum of the history of mankind in the world ( menschheit in der welt as he liked to call it because things sounded more important in german ) , and he would build it here , in the former indian territories , to commemorate this as the place where the myth of the ultima thule had finally petered out and the western appetite had turned back upon itself to pick among the scraps it had hurried past in its march to the pacific , to search for clues to its identity in mental geography rather than physical space , to gobble up what it has discarded and then eye its other cast - offs hungrily .
you ca nt accomplish a thing by coming back here . ''
have n't you learned a thing about women from being all around the world ? ''
` ` i m glad to have the law here to teach this boy a thing or two , '' the father said .
the ' bright future ' subcommittee says it 's just the thing the people need to build enthusiasm . ''
the only thing you need to know is that after the thieving bastards in sw1 have done their stuff , it will always be less next year than this year .
the whole consistent work horse thing painted me into a corner .
i do nt have to ask them for a thing , he d tell us , they just give me the shit .
the first thing i see is , indeed , my high school yearbook .
the next thing i find is a picture of jack and me , our first day of senior year .
the last thing in the box is what i feared the most .
i do nt know the first thing about mulch .
and i would nt change a thing about it .
apparently , in the scientific world of hypnosis , there is no such thing as falsification .
if it had been up to me , i would ve skipped the whole three on a match thing because it just does nt capture the idea that well .
` ` the mind is a powerful thing ; you can elevate or torture yourself .
i do nt think there is a such a thing as a safe response either .
she always felt close to embracing the thought , that everyone one deep down loved her , and helping her during a seizure , would be the farthest thing from a burden ; however so many times , that thought just felt stripped from her hands .
but there s also the cops hunch thing .
ya know that hunch thing i mentioned to you last week ?
been working on the flag thing .
i agree with you on the inner outer thing , and so does mccartney .
then there was the whole dog thing ; he was n't going to think about that , at least until he was completely recovered from this hangover , other than that it seemed natural in some weird way .
his lips were moving and we could n't hear a thing , but he seemed happy .
when i was given berries and lovely potatoes to eat and some fermented , velvety thing to drink , i sometimes felt like a matsqui myself .
well , there was one thing he did n't put in the bag : his poop .
that would be the only thing he 'd take from his office .
` ` ah ... the word thing , '' said tom with delight .
` ` well , sweet thing , '' i whispered , slipping into the seat beside her at the bar .
when you do , the first thing that goes through my mind , he continued , is that you are a slave to tobacco , and this as a weakness .
the ragtag mob wanted to find out more about me , that was for sure , but they could nt get a thing out of me , and there was no one that they could ask .
not that he knew the first thing about beach fishing or any other sort of fishing !
but i reckon , just now and again , we uniformed guys can show them a thing or two .
because i was a seedy academic before i became a seedy gang member , i know a thing or two about existentialism .
the ads always show some group ( race and gender - diversified , of course ) sucking champagne on a yacht , or maybe in a limo , but either way , it 's basically the farthest thing your brain clusters when thinking of a newport cigarette .
i felt it , and yeah , it was an ottoman , or the closest thing to it .
also , there was a little thing about stuffing my bishop into a parcel and mailing him to tewksbury . ''
` ` a heresy is a big thing , like a pumpkin . ''
` ` i could teach them a thing or two . ''
i do n't feel a thing ! ''
` ` it 's only a little thing , '' said hank .
` ` you should have pretended you were a copy of rodin 's ' thinker ' , '' said demo 's leitmotiv , who 'd learned a thing or two about art from sally popoff .
` ` i ca n't see a thing in all this mist and fog . ''
` ` well , for one thing , they can get depressed about it , '' said hats .
as if that was the only thing that would interest me .
later , when he could n't remember where he got something , he 's say , ` ` sophie , that thing gives me the creeps . ''
love can be a very strange thing sometimes .
regardless , my sense of duty was definitely becoming a thing of the past .
you re ahead in the poles , and now with the pot thing , i mean , this is as close to a lock as you can get .
morning , i said , a little surprised that the whole chinaman thing was still .
` ` it 's only a little thing . ''
that showed them a thing or two !
` ` what will farting accomplish , aside from making us faint so we do n't feel a thing when we die horribly in pools of lava ? ''
` ` love 's a thing that ca n't be denied . ''
presently , no one could see a thing .
` ` we do n't know the first thing about daycare centers . ''
none of these cities , institutions , or famous people had the slightest thing to do with their counterparts on earth , of course .
` ` it 's the same thing , really . ''
anyway , neville had decided that the only thing blocking his way to success as a dancer was rhythm .
no one will understand a thing . ''
instead of giving me a birthday cake , they d beat me and put me in solitary confinement for a week ( or maybe bury me up to my neck in sand if they were japanese or egyptian or whoever it is that does that sort of thing ) .
lizard - lady looked like she knew a thing or two , but i was a little anxious about approaching her myself .
that really is a beautiful thing , is nt it ?
we ve been sort of friends for two years , but maybe i do nt know a thing about him .
its either that or acid reflux , but i ve been with him most of the day , and he has nt eaten a thing .
` ` ' selections from dickens ' , ' happy thoughts for a happy day ' : that sort of thing . ''
` ` well , for one thing , there 's the swiss bank accounts , '' said big aesop .
` ` does n't mean a thing .
` ` a little thing ? ''
` ` and with this subsidized shipyard thing ; we use it to build lots of ships , then we wait for a heavy rainfall so the ships can float away to the sea ? ''
my daughter is the most precious thing in the world to me , said ludovico as he pushed dean through the sharp brambles .
sorry , i meant a bottle of ketchup or mustard , not that other thing .
i know one thing this steve does not have .
there was real fear that boundaries which have been at the cornerstone of family life were creaking and collapsing under the burden of being all things to all citizens , from all countries , all of the time .
that s the first thing you want to know ?
the first time sheila dekker called that next morning , david and bryce did nt notice a thing .
what about the whole opposites attract thing ?
few things disappoint more people in a shorter time than a pot of freshly - brewed bad coffee .
` ` it 's the principle of the thing ! ''
you did n't get to be a full member of the secret order of curators without learning a thing or two about deceit .
` ` i do n't know a thing about scots .
clockwork sheep do n't know a thing about open source !
the one thing i should have milked the bastard ex for was a new car .
i never asked him a thing . ''
a curious thing , beards .
but later , as i reposed asleep in my lovely quiet bower , i dream - recalled the original poem , after a late and tiring hour , as writ , by the perversely original lovely author - fellow , who must actually have been pretty virginal in figuring out what he know , about my type of thing , as opposing his own , regarding how it normally grew .
somebody once said that there is no such thing as a patient explanation .
` ` the funny new thing i saw in the garden , sighting down from the seventh floor , was a half - t scaffold .
she who was to be mine , simply and forever , without any such thing as a casual divorce .
being that it 's damnably fiery red underground , and deep , obscurest black under the waves of the hideous , abysmally deep oceans , it could be that , you know , that sort of thing .
i ' ve discovered the very thing , something sure to take your mind off your problems , and your minty breath a - wayyyyy ! ''
and , in addition to divisiveness , there is also , also this weird little old thing called getting ready for the after - life ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
always learning ... the things he knows ... . '' the second painting was ` ` the bean king '' .
` ` i find the whole jewish thing fascinating .
in fact , a lecture on noh plays had been the only thing he 'd delivered last night .
i m not sure that the first thing i d want to hear is some boring old classical music .
` ` like a limited time chance to beat the tax , kind of thing ? ''
and as for claiming the kid back off us , do nt worry you wo nt have to do a thing .
the only thing i learned at school today was how to flash gang signs . ''
i could be holding a marijuana block in my hand and not smell a thing . ''
between xanthippe and jeanette it was handled with cool , professional competence , despite the constant carping phone calls from officious office dwellers far from the scene who thought they should be controlling things that did n't know a freaking thing about .
but the only thing that really aroused me was the past .
we rode the bus together and talked about school things - favourite classes , teachers , places to sit with a coffee , uninteresting things .
goldmans bulldog presents nobody knows ( the thing that really matters about ) anything !
actually , he wrote it just like that twice , for emphasis.2 he considered this epigram to be the single most important fact , perhaps , of the entire movie industry.3 because nobody , nobody -- not now , not ever -- knows the least goddamn thing about what is or is nt going to work at the box office.4 the interesting point here is that all of the people involved in the process of making movies are experts .
not the only thing , obviously , but the most important thing , the central core -- that s what the thing that really matters means .
not the only thing , obviously , but the most important thing , the central core -- that s what the thing that really matters means .
it is a universal truism : nobody knows the thing that really matters about anything !
so what is the thing that really matters about gravity ?
we know a lot about the effects of gravity , but nobody knows the how of it -- the thing that really matters .
we do nt find out the thing that really matters -- how the universe began , where it came from , the important stuff .
you ll notice that the one thing the church still has left ( despite the reformation ) is the money .
the first question for any expert ought to be : do you know the thing that really matters about your subject ?
there is no such thing as a social consensus .
the very most that i - consciousness can hope for is to have some degree of influence over not - i , but i - consciousness can never know if its influence has had an effect , as the only thing that i - consciousness is aware of is what not - i says and does , not why ( the astute reader will realize that this is the same relationship that science has to its understanding of the worldscience can understand the what but not the why of things ) .
the reason that we have nothing to say is , of course , because nobody knows the thing that really matters about anything .
science has given humanity everything -- except the thing that really matters .
because the right temporal lobe is an area relating to emotional response and interpretation among other things , you may find yourself becoming somewhat irrational .
if i can just wake up , then i know that the only thing i 'll have to deal with is my impending death .
' it 's very important that you accept this thing .
' i mean , i went out for a walk and then the next thing i remember is being in the back garden .
there was too much detail to the thing .
then he remembered the one thing he did have .
for one thing , do nt you think its incredibly arrogant to assume that you are the centre of the universe ?
she was a pretty thing , fair - haired and blue eyed .
` ` call the detective and tell him that i just finally got around to reading it and i think it 's the greatest thing since sliced bread .
the only thing people like more than their own good fortune is someone else 's misfortune .
we could n't account for localization , for one thing .
friendship was a slippery thing , solid one day and vanished the next .
i know a thing or two about the old ballgame .
i nod and he walks away without saying a thing .
they were n't all mr . congeniality and they could n't win a thing . ''
about the things they would say about him at work : both the nice , sweet things of the first week or so and then the cruel things that would grow to dominate .
once is considered acceptable ) you walk at night by industrial rivers or back and forth through piss dyed tunnels wearing top designer labels and with a huge crocodile skin wallet peeking out , but the labels are all fake and the only thing in the wallet is a little card that says , screw you , my man .
his subconscious was good at this kind of thing .
we ve explained the tying up thing so you re just going to have to stop complaining about it .
just get on with telling us the language thing .
as long as you maintain an input of the time you wish to overlay , the planet will never suspect a thing .
brick fed they his favourite thing , a question .
the only thing it made clearer was the floor , which he duly hit after tripping over his own feet .
well .. right is such a difficult thing to define .
the only thing he was sure of was that it could nt be dominic , who was thinner than the rest and slightly out of step .
` ` no such thing as gender . ''
one day you 're floggin ' the dolphin , the next you 're faking convulsions , and now this new thing .
there s no such thing as a place devoid of meaning .
i want to know everything about you right now ; do nt leave a thing out .
i do nt remember a thing , i swear .
i felt my love affair with france becoming a thing stale , cold and dry .
what s the first thing a woman looks for in a vibrator ?
poor , dumb bastard , you did nt learn a thing from the makeup , did you ?
the officer walked up and stood beside the open window , his thighs being the only thing visible from the low - slung car .
as i place my hands on my lap to try to hide it from the eagle eyes of paige , who simply can not abide by such things .
now i can easily manage all this i think but the gluing of the closed eyes thing gets me seriously worried , for that is one of my big fears .
well i do nt mind you knowing that i ve got really bad eyesight and ca nt see a thing without them .
it was yet another thing to add to my being useless at list .
there was nothing to get over since you do nt mean a thing to me .
only you lied to him when you said that you did nt want to get hitched either , but secretly thought that in the long run you could change his mind , i say and handing her the most important thing on her list or she wo nt end up going anywhere without a certain official travelling form of identification .
until at least i can figure out how to be a parent myself first and give my infant a fighting chance because its hard enough being constantly reminded when you re an adult of every little thing you ve not achieved in your life .
well i do , i do nt want to feel a thing and i think i ve already made it clear that i want to have as many drugs as i can legally get without killing either me or my infant .
i must remember to put down on my birth plan that i want it all ; i still do not want to feel a thing and all this , palaver did not bring out the naturist in me .
the second thing i noticed was a multitude of appetizers .
all along , the internet guy never strayed too far from my mind ... * * * as i pulled my car into the driveway that night , i was faced with a troubling thought : -doesnt james care that he knows not a thing about my looks ?
without telling james a thing about my spying sister , i asked for his number and told him i would make the call instead .
i could barely hear a thing with the construction going on across the street from our building .
a lot had happened and she did nt even know a thing about it .
bg : well , to be honest , i think this thing of morrison being a poet is a load of rubbish .
she had art reproductions by klee , gironella , motherwell , picabia , bacon , this weird malcolm morley yellow pages thing , ensor , on and on .
but he did nt know a fucking thing about music or the business and he wanted a part of black lung , because it looked like we were the next cream , the next experience , the next mountain .
some people , some back - biting curs , i might say , said i got stupider , that my two california lps represent some kind of nadir for rock music , right up there with self portrait and my love and satanic majesties royal request or whatever the hell that thing is called .
bg : i have this thing for stringed instrumentsi can just about play any of them .
at least , whoever put the fucker together had some chops , knew a thing or twoits a fairly seamless melding of two different versions of the song , incorporating a blistering solo i did on it live with a somewhat coherent rendering we put down at ardent .
i mean , its that zen thing , you know ?
bg : its the same thing , ok ?
you know , you strip it down , you get right to the core phrase , the essential thing you wan na saythats what i m getting at .
its the last thing i have of her .
patrick said , life is a strange and multi - glorious thing , is nt it ?
you ve learned a thing or two .
you do nt remember a thing ?
do nt you remember a thing ?
if you do nt remember a thing , then they must have erased it all !
and at that moment , the only thing that chuck splatter knew was that there was an alien inside of the head of that human suit , controlling it with a powerful computer processing chip , that was desired by sammy ammo .
well , for one thing , the bible says that jesus used unleavened bread .
you will get no help at all from the diocese because , although it is happy to take advantage of the skills of sisters from various orders who teach in diocesan schools , work as nurses in diocesan hospitals and serve in various other capacities to the benefit of the diocese , it has always taken the position that the only thing it owed was the stipends it paid for their services , which were less than lay teachers earned .
so the most important thing to come out of the meeting was the idea to nourish a grass - roots movement that would pay attention to what benny was up to .
said he was going to contact his lawyer , take us to court , that sort of thing .
but what i hate is the bullshit that comes with answering to frank and having to fight for every little thing .
as you move forward you will see things beginning to fall into place .
the first thing emma heard was laughter .
huh , she responded , as if she had nt heard a thing .
you re gon na have to yell for her to hear a thing .
is nt creation a wonderful thing ?
plus you have nt told me a thing about what i m going back to .
in the book , she spends twenty - six pages on her first semesterpretty technical stuff about her classes and other musicians she was hanging around with , how much she hated her parents , that kind of thing .
fantasy was the least interesting thing to me .
and the one thing that always came back to him , that always gave him hope , was the reading the strange gypsy woman had given him for half a bottle of scotch .
but she had told him things about his past that only he knew , and then read his palm and said : you will one day soon become an invisible support to suzan and your children he wondered how this would come about and believed in it completely .
they chased me like huge cats and i never heard a thing .
baron jorg spoke at last : what i want to know is this , how can you , a jew , come to possess such a thing ?
i ca nt seem to find anything and yet i have this thing stabbing me in the foot every step i take .
her time , she says , is the most important thing she can give .
in the morning , he d insist he did nt remember a thing .
there is no such thing as the right one .
mrs . alice was the closest thing to family that elise had left and , although it was very unlike her to do so , she wept as she had been wo nt to do lately .
9:39am dad does nt believe that i ca nt remember a thing after i woke up .
camp files camper personal information filed : 6/01/08 by : camp director joseph kroger name ( first , middle , last ) : chloe michelle bernhardt date of birth ( month , day , year ) : may 7th , 1990 place of birth ( city , state ) : los angeles , ca age : 18 school : ucla year : freshman ( incoming ) height : 510 weight : 132lbs hair color : brown hair eye color : grey eyes family father : charles bernhardt , age 46 mother : susanna bernhardt , age 45 siblings : only child psychological personality profile personality : she s constantly full of ideas and is very quick to understand things given to her such as hard math equations .
what s the meaning of this thing , life ?
now he could nt see a thing .
but another thing pleased lowell just as much .
his arguments with himself that they had simply hit a dead spot in their life together , that becky was exhausted from being with the two boys twenty - four hours a day , and that their love was strong enough to withstand transitory misunderstandings were like a burr in his mind that the slightest thing ( such as the misplaced glove ) could rub into an open sore .
he did nt want to change a thing about her .
but the second thing is just as important .
making love is the best thing this world has to offer .
he did nt say a thing to fiona .
he must have showered and dressed without her hearing a thing .
that s exactly the thing i m looking for .
the wind reminded him that the one thing he had not anticipated was having plywood to cover a broken window , but even in this case he had partially anticipated a disaster .
i only miss one thing .
so abel prepared by thinking of each thing he had to think of , just once so he could throw it away and empty his mind , his soul , and rest .
and then there were those who always responded the same way to every new thing that came up : what is this world coming to ?
roxy , short for roxanne , was bold like the carnival women , and mary was used to that , so they got along real well until roxy noticed she was doing all the talking and that she did nt really know a thing about the woman who lived under their roof and cared for her son .
the reproduction had nt prepared him for the real thing .
now look here , fels , or whatever your real name might be , obviously you do nt know the least thing aboutabout giving birth , to use a pertinent metaphor , to a story .
and ill be in a new situation and not remember a thing of the last life , but ill keep some of the same characteristics and interests of before .
i wound up discing and dragging the whole thing and then planting it to corn .
but there was no way jerrod would want to listen to this sort of thing over coffee cake and juice and his saying anything would make a stir , so he let it go .
the light was bad in the place and he was by the window trying to light a propane lamp to bring over so that the boy could see things better .
no , the only thing he mentioned was that trotter creek was a nice ride .
then there was the whole aattending class @ thing .
that whole liza minneli , female comedian loving thing is ironic , right ?
one thing he did learn in his feline travails was that a lot of gay men had cats .
once again , another thing that made no sense to lloyd , like religion , karma , astrology , and the republican party .
but lloyd had one last thing he wanted to tell her .
at this point they smiled at each other in mutual recognition that they were talking about the same thing from different perspectives .
yes , and she s a sweet little thing .
she was not pretty , but her body was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen .
but i wonder , i really wonder , if she even has so ungodly a thing as a twat between her legs .
there s supposed to be freedom in america , though all those conformists do nt know a thing about it .
one thing only his father had taught him , skill with tools and how to fix things .
i suppose i do , but of course its the sort of thing that all carpenters know .
the hopefulness she felt before charlie came was the thing that seemed illusionary to her .
that led them to a comparison between such french and spanish words for heaven , country , man and nose that was actually fun and animatedciel and cielo ; pays and pais ; homme and hombre ; nez and narizand only lost steam when jeremy brought up the german words for these things ( himmel , land , mann and mensch , nase ) .
edward has lived with charlie for six years and still does nt understand the first thing about her .
she was so drunk her first time , she said , that she hardly remembered it , but after meeting and falling in love with ted , she understood that making love , as opposed to screwingwhich she had done when she was an alcoholicwas truly the most wonderful thing that life had to offer .
but there is this one thing that i have discovered writing these tales .
richard could n't handle it , or did n't want to , but it amounts to the same thing .
well , for one thing , i ve been living a lie .
is there such a thing as rights in perpetuityor for life , or somesuch ?
her leaving home to start a career would nt have been a big surprise , but i think he felt i was a bad influence you know : urging her to be independent , seize the moment , that sort of thing .
its against the code for one thing .
and the most amazing thing is that i even do not notice when they appear .
another thing is why these civilizations disappeared .
as nagarjuna made a complicated thing from a simple one , he greatly distorted and partially pocketed for himself the knowledge given by buddha for the masses , he turned upside down the essence of the very teaching , and he was severely punished by rigden jappo and sentenced to eternal conscious reincarnation .
in the evening , after having heard all of that , i randomly opened my diary and came across senseis words , there is no such thing as chance .
mohammed understood , though , that richness was not the thing to which his soul aspired .
inspired by this conversation with gabriel , mohammed left the cave in which he meditated , and the first thing he saw was a breathtaking view of nature .
bar the minor technical hitch with the missing e , the whole thing is realised flawlessly .
soon , its half over and i have nt done a thing to enjoy it .
here is the closest thing to their supposed savior returning , and yet they have thus far denied him .
what had brought him out here in the first place amounted to a sudden bizarre craving , a thing mostly beyond his experience , which he could not explain , but a powerful desire to have freshly cut flowers , an arrangement he 'd felt confident of gleaning , fern leaves and all , from what he now acknowledged to be a separate dimension .
one thing he understood : he was hunted .
roma is a blonde young thing with breasts like melons and a liking for player 's navy cut .
it was frustrating for steven , who wrote the damned thing , to not know what his supposed masterpiece represented .
i say lovely young thing advisedly , as she was one of those eternal creatures unique to her sex , who would forever be of indeterminate age .
she was a pretty little thing in that wholesome middle - america sort of way .
actors , agents , writers and wannabes filled the naugahyde booths , and i had to wait twenty minutes before some sweet young thing with casting couch aspirations could seat me .
the only thing that looks official here is the booking sheet on this myers guy . ''
the golden mean is a terrible thing for a child to learn if you re that childs parent .
when neil came up to ask her about her day and what she wanted for dinner , bett told him that the thing she most desired , and that no one seemed capable of giving , was to be left alone .
take nine and nine and nine away and suddenly , oh so suddenly , the only thing left was a cipher .
the thing that had recalled the memory was that several times in their brief conversation the stranger had said , look , i ve got a situation down here .
i think the iliad is the best thing i ve ever read .
counselor was nt doing a thing to monitor this exchange .
you know , louise , this reincarnation thing is real , is nt it ?
this reincarnation thing , he had said .
but apart from business tips and business anecdotes , sam knew not one thing about mistral beaugrand .
i do nt mean a thing to him anymore .
i just think that would be the scariest thing .
wisdom is not an easy thing to comprehend .
the beauty in his pictures will survive him , but the opinion of contemporaries is just an ephemeral thing .
she does n't know a thing . ''
` ` but there is another thing that your wife wants : support for the rest of her life .
actually , i believe that success is a more complex thing than that .
i believe charlie magro discovered the same thing when he crashed out there on the highway .
laugh if you want to , but ego is a funny thing .
or maybe that cauliflower potato thing .
the only thing that bothers him is that he does n't have a way to refrigerate the specimens they collected .
this whole organic thing , plus the turkeys and ducks , my gosh , there has to be money in ducks , does nt there ?
maryellen , i know i m old and out to pasture and apt to forget things , but i do nt remember saying yes .
the only thing missing was a title .
you know what s weird , there s a presidential race going on right now and the only thing i really know is that the president is running again , peter jenkins said .
damn , kendell , that s the thing that really gets me .
it hurt a little at first but the whole hymen thing is kinda baloney once you ve been using tampons and experimenting with vibrators since fourteen like i had .
i get the whole graveyard thing , she said as if she had just invented the next fad .
and i find another thing puzzling .
rachel was under the impression that you planned to run away with her and show her the finer things beyond willows edge .
leon promised me things i always dreamed about , and i was caught up in the thrill of just running off with him and starting a new life far away from willows edge .
i ve been producer on this thing since since christmas , i know .
i m in catechism so i know a thing or two about the good book .
not only has their feedback shown me that i m on the right track , but they ve helped me re - discover the things that drew me to my stories in the first place .
i ve never been really into camping , and do nt know the first thing about backpacking , said peter .
i hear people rant about evolution or global warming who do nt understand the first thing about the subject .
the only thing he had really understood since thanksgiving was that he did nt deserve happiness and that it would elude him forever .
hell drink enough that he wo nt remember a thing tomorrow .
i overheard some people talking about that sort of thing , and the things they said made me think that they d never accept me if they knew .
its such a little thing .
the only good thing about having her as a promiscuous older sister was that she told me things about sex that my parents would nt talk about .
* * * * duncan munro did not at first look to sharon like the next thing .
so when the next thing came along in the form of duncan munro , sharon had been ready , she guessed , and that was all there was to it .
he had only forgotten one thing , and that was simply because he had n't intended to die until she was old enough to properly look after herself .
they had all this stuff on the phone but not the one thing she needed desparately now .
my dad was one of those guys who swaggered around locker rooms without anything on , all long and flabby in the worst places and swinging his junk like it was the most natural thing in the world .
vanity had been the first thing to go with age , by necessity .
parenting was such a terribly painful thing , she could n't remember anymore why she had ever wanted it so much .
like copies of the big issue sold - on by homeless - people in metropolis ' around the world : no such thing as a free - lunch the - banker reasoned .
running - out ... unable to relinquish - any ... thing ... resign !
but , unless embellished and animated on the altar of the imagination , these comprise but a skeleton , a cold and dry brittle thing without blood , inspiration , point , or purpose .
yet he hid from us one critical thing : that the whole purpose of his benevolence was to observe us and notice whether or not we commit any sin and , if we do , to punish us .
thus the whole argument becomes tortured and spotty , not the thing of integrity we sought for and fought for and thought for .
it is a kind of hunger pang which guides the creatures of the forest to wisdom , a godly inbuilt thing not heeded or needed by men and women .
but it must be thoroughly understood that there is great danger in substituting established doctrine of religion for the real thing .
there is no such thing as an absolute truth which stands like some monolith in time to be explored and conquered , which is what religious institutions tend to teach .
so does the precipice give forth blossoms , so does the volcano gush fruit and so do the hidden things come to light .
native homes often do nt have things people who live in more populated areas take for granted like indoor plumbing for toilets and access to fresh water in their homes .
its a thing called judgment .
the only thing gabriel seemed capable of writing nowadays were what he suspected to be sappyhis daughter , naturally , refused to show him any of themlove poems for barbro .
that s the missing thing .
is there such a thing as certainty ?
there is such a thing as certainty .
but since the , she hesitated , accident , he has nt said a thing .
the most real thing there was .
but what he could do even less was stop looking for that misplaced thingthat thing that made everything all right , that thing that made him strong and certain , that thing now gone that left him hollow and hungryso he kept right on going .
but what he could do even less was stop looking for that misplaced thingthat thing that made everything all right , that thing that made him strong and certain , that thing now gone that left him hollow and hungryso he kept right on going .
it was a scale , going up and down a scale , and something by mozart , i think , not the full thing , of course , just the simple melody .
it was the scope of the thing that was overwhelming : he was alive .
there was an earth under her feet , and the steps she now took across carpet , across linoleum , brought her from one known place to another , and the things she touched and moved and cleaned were things she knew , things that , like a life preserver , she could cling to .
how do we really know there is such a thing as the objective ?
what , if anything , of all she had studied and knew , would explain such a thing as brad , if indeed it were truewhich if of course was nt ?
the only thing that made sense ; and sense it made , now that he had documented it , beautifully .
the words every four hours reached his ear but they did nt mean a thing to him .
then the only other thing would be the bill .
there was no such thing as irrefutable .
to find the one thing unknown to everyone but him , that he could point to from here and that could be verified , proven .
for this light is the most precious thing there is .
the tranquilizers had pretty much arrived now , but sitting down , and not having to listen to anderson as well as think , one word did connect to the one before it , and then to the one after it , and slowly other words connected as well , and he pieced the thing together , this larger meaning , and it said that perhaps she was not bluffing .
this word , this thing , temptation , if you really look at it , implies a choice , does it not ?
but after many months of combing through dire texts on this and other ailments , he found what he had come to expect : that when the supposed science of mental disorders does nt know how to explain something , it gives it a label instead , to make the thing appear understood .
memory is a funny thing .
no one was taking the staying spirit thing too seriously .
this was awake , that had been dream , a terrible dream , which she for a moment could not remember a thing about but then slowly did , the rattle of the handle , the little roomhad it really been padded ? at arcadia blue .
you had to be memory , not an easy thing , not even for the bristlecone who indeed could remember all , and with clarity .
we have rules , said the nurse , which did nt explain a thing .
whereas off - season , for example , two well - read and literary minded individuals , say a woman and a man , will find much joy and value in as simple a thing as a well - turned phrasea fine poem , or a perfect metaphor can light the flame of much shared admiration and common enjoymentduring pre - season these two same individuals will subtly begin to see and take notice of the shape of the others lips , fineness of teeth .
the thought itself rustles the heat and i can feel the long red tunnel approach , the spaceor lack of spacewhere such things as surface and willing yourself there cease to have meaning , its just tunnel and you follow it at speed , planting your seed wherever you can , doing your bit for the human race , not that this thought even enters as much as the periphery of things ; but i can note the thought now , because i just had it , before i enter , before i vanish , before i drown completely .
and this thing called peace ?
no , he would nt have to get near those either ( they drew attention , and attention was the last thing he wanted drawn ) .
mostly the elms , who , as far has he could remember , had never won an exchange like this in his life , if indeed you win these things .
said the camphor tree as if the juniper had nt said a thing .
the moment this freedom is stolen , either by governmentas in some african and asian countriesor by blackmailers like arrak , lifethe beautiful thing we all do our best to cope withthis life ceases to exist , and becomes , instead , slavery .
mrs . wallcroft went in and soon returned with two nurses in tow , gurney between them , and then the wilted painful thing was tenderlythere was that tenderness again , and lara wanted to cry , though at the moment she had no face , no eyes , no tears to cry withplaced on the gurney and rolled into the brightly lit emergency reception .
was the mundane thing he had missed .
harry could not put his finger on the moment of discovery , but it had followed , quite out of nowhere , quite out of nothing for a thing that tangible , soon after he was toldthe hospital by now convinced that harry was indeed as close to family as harman - karman hadthat his friend would never walk again ; the spinal damage was too severe , is how they put it .
and all the while another debate went on : there was this invention , this new web , this new energy , this new more like a poison than anything , this unseen but nonetheless felt thing , untried as yet on someone this size ( or as the birds thought of it , someone of this scopescope of being , as a science , philosophy and religion , was in fact established by the birds , and for many an eon formed the core of religion / philosophy in these parts ) : should they use it on him , the host , angel , ex - god , now , in these parts ?
and she saw , that was another thing he recognized .
and the other thing it said was that he probably should have removed his clothes , and definitely his shoes , before setting out .
the last thing she heard was the distant splashing of some large , clumsy fish .
and now patanjali gets down to the nuts and bolts of the thing : the eight limbs of yoga are : the various forms of abstention from evildoing ( yama ) , the various observances ( niyamas ) , posture ( asana ) , control of the prana ( pranayama ) , withdrawal of the mind from sense objects ( pratyahara ) , concentration ( dharana ) , meditation ( dhyana ) , and absorption in the atman ( samadhi ) .
it was about a new invention , about this new web , this new energy , this new more like a poison than anything , this unseen but nonetheless felt thing , untried as yet on someone this sizemeaning the angels ( or as the birds thought of it , someone of his scope ) .
the magnitude of the accomplishment is downplayed , at least in my mind , because i still feel utterly and completely empty due to the whole kara thing .
well , the first thing you have to understand about the dodge is that it really was n't any kind of premeditated move .
i 'd space out the bruising between confrontations with my parents , so they never saw a thing .
and what 's the other thing ?
21 the first thing i hear is the steady beep .
but the heart , i said , her heart , my babys is normal and the scan they showed us , normal growth , normal size , and the heart so strong , we read , my husband read that edward syndrome babies have so many things wrong with them , so many things and mine is just fine , just those little sacs , just those tiny things and she said , the lady who did the scan said they re seeing things nowadays that they re not sure if they can interpret correctly and dr mason sighed gently as if mustering patience , fished about in a pile of papers in his desk and found the scan of my little girl , one among others .
he sighed as though this sort of thing made him feel nostalgic .
and i suppose the last thing you need is some old wart like me telling you not to get involved in grown - up matters .
is n't that the very purpose of the thing , to dispel doubt , because your eyes see ? ''
the reality we know and love , and where non - local communication - or co - knowing - does n't mean a thing , this reality is just the very tip of the iceberg we call life , of full reality .
` ` is there such a thing as proof ? ''
but in this realm we also have that thing in - between : ` ` maybe to be . ''
here it is important to add that while there are not many things we can know about these quantum particles with certainty , one thing we do know is this : like gloves , they have to come in pairs .
this stillness is the most real thing there is .
silence , at its core , is not a dead thing .
as if this was the very thing he was fishing forwhich , as it happens , it was .
she could teach gandhi a thing or two .
a whirlwind history as i implied earlier , were humans not curious we would have no such thing as science today .
now , one could object that there is no such thing as an ideal community of researchers hence no chance of truth according to pierce .
its two central doctrines hold that there is no such thing as a fixed human essence structuring our lives and , further , that our choices are always and only determined by free will .
the last thing i seeor think i seeis a wide grin .
the only thing i have ever heard since that even resembles , or rather , makes a feeble reference to , this music , is the bulgarian choirs which also sing a cappella and weave mysterious fabrics in the air .
but that adds up to the same thing .
that was the thing i could not understand , that absence .
in india , we learn from the moment were old enough to listen , that there is really no such thing as death , i said .
the biggest ever silver cigar on wheels ( did this thing have wheels ?
from within , the only thing that hinted at a trailer was that he could see the opposite side some forty feet ahead .
change will call and call and call for your agreement , but there is no such thing as change .
find in each one thing , no matter how small , that they know is a light of their own making .
it is only a deduced thing .
and you must tell them that the hardest thing to let go , is all that you sense .
the buffington affair was misbegotten from the start and it eventually came to be regretted by all involved , on a personal and business level , eventually ( it bears repeating ) but blaise thought he was successfully living two lives and was oblivious to the increasing estrangement of carmelita , who with a womans sense had already started to see past that the first great blush of romance and toward the second thing , except with blaise she saw no second thing .
it was about a deeper thing inside blaise , or the absence of a deeper thing , or the existence of a thing of fatedness at his center that was completely alien to her and , in some extremely necessary way , to the world .
okay , i want to show you one more thing .
i did nt hear a thing , he said .
be the last thing i see .
he never felt a thing , nothing happened , i m being silly .
there s not a damn thing you can do but go have that baby , he says , reading my mind .
however , we did nt know any thing about the pressures to which he was subjected .
the trip for your goodbye to the bachelorhood is perfect , it is the only thing to which i feel like thinking i have answered , firmly intenzionato to truncate the discussion .
he / she knew a lot of things : he intended of economy and of banks , but also of law and architecture ; you / he / she could speak to you for times of every european plant , but also of animals of asia or the sudafrica ; it perfectly knew the traditions of this place , but also the uses of the aboriginal tribes of the new zelanda or the amazzonia .
i will have fixed , but the sensational thing , the most unbelievable thing of that panorama , is in the not to have considered before never that foreshortening the same of the day .
a thing that puts me to uneasiness is when they make you taste the wine to verify if the bottle is all right .
you / he / she has answered even more serene and happy , as if a stereo funzionante was a thing of which to positively be surprised .
in a first moment i have not given a lot of weight to the thing .
it is a thing that i have been desiring for a lot of time and now it simply seems that there are the bases to be able to realize her / it .
this is a thing typical of italians , a thing that makes me go the blood to the head !
i did n't know whether to feel me honorable of the thing , aware that mark devoted only so much hurry to whom held recettivo , or if scoglionarmi in front of the excessive dose of information .
then you / he / she has added now however we speak of that thing !
i would have been able to decide to launch me in whatever enterprise , to throw away everything , every thing , also not to feel i stay me .
the thing had convinced us and on the base of that sketch i have appraised the job of lello a good execution .
simona in this sense was very more aware , the women feel him / it , they bring inside that thing that for them it is already a finished sense with gradualness ; for me you / he / she has been as an explosion and i am so disoriented from so much happiness that i do n't understand anything .
the last thing i mentioned to ronaldo was that brandon had kept a daily diary .
i do n't condemn her for it , i do n't blame her , for the one thing left her is recollection of the past , and all the rest is dust and ashes .
was it all put into words , or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds , so that there was no need to speak of it aloud , and better not to speak of it .
the problems is , with fantasy as with most things , it tends to run into well - groomed forests of priapic middle fingers .
so the browncoats principal objective was not to be found judged and condemned which entailed disappearing from the scope of the parental planet and so he armed himself with demoniacal patience and clutched the dirt - smudged bottom of his shirt and grit his teeth and spent in the underground passage a period of time that struck him as being equal in duration to all the epic battles between beowulf and his endless parade of giants and dragons and to any titanomachy or any sum and combination of herculean labours and as expected in reality it had hardly been an hour and the boy browncoat hammered life to be too long and crawled out and in this hour although he did not fixate in his memory the flux of his tortured consciousness he later proclaimed himself convinced that he had managed to blame the entire world starting with the idiot world and the idiotic and cruel representatives of unfairly founded parental potency and of course it was only natural that he thought it extremely unjust that his promising haha and youthfully ebullient existence would have to end because of a game that had slipped out of control and in the end of ends how and why the fuck did they expect a fucking pipsqueak who could barely spell [ sisyphus ] to exert any degree of effective control especially in a situation of total jungle absolute warfare but all such mental athletics did not import too very much at the time for the boy brownback was in any case swiftly defeated by a liminal degree of hunger and an overwhelming horror at having to unload his bladder in public especially in a disgusting hole in the ground well cement that was olfactorily and sthetically repulsive and so he returned to his home and his father was there and no one said a thing and the boy browncoats normal existence was pacifically resumed with the tragic results the adult browncoat had before him each mourning or would have in any case if his bathroom mirrour were nt perfectly inundated by cigarette smoke and if he ever actually looked in his mirrour in the mourning or at other times and if he actually used the bathroom or any other ersatz - sanitary facilities ever at all in his legally autonomous ec - sistence but no it would never stop and no why would it and fuckit and fuck that one - eyed girl fuck her in her empty socket would it not have been definitively preferable and seductiver had he become a vagabond and a bohemian at the age of seven at least he would have grown up a man but why all the spittle there was no spittle he was just having a bit of fun because and besides rare were the occasions upon which he ventured to produce a collectors amount of flecks and fountains he was entitled to plan ahead and enjoy them was he not after all was he not a man no of course not he had never claimed to be and if this be a man and shut up and keep talking .
and since the junkies departure she had nt said a thing and even on her best days there was such a shattered globe of hereditary quiet in her not that he could claim to know it and in truth furthermore he hardly knew the girl at all he had just come in for a glass of warmish tea but he found himself challenged by the obstinacy and the ease with which she gave away her self and her papier mch dignity to a mirage of indifference a dervish of deeply lodged splinters a bad poets dream taken seriously they were all such bad poets ultimately .
chapter vii and he ca nt read through the music and he saw the baker whose daughter had died of consumption and the landlady whose brother had died in an early skirmish with the turks and the amateur composer whose wife had died in siberia after proclaiming dubious politics in suspect articles in questionable journals and they all rejoiced and the baked and the landed and the composed danced with their arms entwined and their room spun and he hurt in their ears and he tried a story below them to contain their jubilation in a spilt drop of ink but in the end the writer is not even allowed to live in his writing and the spiller can not hide in his spill though it be dark as a murder and the man of the east can not take partygoers or any other revellers seriously he feels they are actively missing the point the apical engorged point for want of imagination no less a wilted ostentation than that and their joy no rather the contentedness of reasonably happy reasonably fucked up people is a refusal of interpretation and their reasonable affable practicality combed as it is in pink utiles the yoke and the mute of fat pink flesh their practicality is a closing of the eye and from the primacy of practical reason it was always only a step to an hatred of theory and in a culture as theirs there is a bale on storytelling and a quiver in the obstinacy for resolution the skulk and the hiding from the unkindness that read down atop the tablets the husk reared on the stone of the tablets and its descent into the inevitables of the mind its murmuration into the ears of the cry of possibility the leap of understanding that all is not to their pride reason was not a monologic absolute there was always a mouth speaking reason and that mouth was the leash and the truth of reason was in its speaker in his mouth he has an amazing mouth in his gaze in his electric and in the ascension there are no ideas in themselves and in the descent an idea is always somebodys idea and the clutching of the neck of the reasonspeaker and the cowardice overflying the creak and the sloth of the ideationist there was a family of suffering in their immanency and mouths can be stuffed and bodies can be brought into the crash and the bloat of flesh behind reason and the bouquet of larval flesh behind ideas its richness and implausibility these their temporal drift and the intrusion of their decay flesh can be stopped ideas are not immortal merely persistent they are ugly creatures insinuating themselves under the skin and theirs a venereal kindle and their call of ideas their song unsmotherable in flesh untrampled in lamentation unanswerable in kind ideas can not be reasoned with the flesh of men their barren bed and from fleshs death reason draws light feeding on its godgiven flesh even as it dies symbiotically with its prey or rather male man mating with reasons praying mantis the history of ideas littered with signposts of phosphorescent cadavers and so because of death because death is metaphysics circulus vitiosus circulus otiosus fleshs search for truth mans search outside the clamour of reason and its strangled parliaments is a spiritual quest of no finality no aspiration to end no not merely intellectual the quest for truth truth was infinite the intellect was not and flesh could only grasp specks of it reflections in the spectral ice liquefied of broken mirrors and aliquis flesh always longed for times when truth was not so far not enshrined in its own transcendence in childhood yes childhood and a word from the father a word from the mother sufficed to place a lid on the fleshs universe and with the names of objects flesh was given their truth and as the flesh grows and races the father dies away runs off into the crepitation of a dark hallway and can impart no more no nothing merely the viscidity of mumbles down his beard and truth is not given any longer and flesh seeks a truthgiver and god of course is the terminal surrogate father but one who also is capable of abandonment gods abandonment of truth and the flesh seeks truth yearns for its warmth and its light even if it must burn its own meleagrian brand to ignite the truth and in russia the truth of russia was togetherness was love of hearth and family or so the flesh was incessantly told and he was told that god gave one family peoples so that one could through them learn how to love and such were the mythic origins of family and in them the origins of truth and all this all so distant was simply imprinted into the browncoats flesh and his struggles and his myopia in the bright rooms of his childhood where he was taught greek and testament and mental hygiene but of course even then before or perhaps after thought itself had become hygiene he knew he riddled that the brightest rooms are the secret domains of fces and the dances above him were unbearable and he left his room and took to the street and two minutes in the browncoat saw an overturned hackney - carriage and there were four people inside and they had not been able to revert to verticality for lack of space and their heads still pointed downwards and their feet fought against the floor which was now roof and their bodies writhed diagonally and they were trying to get out but the doors were stuck and whenever the passengers put their hands out through the small windows to try to unlock the doors from without the driver who was perched atop the bottom of the carriage now serving as its roof and whenever the driver saw an hand snaking out of the windows he would snap at the hand with his whip as hard as he could and he appeared never to miss and the hand would be forced to withdraw and another hand would try again on the other side and sometimes hands were put out on both sides of the carriage so as to divide and lessen the drivers attention but his instincts were swift and his execution impeccable and the passengers were screaming and pushing and kicking against each other like dogs of war caged before a conflict with enemies riding elephants and there was no room inside them and the men became stuck in the womens elaborate dresses not fit for such travel mens greasy feet upward their tired cunts and they all needed to get out and even when all four passengers let all their hands their hands already marked corroded and dripping skin and sacrificed inflame their hands point outward at the same time they did not manage to progress at all in the unlocking of the faulty doors for the driver was restless and the blades of his whip everywhere and the hands retreated in instinct but the driver never missed and the browncoat would have liked to watch this awhile but unfortunately the two horses who were being crushed as well under the hold - back and in a torturous position they were bleating their gleaming impertinent suffering into the street also and the blare aged intolerable and the browncoat left the street and he had heard recently abducted neighbours discuss a new american fair spiked onto the outskirts of moscow and since he never had any ideas he drifted into the carnival and entered the funhouse and behind him at the entrance a clown in poor makeup was playing of course his violin and the two sets of chords violin and fiddle immixed hungrily like a couple of essentially straight young women magnetized into mutual exploration and of course someone slammed the door behind him and there was but little light inside the funhouse tunnel most of it greedily farmed by the subitaneous dark through the cracks in the thin wooden walls the outside crashing against the thinnest of walls and foaming off again and then as the browncoat walked on he walked and recoiled into a chandelier a low - hanging grand chandelier of rusty axes and mausers and leeenfields and the wooden handles of the axes and the muzzles of the mausers were alight and the browncoat could see that this was a much fatter room than the slides he had passed through to get here and the walls did not look thin and rickety and uncombative as before and despite the light from the chandelier he could not see or remember whence he had come which entrance tunnel nor could he see where he could proceed how he could move forward so the browncoat circles the room and tested the walls and it was not such a large room the circumference was only ten seconds long but he kept missing the connecting tunnels there appeared to be no connecting tunnels and then the brownback tired of walking and sat down under the chandelier and the axe blades rustled and silvered against each other and they sang like a womans voice he was thinking he heard it like a song of escape and opening and the womans song soon perished as did the rustling and brownback thought woman after all is a sometime thing but such a slave of limits of reasonable restricting rules of collaborative social and moral intelligence and perpetuator of denial the murder of self selfhood to serfdom and he the browncoat would sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires but that of course was only an hypothetical he had never had a desire in his conscious life nothing beyond satisfying the amoral physical necessities food air drink masturbation and neither man nor woman had been inside his desire and such as he was desireless he was an inhabitant of the empyrean of sorts not polluted by the convolutions of desire of the psyche a clean expanse before the unconscious and before the moral but of course man had been there may have been there in the prior many have speculated of eden and its philosophy and the fall of course was caused by eve copulating with the serpent for such was womans blood even in the starkest numinous vapidity ( of perfection ) she could find hope dig and claw the interesting out of the tedium an archologist of the entrenched platitude such was woman at her best but after her finest moment she seemed to shrink grew small under her own psychoses and madame for the most played no more and acquired rather expertise at refereeing away from the game and referees are abominated by one and all and as the game changed neither did woman and christ himself the fattest elephant sideways took much after his mother and in so far he was one of the worst of men and outside drowning in a roman well archologists always risk dying moles dying as moles and even so woman and mankind for all their cracked old skin were metaphysical creatures illegible pathic instances of specious apologetics serpent reasonings scuppered theodicies but so prevalent the fatty layers in the human the browncoat could not stop thinking him the human in his the browncoats dark under the chandelier and loath as he was for most introversion the browncoat intuited that his real loathing and his the browncoats real fear is of anything in the plural but insight was cheap and mass reproducible and the browncoat could track no plurality no windy multitudes in his aloneness and solitude was insomnia not the brooding adult insomnia of bike rides across the province but the babys nauseous insomnia the methodical rational trituration of others sleep and of others dare he he dare selfhood through shaking and making the dark ones toy and solitude and the plurals only lesson he the browncoat had ever drawn from plurals was the mathematically fixated il faut tre conome de son mpris tant donn le grand nombre de ncessiteux and the browncoat tracked the dust of the ground with his finger and found many small rocks and he thought rocks were good solid things to have in situations such as his and consequently filled his pockets with them and when all his pockets were reasonably full he picked up the last rock he could find around him without having to relinquish his seating stance to crawl around and look for more rocks under the chandelier and the browncoat threw this last his 37th rock into the air and it turned into a bird a real bird of wings and claw and flew away and flew straight into the chandelier of axes and died hacked to death by its own impetus and the fierce quality of the rocks suicide forced itself on the browncoat like closed mouth vomit one has to swallow again for ones inordinate fear of making a mess below downwards where only cowards gaze no eyes below and he remembered that pleasant fulfilled dreams and thoughts of uncastrated loft are actually as rare as happy music music of the very real and endless sheets flowing white and needless every inch a slave and were the lost feathers floating down on him and sticking to his lips in the vacillating cohesion of newly drawn blood were these feathers art had he made art by investing the room with death for after all every work of art is an uncommitted crime a blushing crime that preserves not him the artist but mens impossibilities and was art so very different from his isolation from the crushing of him by the funhouse asserting itself as a painter in need of fresh pigments dried of the ground browncoat and in the last couplet always the downfall of art itself is perennial the goal of every work of art in that it seeks to bring death to all others all art aims to end art and in it such bastardy such agitation and game mastery all to stifle competing lines to extinguish the unknown running fathers runaway seed in all but one riverbed surviving art killer of marlowe is heir to a mongrel bitch but at this time of aberration the browncoats powers were crescent and he knew so and in his mumbles quiescent language was dictated by hunger for the silent chew their words to fill their bellies many infinite taxonomies for hunger and the browncoat looked upon the blind chandelier and the ostentatious arrogant walls and he remembered of course that [ the ] night was his idea and he walked on into the next tunnel out of the enclosed room but as soon as the cell of the chandelier had reached behind him the browncoat looked back and moved uneasily and he did not quite wish to go where his will was dull demiurge he shifted like an emperors young newly transplanted power - drinking kidney suffering with a crush of ostalgie over its ancient alcoholic dung - farmer master but such was the nature of his prolix indulgence in fine whines they kept him rooted in the particular but afforded him voyeuristic peeks at the general for there is but negative thought satiation was weakness most positive thought is expired ideology and the distance of thought from reality is itself nothing other than the precipitate of history of deaths lineage into concepts but then the browncoat stopped and heard and he was in a thin loose tunnel again and on the other side of the wall outside there was a map of the fayre with large colorful symbols on it pinned to the funhouse wall and an elderly woman was consulting it in the slow blurring of a splintered bores concentration and he the browncoat still locked inside the funhouse on the other side of the map threw his hand out and waved it about quickly and he so slapped that futile cunt on the hand through the wall and made her lose track of where she her finger had been on the map and the elderly woman went away and he was left alone with the map on the other side of the wall and the map was probably wrong anyway and the browncoat moved on muttering that the best samaritans name was simon and that walk no further that way sodomy lies or perhaps happiness either way turn around and so he did but he could not go back since back would somersault him in limber taunts whenever he turned to go back and point the nether way and he knew not the way and he thought he could solve the antinomy of going back on himself simply by walking backwards without turning around first and he did this awhile but nothing came of it nothing much for the slide tunnels did not end and the browncoat resigned his person to the forward movement forward was arbitrary what did he know regardless slashing the air and possibly the dark in two with his clutched face walking his hazy drip of a walk a walk and face that very dogs disdained pissing on him in his midwalk in the lower alleys running up next to him and walking next to him and pissing on him in their the dogs midstride the browncoat had a wasted take on walking and this he thought strange for walking seemed ever to be most of what he the browncoat did on any given night but he walked across the calendar and hopped across the red splashes the red days and walked into the basements of the calendar and thus the long tunnels of the funhouse were no novelty to him the browncoat merely told the thin walls to still their esperance for he did not intend to collapse under them and he should not seep under them and root them up but also did the brownback know that as a rule a smart man is someone who can not tell a lie without believing it himself rules of self - preservation the budding art of living with oneself didactic blossoms short words long smiles nights of the long smiles but at least the standing man could boast that he and his were not boring what would the brownback say nothing why would he why want to say something any thing at all and the brownback remembered a child yelling in the street tearing out of one eye just one his mother pacing the staircase of a nearby house and the child yelling that he the child could hold his own and quieter yeah hold his own simply by not having one an own he meant or so the brownback understood it the childs release of his own and the brownbacks thoughts and caprices whirred around his cranium alight the thoughts like benevolent overgrown globules of fat rapt in a game of american football malevolent globules of fact but fact was not to his the brownbacks liking he erected refuge in imagination but for most imagination is weak susceptible well - trod divided imagination is inflamed by women who lack precisely imagination and such women confront their imaginers portraits and phantasies of them the women and tear and have at them with a ravens fury why the problem of originality their beautiful sin is not to be idolised outside themselves their sublime sinning a guarantee of ink defying magnetism an altar to ones originality seals one in ones discarded artefacts renders ones every novelty or young act an icon of ones ankylosis and so what is left why murdering ones followers for standing men and superb women alike in viability but at present murder is so so where s the poise so newspapery and with or without murder one seeks constance of some sorts tis weak but inevitable for no knowledge of changing objects if knowledge changes tis sterile speculation the ontology of gossip but what is constant is not an invariant quantity of suffering but its progress towards hell and hereinafter would he the brownback no longer fall tangled into the unscratchables of his cranium no more would he descend into the whirls and mists of transverberation and so the brownback walked but he did not have long to walk since one of the panels of the rickety tunnel walls arrested him he heard a dialogue outside they were a man and a woman voices rusty enough to betray their middling ages and the man assured the woman that he spoke to her in troth and confidence and the man outside who as he spoke convinced the brownback listening beyond the wall but not seeing further and further that he the man outside was in point of fact rather an old man but speaking in youth young language and the old man spoke to the woman who in silence revealed herself rather an old woman but thinking youth and the old man spoke of mummifying the orgasms plateauing the quivers nobility demanded no less of him and thus his face and tonality of body spelt out pure will sicked on cock and then the old man said to the old woman that twas not easy and that my internal monologue is performed by many people and she misheard him and thought he had said infernal and found this very savage and rebellious and rightly said for youth well embraced in the apoplexia of dialectics and theirs a task both opposed and mated to the yelping standard of unwording the world and the old woman stares ravenously at the old man and the man does not stop speaking he accelerates his ideas heat up bump into each other and deflagrate and his tongue pours nay sweats oil and acid on all their fires and all their bullets and finally the man bites his tongue in the rabid fury of his pontification bites hard and the severed portion of the mans tongue flies off and he bleeds profusely and the woman looks on and he drops his gaze to the ground which hungers for his falling blood and the man himself falls on the woman and they are both lying down and the blood is falling on the woman down his chin onto her face into her mouth inside her widening but never enough nostrils behind her ears across her neck over her breasts throughout her voluptuously spiderwebbed hair such pretty hair another occasion he would have bit into it and the man stuffs his elbow in her mouth and wraps her nose sealed in his fist and the blood still fell and they were two or perhaps they were one and then one and the blood but the blood was so many and streams directions growthrates territorial annexations and a blind red kingly smile the blood was smiling it was nt as dramatic and literary as the blood really etching the discernible form of a smile across her clothes and the ground beneath them it was the blood just smiling at him a simple elemental smile drenching her clothes in its fulsome sapience and superiority there were whetstones and ancient hilts in that smile in every one of the many smiles of the many bloods and a darkness metallic and then he realized the blood was smiling back at him for he had been housing an infectious rictus also in the ruins of his tautened face he was smiling the blood was smiling his smile imprinted on the blood and imprisoning the blood and imprisoned in the blood as soon as the blood left the mouthmother and fell aerial to its hegemony below and the woman was laughing giggling silencing her merry tremors failing then letting loose and laughing loudly and vulgarly laughing through the fist in her mouth unable to stop and at this his smile widened the blood smiled harder as well and he bored deeper and with his other fist crushed her nose into graven skin and beaten mucus and at this she started jerking him off pulling him out of his pants caressing and stroking and tickling the undershaft and running gentle circles around the glans with the nail and the soft pillow of her index and at this the man gyrated slowly back and forth inside her hands with a monotonous passion like that of a seed bull too small to mount a larger cow of a different species and she was cradling him shelter and cupping his balls and palming his abdomen and lightly pinching his nipples and sliding her thin long - nailed fingers one by one in an humid ballet from the tip of his penis down the shaft over the testicles across the perineum and in and around his asshole and without letting go of her without releasing her air or her speech he entered the woman and it was quick and so he looked down at her and she was blank and she stared through him and this time he d lasted over a minute and the blood was part of the scenery and the blood was the scenery and he had no more to bleed for her he had stopped bleeding by now and she stared through him and he dived into her and bit into her shoulder and conquered many layers of something - dermas and a couple of slates of flesh and he emerged with skin and new blood in his mouth and he spat it all in her face and back on the spot of her shoulder whence he had wrenched it and she looked smaller now because of the blood orchid in full bloom occupying the spring of her shoulder like a rorschach guardian angel but otherwise nothing had changed and finally but not so long after the man got up shook his feet one by one and he was a small string of a man with weak arms and bad sleeveless shirts in the evening chill that highlighted and mocked the weakness of his arms which weakness mocked the bad sleeveless shirts in turn and she saw him shiver under the chill but only ever so slightly and he told the woman ever supine that if we you or i seek immortality well then tough because so does the cancer cell and upon this he spat on the funhouse wall and the listening prone browncoat recoiled and fell on his ass but the browncoat listened still and the old woman was looking at the vertical old man and then he and his adverbs walked out of her life the old womans life but there was yet crawling in his journal yet to be read and some time after the old man had disappeared the old woman got up as well and rubbed her shoulder and raised the straps of her dress onto their proper positions digging into her shoulder wound and dusted herself to a suitable if modest degree of cleanliness and walked away also and for some hours there was nothing else for the browncoat to listen to and finally he too resumed the biped and walked out of the funhouse and looked around at the fayre and some people but not many told him the browncoat that his hair had whitened and the browncoat shrugged dgueulasse and he could not think of much else to do or much place to go and so he was so bored he taking candy from the devil a novel robert p. kaye published by robert p. kaye at smashwords copyright 2010 robert p. kaye cover by ellie mathews smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
i d find excuses not to go to school , like fake stomach aches and that sort of thing ?
you do nt understand a goddamned thing , do you ?
not a thing changed since he was a kid .
i never thought that music - an opera - could - convey the same thing .
i have nt been able to put a thing on paper .
maybe we are supposed to go through all this trouble learning things , breaking things , cluttering everything up and then just like that rocketing off to distant planets without cows or butter or ants or flowers , hopefully bringing some of them with us , but i know , not all of them .
you ca nt see a thing and i did nt dare risk crashing around in the bush when i was less than a hundred yards from the camp .
never asks anyone else for a thing .
that was the only thing that i knew about mormons for sure .
i did nt know the first thing about how the hells angels operated .
its just that this week , i ve begun tryouts for my ball team and , well , my husband knows what tryouts week is like for mei am absolutely exhausted at the end of the day and the only thing i want when i get home is a bath and bed .
i keep looking at it from a distance , to see if i can detect something about its facial characteristics that indicate alien , but i ca nt see a thing .
nah , i do nt think there is such a thing as friendly aliens .
` ` a little bit , though i do n't know a thing about andrei tarkovsky . ''
the only thing left behind was a note , written on the back of a restaurant receipt : ' now , you 'll have time . '
` ` no , see , that 's the thing .
laconic little thing .
i did nt know that there was such a thing as stages of the grieving process .
the only thing he wanted from her was her agreement that it had to be this way .
i did get you one little thing .
neil refused to look at anyone at all and pretended the far wall was the most interesting thing he 'd seen in years .
hope was a dangerous , disquieting thing , but he thought perhaps he liked it .
i ' m just going to ask a couple questions about why you started playing and where you hope to go from here , that sort of thing .
she never asked him a thing .
i do nt know a thing .
raquan begged for forgiveness and casper still loving his son offered him the waters at the very edge of celestia to rule , and there they remained , with no beauty and no charm , they only thing that was left was their voice and that grew and developed into a weapon of revenge , so that no man who heard it would ever survive .
in case you are reading this in some time when atlantia has re - submerged just as the scientists had predicted , there are a few things you should know about that wonderful little place .
i m not an engineer , but i know a thing or two about physics .
the only thing in common might have been that they each yearned for a reinstatement from the lord of the old eye - for - an - eye doctrine .
` ` nothing could ruin a beautiful thing like yourself tara ingeston , not even me .
that night you knocked on her window , i should have told her then you only wanted one thing . ''
and you 're the closest thing i got to a benefactor .
that 's about the only thing i ever took seriously and it 's served me well .
` ` god , you do n't miss a thing from here do you pad , '' joked hugh , ` ` he had a bit of a problem with his teacher . ''
i ca n't hear a thing . ''
you know , want 's to get up and make breakfast for you , that sort of thing .
up until now i had to sate my appetite with pictures , but pictures were never justice for seeing the real thing .
can such a thing even exist , surely all things have colour ?
trust me , i know a thing or two about keeping secrets .
i thought you were about the cutest thing i d ever seen .
melpomenes lapis - eyed gaze is the first thing that greets me .
but there s still one thing i do nt understand .
a friend of mine says the girls in the dormitories call it love is a long and slender thing .
they may be the best thing i ve tasted since .
kane : it 's the most beautiful thing i ever heard .
kane : there 's no such thing as a casual goodbye .
he would treat her as she deserved- he would love her , and anika could n't say a thing about it .
if you 'll let me speak- kane : you planned all of this and did n't tell alma a thing ?
everything had always been handed to me , and that song was the first thing i ever earned .
hank : if you think i ' m going to live a day without my music then you do n't understand the first thing about me .
good thing little kids were oblivious to such things .
although that was just a semantic thing and an excuse to make it more palatable for myself , i knew what it was and so did he .
i could nt understand a thing that was on the board .
she continued as if i had nt said a thing .
personally i d include a lot more various ways to experience the indescribable power of the great love ; without the fear of death and loss - or the distaste of breaking up marriages no such thing as separation .
and you ca n't think of a damn thing .
` ` is that the sweetest thing you ' ve seen in ages , or what ? ''
she traveled a bit , but more than anything she spent time with amelia ; not the hurried , i m in a rush and i m trying to fit you into my schedule type of thing , but she was genuinely present , as if she had nowhere else to go and nothing else to do .
there is only one thing we do not understand and to truly be the gods that we were created to be , we must grasp the secret of creation .
aching injuries disappeared , exhaustion gave way to exhilaration , and though there may have been tremors or aftershocks in the earth below them , neither felt a thing except their own connection .
but catholicism has good things that these country religions do nt have .
the only thing i remember is that he loved clair de lune .
the first thing i noticed was piano playing .
the first thing i wanted to know was what was happening on the improv stage .
it was as if their entire existence were merely a surface impression photographically reproduced so as to represent the real thing . ''
the important thing to remember is that i am ... now !
but of course her lips never moved , for in paradise all is experienced directly and no thing is increased or made more meaningful by verbal comment .
indeed , the only thing he could definitely find out was that the enemy was different .
and as she sat on the bed , the witch thing came back to her with a new intensity .
so a poem , today , will not be done , even though it would be such fun damn paradox in a poem you ll find it here , or maybe not , it depends , i suppose , on what you ve got , eyes to read , mind to think , an answer there within a blink ; if , of course , its really here , and not a mystery upon which to fear , an enigma with no answer at all , a psycho - maze to enthral ; but that s the thing about a paradox , hard to wrap up in a box , its here , it is nt , can we interdict ?
this is principally because they contain facts ; and believe me , there is no such thing as an absolute fact , no matter what gradgrind said .
of course , if this is so , then we can argue that writers block is no such thing .
you d enjoy it , too , i m sure you would , believe me it is very good ; you d find it is exceeding fine , with a marvellously melodious rhyme , but i ve lost that damn last line shadow life i want to be here , so let me out , i want to exist , not as doubt ; i m real , if not completely defined , give me life please be kind ; there s room in there for me as well , no need for fear on which to dwell ; give me space to thrive and grow , to stop me would be a cruel blow ; i may not be as corporeal as you , but this is so with all things new ; ill grow , ill thrive , ill adapt in time , and now i m complete , i rhyme no time no time to write this poetry thing , got to get on , really zing , make it quick , let it sing , i ve finished ping !
such a precious thing is time , think it out , make it rhyme , ignore the clock , do nt listen to the chime , produce the words , make people think , sublime happy endings happy endings , we love them so , in a story we love to go , from beginning to end in a frenzied haste , providing the villain , he is displaced ; and hero and heroine , they come together , after adventure , adversity , endeavour ; the writers job is thus to define , the threads of life that do entwine , people and circumstance , good or bad , as long as we get that cruel cad ; but wait a mo , is this really so ?
my mom and i had talked about that kind of thing a lot .
and if i lost them both , i realized there d be only one thing left to lose .
the only thing in the business school further from the humanities was the fill - in - the - blank , make - sure - it - ties - out field of accounting .
though it seemed he had forgotten the whole hated - editor thing , here we were again , still at odds .
` ` appointed by the muir foundation for his delicate sensitivity to all things ecological , his loves for birds and trees and flowers , and his shrewd judgment of what constitutes great literature . ''
her now- denuded back , with its moles and strawberry marks , was a lovely thing to behold .
we arrived at the coffee shop about fifteen minutes early , such was our excitement and nervousness to set this thing into motion , whatever this thing was to be .
the only thing i did nt see coming , ralph was saying , was that goddamned plymouth .
i realized i had neglected to jerk off for four days , strange how you can forget a thing like that .
not a thing about the movie .
the hardest thing in mans mind is to be tolerant of another or to keep an open mind .
she acts like she is sharing this thing with me .
when she discovered i did nt know a thing about craps , she turned the conversation back over to abbey and reclaimed her copy of win , win , win : a primer for games of chance and flipped through pages .
perhaps he could learn a thing or two from the minister .
the day of he had nt known a thing at first .
and likewise i , harbouring knowledge of julias own life history , revealed not a thing of my thoughts .
i came up beside the singer , complementing her on the music , following up with questions about her gig how she got it , why france that sort of thing .
i carried on , asking about some of his colleagues , about the viability of the private operating facility , patient throughput - that sort of thing .
or the music ; he wished to disown that record , but could nt do a damn thing to change it .
they got nothing on me baby , not a single goddamned thing .
she liked to eat , walked with no trouble , but was a tiny thing .
ca nt do a thing to change it .
ill always love you penn , not a fucking thing i can do about it .
i love you , ca nt do a thing to change that , loving you , that is .
crystal would nt say a thing .
phil knew exactly why chuck had confessed , but knowing why did nt ease phils mind , and probably would nt do a thing to appease julia .
chuck made his decision , took his chances , and for forty years , no one suspected a thing .
the other thing helen was planning to give carl at the end of the year was a partners stake in the law firm .
the last thing she wanted from an associate , especially a male associate , was drama ; sometimes women cried when they were angry or tired , but a male litigator could nt afford to seem soft .
that is one fine thing you got .
there is no such thing as choice .
we can work on that whole first - name basis thing .
the whole thing made her feel wistful and almost a little tearful .
there was one thing and he would not , no , not ever , take it from her .
as long as you do nt fall off that horse , i wo nt say a thing .
just one more thing she could nt explain to frank .
as we neared the elevator he came running down the hall , tiny , nervous , not wanting to miss a thing .
he had read the religious scriptures and had realized that all rational men and men of genius sought only one thing from god .
monku , i really miss ashu to know what he takes out of your wisdom thing .
first of all , the idea of meaningful action , what we term as our karma , has become such a misinterpreted thing that our world view has become majorly faulty .
milk definitely tastes better and is also good for health but still i drink this bitter thing because it works for me .
this suggests ; wisdom is such a simple thing ; it is such an amenable reality that even a child can understand it .
and the last thing is the compassion of the almighty .
management walks all over us , and the union does nt do a thing to stop them .
although at the center there was no such thing as a typical background for one of the clients , earls story did nt stand out as particularly shocking .
he s ignorant , and he s arrogant , and i just ca nt stand to see a guy who knows the difference between right and wrong choose wrong and then thumb his nose at me because he knows i ca nt do a damn thing about it .
there s no such thing as evidence with him , because what he says is right .
by all accounts it was very swift , he would nt have felt a thing .
once she would have changed his past , but she knew it was not possible to change even the smallest thing without changing everything else .
5 or youth dew , i did nt know the first thing about perfume .
the bookstore was the only thing familiar to himthe image of the telephone behind the coffee bar had flashed instantly in his mind .
the first thing she noticed was the vast low - pitched roar of the glittering sea .
the girl who had a firm grasp of positive and negative integers did nt understand a thing about social service administration .
you do nt know the first thing about business etiquette .
that s why she never accomplished a damn thing with her education .
it has sour cream and orange juice and apricots and some crazy spice that can only be found in the remote mountain regions of sicily but do nt quote me on the sicily thing .
` ` i read the book in high school but ca n't remember a thing . ''
still feeling sure they could nt know a thing his mind came back to dane .
johnny wo nt tell us a thing about what s happened .
she told him shed back soon and not to worry about a thing .
she clutches the book to her chest to her belly to her stomach it is a thing of the gut a thing she senses down there twisting churning an awful feeling that makes her feel small and young and afraid again that feeling which always takes her back to the worst times of her life waiting for her father to come home and punish her for some infraction a broken vase or a curse - word spoken waiting for her boyfriend to notice that she is five days late and she is n't sure she does n't know and what is going to happen to her she 's only nineteen not old enough no not even close to old enough for that waiting for david the night before the wedding wondering if she is doing the right thing if she is going to regret this if she is good enough for him if she will make him happy to waiting to find out about the college 's investigation to hear what it is her husband has done with this girl this child this student it is that inescapable dread which twists down there way inside that fills you up and forces out all other things all emotions all joy turned sour and all pleasure turned rank it is the essential unease so unbearable it drives you eventually into the arms of the horrible thing only so that it will at last be over with done and gone .
the same copy she bought down the street from the movie theater years ago she felt ashamed of it of giving it to him she wanted to say no i love you love your book not that other thing but she could n't speak her voice was trapped in her throat she had never been paralyzed before not even after she kissed the girl she loved for the first time no this was a more powerful intoxication than any love any sex this was fame this was something beyond she just shook her head .
time is a slippery thing she 's never been capable of keeping a firm hold upon the present she is a lingerer always thinking that it is not so late as it is and always caught out in the night .
-not at all / it 's refreshing / half the people here only read because they think it makes them look smart / the two - faced fuckers / not worth spit and do n't know a fucking thing about real literature .
and they 'd done it better , wrenched more real feeling out of the thing than i 'd ever done .
there was no such thing as a shower stall beyond the border of romania and bettina lost count of how many rolls of ruined toilet paper she drenched during a groggy morning bathing ; the remnants of them were stuck in - between the moldy tiles , slowly disintegrating .
they were two beings inside the world with rucksacks on their shoulders whom happened to cross paths , but cedric felt something else , something climbing the stairs of his vertebra and he could nt help but call it boredom and another thing he could nt help but call loneliness , this is ultimately what spain offered him .
the door was unlocked and the first thing that greeted him was his packed bag , zipped up and ready at the door .
rod felt guilty about having to go out for such a trivial thing as a couple of small batteries for a wall clock and leaving watcha so soon .
` ` you are fond of that sort of thing ? ''
i can stand it no longer , but i have just ascertained one good thing : the room is precisely the shape for a theatre ; and with the doors at the end communicating with each other , as they may be made to do by merely moving the bookcase in my father 's room , is the very thing we could have desired . ''
miss crawford listened ; and all her intended insinuations to fanny were forgotten : she felt only one thing ; and she exclaimed with eager pleasure , ` ` did edmund ?
the only problem was that he could not explain such a thing to her , for he had never seen her before , and because wisdom about such things has now entirely vanished from the world .
and please : show them how they should love , really love , which is the most important thing of all .
nothing , nada , not a thing .
like i said , i have n't heard a thing .
what was the most basic thing he 'd lacked in bed : an imagination , a grasp of female geography ?
my favorite thing was when he brought home the vault and gave us all safety deposit boxes to keep the things we really treasure , the things that were private and precious .
ian interjected , the only thing really left of oral tradition is music .
in telling his own story to megan he was trying to get her to understand the same thing .
the only thing it leaves is more walls and more fear .
by then i was living at the farm and starting to feel like i belonged to a real family and then i was feeling things that i thought would make them reject me all over again .
the only thing he knows about his race is what he s learned from books and a few visits .
the only thing of value they had were three raw sapphires his father had procured and hidden in case the family would one day need to escape .
she always said that sex was the best thing she had to give .
the only thing my patients have in common is pain .
moving from one place to another through space and time is the most ordinary thing in the world , but a choreographer can make that something that is indescribably moving , if you ll pardon the pun .
another thing that i miss .
that is a precious and rare thing it seems to me .
if such a thing as wells time machine could exist i would surely go back to that age .
she calls her affair with him her ' summer of love ' and says that love making is the most natural and beautiful thing in the world .
i am not sure that i believe that there is any such thing as fate or any kind of guiding hand making decisions over such things .
it is such a thing of hope to know that strangers understand and care so much that they would risk themselves just so that ordinary folk like you and i may correspond .
it makes me wonder if there ever was such a thing as freewill .
mum said she knew my brain was alright when i told matthew he was a fucken idiot because there s no such thing as a left - handed ratchet !
i handed over rolands pyjamas so the dogs could get the scent , but the only thing they located was the little red and yellow boat .
santiago locals are very curious about tourists , and the first thing they want to know is how much you love their country .
she was a sexy little thing , but you could tell by those bedroom eyes of hers she was nt keeping herself pure .
what must be said hinges not on such a fragile thing as memory , nor on identity , nor on belief , nor on understanding , nor on obligation , nor on virtue .
concurrent with this process of forgetting , his mental recognition of the external world grew hazier and hazier , until there existed for him no longer any comprehension of his place in the larger order of things ; he came only to perceive the universe in terms as basic and autonomic as his own involuntary reflexes .
believe it or not , there is such a thing as overthinking it !
he had seen a doctor about this , but the doctor told him that there was no such thing as sleep paralysisthat he was merely dreaming that he was lying in his bed paralyzed and nothing more .
peter felt that he ought to take up the slack in the conversation but could nt think of anything to say.he did nt know much about football agents , except that some of them were rumoured to take bribes and backhanders - but that did nt seem a particularly diplomatic thing to raise at this point .
the only thing preventing me from sending you out there with it to do our lawn is that lou 's broke last week .
i had never before committed to any future plans beyond graduation , nor even hinted at such a thing .
uncanny , inexplicable things like dj vu , telekinesis , garden gnomes or spirits from the past .
and you did nt suspect a thing .
never found a thing but rock and more rock .
` ` i know exactly the thing ! ''
he had never known why luster did that sort of thing .
i do nt go for the whole lotus position thing , or any of that other stuff , incense , candles , prayer beads , anything like that .
two hundred miles away , there was probably some fool putting on his shooting earmuffs and dialing in , messing around in places where he had no business , and playing with things he did not understand .
he never got a damn thing from me in his whole lifehed love this i could make him one .
he asks i look down as if i had nt noticed the bandages that covered each one of my toes have you heard of this barefoot running thing ?
see , that is just what i expect from my all star building superintendentsgoing above and beyond he says is that a real thing ?
and there is no such thing as a perfect model , if there was , we would have stumbled upon it by now , but then , there is always too a time for the artists to shout out like that screaming horse in guernica .
as melissa had rehearsed , she tells him that she came here because her father wished her to spend time in a place near nature and learn good things about yoga .
then make this digging thing simple for me to understand .
it is shivs personality , which made me understand this simple thing .
shiv bows his head in complete deference of the most precious thing coming his way the innocent trust of the empress .
once we reach the end of it , you shall find that it is the most beautiful thing to talk about .
and that peanut butter had to be grown in a field way down in the south in some of the darkest , richest soil in this great country of america with an old tractor that had probably seen some better days and that tractor had to plow that dark rich soil on a cold dawn and ill bet it broke down six times before that field was ever plowed correctly for peanut planting and you better believe that every line that tractor lay down was straight or that farmer would have plowed the field over , right smack dab from the start , and that was where the peanuts were planted by the wrinkled hands of an old southern gentleman -- who knows his name , because i m the only one who s listening to this gall darned story and really interested in the way real things are made in this world ! -- and those peanuts had to be dug out of the ground when they were ready to be harvested and those peanuts had to be washed in a great big tub and those peanuts had to be trucked across the continent and those peanuts had to be run on assembly lines until they hardly knew who they were any more and they had to be roasted in a great , hot oven , and this is also what your swiss relatives did in indiana to make a living , roasting peanuts , so hot that people had to be checking its gauges and valves night and day in case it got too hot and exploded those peanuts and the whole factory with it , hotter than billy - be darned , and then those peanuts that you are dropping on ants so carelessly had to be dumped into hoppers to be mixed up in a great big vat and poured into a glass and a label had to be stuck onto it and it had to be boxed and it had to be trucked all the way out here to arizona from a factory in chicago at great expense and trouble and now you re about to feed it to an ant .
she s the most muddled up little thing .
i wonder is a dangerous thing to say , but nothing dangerous is forever , certainly not wondering , and there is an end to that when the last thing we wonder about is finally revealed .
by traveling into the countryside , mother believed we were increasing our knowledge of the cowboy princes environment , learning arizona history and correspondingly we were increasing the chance that we would run into one of them at a country store , under a large oak tree , in the wilds of arizona , and mother seemed certain that then she would discuss library science or hawthorne or some such thing and introduce her children to people of prominence , people of real substance , people who secretly owned arizona .
we wo nt miss a thing , dad promised .
promotion by a lot of show - off men who do nt know a thing about animals .
he sat there with the dumb box and the dumb little bean elephant on his lap not doing a thing and not complaining either .
you do learn some fascinating things when you travel to the far western regions of the country and especially when you visit this most wonderful state of arizona .
i do nt know the first thing about bookbinding .
even the shooting pain , its just this thing that i notice and try to set aside , like unwanted chatter when you d rather be alone .
too many sweet things are laced with sorrow , she thinks .
heres one more thing , cara says , and i promise ill dig out all those letters .
the last thing i remember is having drinks at bradys and trying to avoid eye - contact with my life - long crushthe gorgeous , unattainable maximilian hallowell .
the rest of the world could learn a thing or two from you , han .
you could learn a thing or two from hanna , maggie .
he watches , and that s what does it for mehis gaze between my legs , like that private bit of me is the most beautiful thing he s ever seen , the rising and falling of his chest as i slide my hands up my inner thighs .
that sort of thing you just do nt understand at all .
honestly sara , i could teach you a thing or two in your little flower business .
i did nt want to forget a thing .
i could feel our surroundings race past us , though i could nt see a thing .
the electronic lock by the door was the only thing that made the meter jump .
it is hard for your mind to conceive such a thing as balance , we know , but such feeble limitation does not hinder the truth .
i ca nt see a bloody thing , she said as she tripped over roberts feet .
so climb into the warm bed , i ' m the same damn sleepy head but now i feel like a whore still come the morning who am i to say your love is boring when i walk out that door flight of the raven devil dives , dark cellar nights images of death , visions of light heavenly tantrum in her hot tempered time burning for something so undefined things that confirm or contradict every word like i said she s no kindhearted bird fanciful in such sweet heated flesh we touch , we taste , until nothings left except lost time , illusion 's cold self the fight to bring back the pleasures of hell sick sordid feelings that can not be cured like i said she s no kindhearted bird one last flourish , her hand on my mouth my hand on her sex , perfume flowing out danger dance , the tuck and extend the rocking disease , joys never mend until we grasp what dread ecstasy heard fly away into the gray into the black into the fray fly away you cruel , o so beautiful bird sad girl she danced alone in the light of the moon and said , i feel just like some witch that i saw in a cartoon she cried six tears but they were not hers and if they are , she thought , i can never know for sure - i am too alone and so afraid there may not be a world outside the one we ve made with our minds and in our lust she took out a five - dollar bill , it said , in god we trust then she laughed , and she laughed again i do nt know you but i believe - abraham lincoln - there s a way out of here with that said she took off her dress and pounded down a beer under the stars , by the sea fourscore and seven years ago everyone was free under the stars , by the sea fourscore and seven years ago everyone was free but is that really true ?
i asked as her train slowly pulled away he was a rich old man with a coppertone tan and wearing a green beret so with my hands in my pants i guess , ` ` it 's all about chance '' and there 's really nothing left to say picker uppers ( bottom feeders ) said he needed a picker up a picker up , to pick her up said he needed a picker up i wonder what he wants she said shed be over in a little while arrive in style with sex appeal and smiles said shed be over in a little while but he 's been waiting for her all night so he asks the dark to speak the light to reap what the soul does keep so he asks the heart to hear the prayer that knows no fear said she needed a golden ring boots from spain and many other things said she needed a servant who sings i wonder what she wants he told her he 'd be there before too long looking strong , singing her favorite song told her he 'd be there before too long but she 's been waiting for him all night so she asks the dark to speak the light to reap what the soul does keep so she asks the heart to hear the prayer that knows no fear said he needed a picker up she said she needed something too they met together after dark where the neon lights are blue and nobody i mean nobody where nobody i mean nobody not a single soul breaks through terribly beautiful is there a distance ?
another closed white door because that sorry line 's been used a million times still i pass her on the street , and she smiles at me with a kindness in her eyes that never tells a lie but tonight in a neon club , or another smoky pub the world drinks down its sorrow to forget about tomorrow then we , laughing in the sun naked for no one i feel we have begun like a dream to break away at least my little darling that 's what i pray now that i ' ve become a man , i do all that i can i do all that i want , according to his love still you see me on the stage , ticking off with rage playing these little games , in the name of fate for i fall standing alone , or when i cast a stone trying to be a star , girl tell me who you are because you come to me in visions , shaking off red ribbons all these things that you possess , thinking that you 're blessed then we , laughing in the sun naked for no one i feel we have begun like a dream to break away at least my little darling that 's what i pray if you do nt have a home oil - well harry has so much money its scary landslide charlie as his name suggests is just doing his best but whether you ve got a million or barely one working bone man , you ai nt got a thing if you do nt have a home of course all homes are nt houses or is it , all houses are nt homes ?
let your body sway and swing to the tune of paradise coming soon just listen to this lovely lady sing reaching me there was music in the meadow a girl with flowers in her hair but i passed by on the highway you know i did nt seem to care when she called my name much later in a paris night life trance she held out her hand to me but i did nt know how to dance with one so kind and graceful with one so kind and pure i left her , no i ran from her not wanting the simple cure she was reaching in the night from fright for just one soul that she could trust it seems to me - she s dancing wild on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us a childhood misgiving comes to me through this mellow air breaking my sweet intoxication driving me to despair for the love of a lifetime is nothing more than the love of now again i see her reaching out again i do nt know how the things that mean so little could grow so large and bold in the crazy minds of children locked out in the cold reaching in the night from fright for just one soul they can trust it seems to me they re lost on the sea like each and every one of us like each and every one of us still there is a silence few dare to comprehend for it is deeper than the darkness of a soul that will not mend and yet its not too far off from any of us standing in the forest nobody thought that s the problem i guess shed be the one to walk out like she did she made a scene yeah it was so ugly it was beautiful but you had to know someone would have the guts to silence you in time and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all those things you taught her all the smart things you said since she was very young in your school , your lovely school but still she s not completely free for she hears what you d say here and so can not see the forest for the trees and back in the classroom though she s not there in spirit a hundred drowsy zombies pretend that they do nt hear it this buzzing in your words or the song in their hearts yes she just said bury the dead and it was poetry in motion a case of god in love perfect art and she s standing in the forest trying to put to death all your fine observations all the witty things you said since she was very young now she s forgetting every one as she stares up at the stars a dim and dying voice stutters no , no , the human eye ca nt see that far but she sees farther than you thought or did you ever think ?
- did n't you know teacher all philosophy begins in wonder and vague and nebulous are the beginning of all things but not their end and i would have you remember me as a beginning and not as an end i mean it 's golden unseen glimmering i mean it 's green blood against a sanguine sun on the rise tonight jerusalem jerusalem so on this most peculiar night i fight not to stay in tune but rather struggle to put down the sound of tomorrow 's noon since i must sleep now that 's there 's work to do and with a scab and in the cab i clap my hands with a scab and in the cab i clap my hands with a scab and in the cab i clap my hands and pay the man what 's due - ` ` thank you '' then i turn real slow and go walking through i turn real slow and go walking through yes i turn real slow and go walking through fields of am ... fields of amber blue i turn real slow and go walking through neon fields of amber blue to find , to finally find my way to find , to finally find my way to find , to finally find my way back home jerusalem she is beautiful that much is true she is beautiful that much is true she is beautiful that much is true tonight though the world is warring madly our money , down the drain and there is no reason to believe we ' ve ever loved except in vain my hand is twitching terribly my lips have turned bright blue i ' m standing on a precipice and i do n't know what to do but she is beautiful that much is true she is beautiful that much is true she is beautiful that much is true tonight though dreams hit like a hammer break my skull and bleed my heart and the girl who i thought would end my woe has left me for a shark i feel no need to clamor or complain about my fears nor risk annihilation by asking , ` ` is god even here ? ''
sweet , sweet despair sweet , sweet despair so winter had set like a trap from above gray thoughts and heated halls then she stepped out at the same time as him and they met up at the mall ' love at first sight ' the idiots say ' kiss me darling if you dare ' but what if the two should come together as one o lord hear their prayer sweet , sweet despair sweet , sweet despair blessed are you my children yes , blessed are you my children enter here sailing to zion tired of the fuss and fret tired of the fear people running around like fools never any music here so someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long gon na sail away to zion some say it 's a symbol some say it 's a place me , i say it 's a state of mind where we can live free from hate so someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long gon na sail away to zion do n't need a ticket to go there do n't need money or a key all you need is love for your neighbor and even for your enemy so someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long someday soon and it wo n't be long gon na sail away to zion skeleton key ( the human disease ) come and let 's discover the sorrow of beauty the blindside of loving at the root of all things like death in a boxcar , sparks from a fallen star the tears in your eyes , love , that you forgot to cry so i cheered her with laughter and went home right after crawling on my knees trying to find the key the white and moonlit key to unlock the human disease is n't it uncanny what we 'll do for money yes it 's quite unnerving , the way she tells me that she loves me so i take her much too lightly , and she hardly ever sees me still we dance the night electric , pretending that we 're godly o hell fire deliver us from this soggy generation nation of half - hearted half - witted and redundant crawling on their knees trying to find the key the black and bloody key to unlock the human disease but if my hands were flames that could shake the icy sea within perhaps i would have met him the man i missed in brussels and laughed at in manila the soldier on my trophy rack waving an american flag and an ak-47 while the radio played in all these places - ` ` just another brick in the wall '' so i see through the bloody sham i drop my chin and understand then everything is dead to me because i am the man there 's silence in the passing of each and every life whether it be mother , sister , lover , friend or wife father or brother , daughter or son i will howl after death until this damned thing is done and my hands are wrapped around his neck and my gun has broken both his knees and i 'll make that pale bitch swallow his skeleton key see us see me in the wind , my friend see me on the wave see me riding high and dry without a song to play see me with a cigarette see me with a girl see me next time around i will win the world but see me with an axe to grind see me red with shame see me looking for my self locked outside my name and if by chance you meet me there in desolation , doubt , and chains take my hand because you 're a better man lead me out of the rain then perhaps , you 'll find a friend inspired to help another with the same care you showed for him brother to brother to brother so see me in the wind , my friend see me on the wave see me riding the sweet by and by with a new song to play see me with a holy heart heaven 's precious pearl see me dressed in the father 's love which heals this bloody world queen beauty she was a looker from davenport manor i was a sleepwalker from one crazy dream but i dropped that old act you know that 's a fact when her beauty came calling my name ` ` brilliant , '' she laughed , ` ` no more love songs rock me hard , forget fortune and fame '' what could i do ?
sometimes , its the only true thing in our lives .
but he could nt recall a thing about the case .
but , they are our kids and i m not sure there is such a thing as a breaking point for parents .
they do nt eat up peoples gardens , do nt nest in corncribs , they do nt do one thing but sing their hearts out for us .
the only thing i need now is some hot chocolate !
everyone knew better than to ask where they came from , because that sort of thing was deeply personal and out of bounds even for friendly lines of banter or questioning .
it ll be the first thing you see when you walk in .
the whole thing sounded like a whole mixed up mess of time and total strange confusion of being a turtle .
is it a real thing that should inform a , or , the , way to live ?
not helens sickness , not its relentless course , not the burden upon them , not a thing during these terrible months had rattled him .
he had brought only a few small things unfit for this quest , things he had treasured ; but of course the most important thing he had brought , the thing he could not have abandoned , was the ciborium and its contents .
he had brought only a few small things unfit for this quest , things he had treasured ; but of course the most important thing he had brought , the thing he could not have abandoned , was the ciborium and its contents .
he had brought only a few small things unfit for this quest , things he had treasured ; but of course the most important thing he had brought , the thing he could not have abandoned , was the ciborium and its contents .
what a thing to learn , that the real presence might be sensually apparent to someone .
she s on me for every little thing .
you do n't feel a thing . ''
she had n't told him a thing about leaving , but had suddenly just disappeared .
he repeated dumbly , as if that was the only thing that mattered in the world .
` ` the only thing i want to give myself is a way out of this world . ''
hope is a precious thing , i realized .
i just hate the whole following your dream thing , nori said , and smiled when i laughed and asked what he meant .
i did nt want to say that i despaired of ever finding a thing , but instead told him that yeah , i thought the work could be pretty interesting .
if you are set on this whole respectability thing .
she replied , perhaps a little too dismissively ( at least she did nt add little thing at the end of her response ) .
but this pool thing was neither riddle nor challenge but a fair summary of a recent trip i went on .
do nt talk about the first thing that pops up , josh joked as sherri began his sponge bath by focusing on his groin region .
i looked blankly back on his openness , questioning whether or not he was even sound of mind to ask such a thing of me .
but the next thing he heard was simon bates introducing our tune , which meant that he had fallen back to sleep and it was now eleven o'clock .
the next thing theo remembered was air - drumming along to ' all night long ' by rainbow .
save for the asking price , he did not know a single thing about the house they were now standing in - the number of bedrooms , bathrooms , whether it was freehold , what the nearest schools were like .
sonny , take james place , you ll be sophies bus partner , you can learn a thing or two from her .
james , the only thing left in the jar after all the suffering was released onto humanity was hope .
not a good thing to forget when you are married , but its easy when things get very bad .
a sad smile spread across his face , like i said , i know a thing or two about loss , but really- i do nt understand any of it .
i have to know what happened to her , and dad wo nt tell me a thing .
i tell your future , because even a dummy knows that there is no such thing as a happy ending .
he took comfort in , of all things , the landscape .
from the public computer at the brooklyn holiday inn , i read the comments , the only thing worth reading on the entire site .
and as buzz pointed out , he did nt know a thing about the oj trial !
the only suspicious thing was that he said martin luther .
all he would have to do is keep smiling and promise no taxes , and then power , peradventure the only thing that was better than money , would eek be his owen treasure .
strong wisps arrived to say arjuna 's swing was a thing to cherish .
next thing nicolas heard his mind say was that he should appreciate all things .
it meant each was lovely , a thing to cherish and not scoff at .
to him , arjuna appeared not in a hurry to say a thing more , and he relaxed some .
the next thing he heard was cheers and clapping .
she wanted them to stagger under the weight of her talent as she so often did when she suddenly came upon the real thing in others .
this wisdom thing is killing me , she said .
problem is , for me there 's no such thing as temporary . ''
i may be able to offer you some advice , editing advice , perception advice , that sort of thing .
their charm had been a thing which shone from within , rather than a thing which was applied each morning , layer upon layer until what could be seen was nothing more than a mask .
all you are saying in this thing , i think , is that as things change they can not be of solid substance .
real life , like that of my own , might not be any more real either when viewed from the passing of time , but i think that in fiction the only thing that distinguishes reality and fantasy is merely the amount of plausibility in a given passage .
it was the best most wonderful thing that ever touched my tongue .
these teen swarms appeared in the glass of a certain window of rosenfields department store ( and why is that store significant to me for i ca nt remember a gall - darn thing about it ?
a bunch of silly young girls running around and screaming for the effect of screaming does nt mean a thing ; i tell you it does nt mean a gall - darn thing in the scope of human history .
i do nt think he said a thing , just nodded .
you kids do nt know a thing about good simple fun on a farm .
only they could nt find it no matter how hard they explored ; they spread the potatoes out on plates and everybody in the kitchen helped , but no they could nt see a thing of that button and it was nt on the floor .
not that she knew a thing about me .
love , nature , family , community -- none of it meant a thing .
of course , when one is in the process of directing another into harm 's way the first thing they 'll want to establish is a firm covenant of trust that nothing bad is about to occur .
i did not in the least suspect that there could be such a thing as a systematic anti - semitism .
aside from the class syllabus , the proof was the only thing inside it .
i mean , i was so excited to show you all thisive got one more thing to show you , but its plaini mean , its not miraculous or anything , well , maybe it is , i do nt knowbut i also want to show mr . conor too !
you re going to show me that thing you ve been wanting to , the thing you think has to do with the aecxis !
you re going to show me that thing you ve been wanting to , the thing you think has to do with the aecxis !
there is no such thing as a selfso there is no such thing as free will !
there is no such thing as a selfso there is no such thing as free will !
there is no such thing as a self , as free will .
she had tried to sever the very thing that connected melody and yaeko in a way that no discussion of intimacy could ever adequately convey .
our enemy understands only one thing : the gun .
ones culture , that which is learnt at home and school , is a very concrete thing .
it was nt the most important thing , but i was sure gon na miss it .
the thing you have to understand is that in cases like this there are two types of injury .
the letter ended with a final apologythis one to raceand asked for just one thing : the chance to talk to me .
just like the third world countries ' students , your students are hobbled in their educational handicaps , in their lack of knowledge or in their dubious knowledge of things that are not true .
or do you prefer to be told what you want to hear on an ea that s the most ridiculous goddamned thing i ve ever heard !
this thing with the oneills , i wo nt have it .
she did learn one thing from gail .
but the real thing ?
drew kampion , at the surfers path , who has been editing and writing for various surfing magazines almost as long as i ve been alive , is always reliable and encouraging in his correspondence and a few younger , less experienced and less competent magazine staff could learn a thing or two from him .
and anyhow , idont believe the truth is a thing that you just find like acrock of gold or a holy grail .
there are places outside the pages of literature and the situation comedy living room which engross themselves in such things .
the truth i m sure is a single monistic thing of many aspects , of which the poets have illuminated just some .
in this country there are so many different types of people that you just completely disregard things like that .
and there are those who say that the truth is not a physical thing that could be experienced at all .
the truth , young man , is not a physical thing that you can just go off and look for , whatever these fanatics in this town may say .
every new thing they find out about does make it seem a lot more discomfiting , do nt you think ?
he s a bouncy little thing !
... so it all amounts to much the same thing , said wilma .
somehow melissa suspected that arnie brubacher knew the truth , but the subject never came up , and they never mentioned joshua 's name again , and although she had said baby girls , once , some time ago , she never again mentioned a thing about twins .
it 's the only thing that makes sense , do n't you see ? ''
in particular i ' m glad there 's somebody to talk to about this - this willow tree thing .
i just told him about the soul thing , then ... what ?
she wanted to say something to bryan , to tell him to be quiet , not to breath , not to say a thing , but she thought better of it .
he would not say a thing about seeing liz , or sam .
you could n't see a thing .
barb had changed her hair style , cut it real short and had n't said a thing about it .
in fact i had raised my hand some time before but , of course , bob did nt notice it because he could nt see a damn thing .
he was talking about a time - space thing .
were more friends out of habit than any thing else .
your regrets do nt change a damn thing .
josh said , we were just messing around , there s no such thing as magic .
afterwards , she continued to live in the apartment without changing a thing .
the next thing i remember is that lenny was dead .
but this thing about mama not being my mama ...
curt 's a little thing .
when she opens the lid , the first thing i see is a pair of tiny white baby shoes .
i was just a kid when i first saw it , no more than ten years old , and i had no idea such a thing as a diamond even existed .
and then there 's this thing about samantha .
will said , but it was also a question , a curious thing .
he told himself that she would come to love him in return , and he would gain that brilliant , evanescent thing , a human soul .
fighting was no thing to rediscover , i told sandra .
yes , a wonderful thing , gold .
` ` because it 's the only thing that makes sense to anyone , '' she said .
i am clueless about my sons most precious thing .
just , you know , i heard you were nt wellhang in theremay you write foreverthat kind of thing .
your jump shot is a thing of beauty .
my continued conversation with insomnia ( and tv , a slight return ) 3:45 , ungodly hour , time of ghosts and heartquakes ... christ ... not again , damn insomnia ... beautiful thing , thing of beauty ... breathing sweetly , bangs slightly sweaty ... that soft lower back ... let it go , let it go ... mmph ... trousers , book ... just close this , let the wife sleep , sweet sleep ... read for a while , stop this merry - go - round in my head ... shut up , damn you ... find that trick to re - enter sleep , it is a trick , one minute , wife , bed , office , house , reality of flesh and fleshly pain , then nothing , just a trick , a mental twist , but not mental that 's the trick of it , the opposite of mental , what would that be , not physical , the trick of oblivion , the non - thought ... a zen thing , ach , frivolous mindpath ... the light ach , jesus ! ... damn , hate that ... sleeping and wakefulness lovely but the door between , there 's the hell of it , there 's the pain , study that why do n't they , the trapdoor between the worlds , that split second , when ... mmph , that 's better , not so swimmy now ... read for a while , calm this inner demon ... hmm , message in the bottle , is this what i was reading ... no , never seen this , percy , yes , familiar , but ... wait , here ... the loss of the creature , my bookmark , yes , here ... mmm ... why is it almost impossible to gaze directly at the grand canyon under these circumstances and see it for what it is as one picks up a strange object from one 's back yard and gazes directly at it ? ... hm , got something there ... it is almost impossible because the grand canyon , the thing as it is , has been appropriated by the symbolic complex which has already been formed in the sightseer 's mind .
the first thing i remember is my mother teaching me to read .
but , see , heres the thing -- mystiks faster .
it happened so fast , jasper never felt a thing .
i think that we should keep on working on that baby thing .
it means he is responsible for looking after you , showing you where things are and that sort of thing .
the only thing on daves mind was immortality , not immanent mortality .
in fact , the only thing there was room for was imagination and hope , two things that had been sorely missing bailey woods since the boys graduated high school .
` ` no , '' belle said , ` ` you wo n't feel a thing . ''
i have a little bit of understanding about the appreciation thing .
i do nt think i heard a thing , save for a hoot owl calling , all night long .
like her father , they had sucked the life out of toms youth , and now she was sure they intended to sink their teeth into the last thing that at was still toms .
and not a thing , did i get in return , despite what the locals all thought .
sam , even as a small boy , had a huge interest in computer games and programming and that sort of thing .
i wondered what sam would make of the whole visionary dream thing .
about my whole dreaming thing , whether they really could all be random events .
heres the thing she was pretty much a minimalist as far as discussing things related to bodies , minds or souls .
yes , back when sam was just a little thing , i do remember .
daniel meantime eagerly asked if i could explain about the whole physical manifestation thing , as he called it .
i mean the whole how - neurons - become - thoughts thing .
he would nt do a thing directly about us unless she and i really went after him so as to impact his online reputation and the related income .
i thought about my so called talent , this thing i d come to appreciate as a small and rare .
` ` the barrett thing has been a tremendous distraction , but you 're right .
this is just the sort of thing dan and i could miss and that you can learn more effectively than we could .
the only other thing i have relates to the question i was asked about drugs .
if they had a common interest - like tube amplifiers or single malts - then the whole thing makes better sense .
the only other thing i know is that chet got the books overseas , from somewhere he 'd been fighting .
what he said was the sort of thing that would look really important to him but does n't actually come to much .
i m not positive about how they might have done that eitherthe forensic guys have a whole bag of tricks and chartslividity , decompositionthat sort of thing .
heres the thing joe , mia said looking down at the sand in front of her , my momno problem .
finally , she lapsed into giving me simple directionsturn hereleft at the lightthat sort of thing .
who is stanley and what is that sat thing ?
she s kind of a plain little thing i found slaving away at the ihop a few days back .
as i tried futilely to fire my elbow into his solar plexus , the last thing i saw were little silver stars flashing before my eyes .
we really do nt have a thing to hold him on other than he had a bit of weed on him .
i would nt have spotted a thing .
actually , you did nt say a thing .
how could aliens be the only thing that made any sense ?
not that i had ever seen them work in the realm of healing of accident victims but beth was still believing on and off that jesus could be the real thing .
the most frightening thing about it is that these countries will no longer be led by their elected officials .
doctors ca nt find a darned thing wrong with him but like clockwork the pains start until his breathing becomes labored and almost painful to watch .
they stopped and the hat spoke , i ca nt see a thing .
or perhaps you d only judge it against the real thing ?
i m sure they d rather have none of those things , answered rose exasperatedly .
sarah , you did nt have to sir , just let me show you this one thing .
it was the first thing i thought of when we got the news .
i do nt know a thing about it .
that last thing was becoming a daily occurrence .
she never felt a thing .
according to judy there is n't such a thing as a social game in his lexicon .
it 's not the sort of thing to be collected by bibliophiles , yet , though i daresay one day they will be of considerable value . ''
once i was out at the hassyampa golf club for a meeting and i saw him with a young thing , lots of leg and hair .
you said you wanted to hear first thing .
anyway , maybe you could fill me in on a few things so i can see if i can find a place to park myself .
man , this whole pi thing has got me jumpy i think i m seeing boogie men under every tree .
well , you have got most of it right from what i can see the only thing you missed is the extent of how far it goes its not just state politics that is involved , it goes all the way to the federal government level , and up the ladder from there to elite power brokers and people behind the scenes that have a lot of power ... enough to make both of us disappear if we get in their way !
after all she had already done you would think a small thing like this would be a simple request .
it was addressed to him and the first thing which came into his mind was another note .
the only thing i did nt expect to be in that case was nothing .
i may need some help in describing her clothes and shoes because i know squat about that kind of thing .
she grinned and touched the brim of the hat , is n't it just the loveliest thing ?
as you should know , i know a thing or two about grief .
he did n't realize the new owners had n't changed a thing .
unlike you , he did n't really want company when he watched games , but i had to be quiet and the only other thing to do on sunday afternoons when we did n't have charters was homework , which was the bottom thing on my priority list .
it sounds crazy , but it 's the only thing that really explains why she was n't arrested or at least investigated more closely .
when you wake up , you wo nt remember a thing .
and why could nt i remember a damn thing ?
once again , the cold returned , and this time , i could nt feel a thing .
she s a shy little thing , is nt she ?
la - la - la - la - la , i do nt hear a single thing .
i actually do nt know a thing about it , i mumbled .
they d never hear a thing .
do nt know a thing about it .
i can solve this thing .
nosey little thing , are nt you ?
` ` i do n't think i understand this ' familiar ' thing .
but the mans sad reflection did nt daunt him for long , believe me , inspector , there really is nt a thing about this place i could nt tell you as well as anyone .
but i spoke to her , sir ; and had you had a chance to have done properly then you d know she loves those people like a mother , she could nt do a thing to harm them .
the only thing that needled him was his parents divorce .
and maybe another thing , sir , added cori .
its more than that , thundered superintendent rose , who hated dishonesty above all other things , it means we have a recorded lie of his on tape .
the one thing i did not need was to have the poor slob murdered in his cell for making accusations .
do n't know a thing . ''
` ` i want one more little thing . ''
he 's short , gray , and slightly built , wire rimmed glasses and jet black eyes that do n't miss a thing . ''
` ` i do n't want to know a damn thing about it . ''
the one thing i did nt know was who had killed them and why .
chen had guided us through and over all of the obstacles with a masters touch and i , i had not noticed a thing .
you know , putting their spirits to rest , the whole unfinished business thing .
that was the only interesting thing .
the fragility of temporal life , so fleeting a thing , was so real to me as i touched mrs . marshs memories that i could not try to express it to miss carey .
it is a safe bet no one in hanley knows a thing about claire marshs existence , i said , and that includes the lawyers .
there was a time around here you could sleep with your doors unlocked and not think a thing of it .
second thought the encounter the first thing that struck me in the morning was such a misfortunate .
before i could stop len , he had explained the whole thing to me , so clearly .
len did nt say a thing but he did turn around at last .
as for lucard , as long as he does not know a single thing about that missing girl , he is totally under my control .
my sister and i are close so whatever wonderful thing she gets , she shares with me straight away .
what bess taught me was a valuable thing .
but the more pertinent thing would be the note that came with the flowers , it still puts me on edge just thinking about it .
neither one of us said a thing .
what a pity we ca nt do a thing about it .
you may learn a thing or two from me yet .
a little thing called motive .
he asked me one curious thing , though .
made sense , but there was still that little nagging thing , proof .
its just a little thing , but its kind of important .
wine bottles have always intrigued me , whether from my forgotten time in this place , or my innate love of all things glass .
sleep was actually the farthest thing from my mind .
i had a bad feeling that whole voodoo thing was a smoke screen and now i knew for sure .
i said i wanted to be a private investigator again , with my own office , secretary and of course the most important thing , a license to practice .
now i get to coach both teams until they appoint someone who probably wo nt know a darn thing about basketball .
i knew matthew was a basketball player when i saw him shooting with his left hand , easily reversing his footwork , which is the most difficult thing to learn .
the players had not suspected a thing .
are nt you young things sweet to come and have tea with me ?
this was the last thing she had expected to find , but worth noting .
i ve called the police four times already and they do nt know a thing .
on this day the only thing that arrived was more silence .
you re a hateful little thing huh ?
the most precious thing in the world for mike involved the relationship with his son .
to me , investigation and guessing are the same thing .
therefore , you do not know the first thing about being in my shoes .
the only thing he finds out are thoughts .
i could n't understand a single thing of what he was saying , but as soon as he ended his calls he asked me to go to a place where we could n't be found , once the chief of police jonas would be responsible for what was going to happen from this point on .
the only thing you hear is this blind i love you , as if he wanted to take you to the pain of the guilt for which he is the sole responsible .
` ` and another thing , '' i said , as she sat on the bed , dropping papers in exasperation .
even here , i said , in eternitymaybe especially here -- it seems like time is too precious a thing to waste .
i d get the hell back to rio and show those snotty bitches a thing or two .
i ca nt find a thing wrong with you , young man .
for one thing , if i think the insured is involved , i do n't want to be the one making that accusation .
he ended by saying , there is one odd thing .
i have believed all along there was some negligence on the part of our insured : for one thing , the building was a fire trap .
that 's the cool thing .
i 'll add one more thing in support of my contention that the mazzoli 's ran a clean shop .
the only thing remotely menacing was a letter from an attorney .
she already knew that hildebrandt and bart were close , and she was pretty certain that barts stash of cantone paintings were the real thing , art that he d taken from the artists taos residence .
and if all the evidence comes from my girlfriend , that s another thing a defense attorney will jump on like a dog on a bone .
the only thing of even the slightest interest to me was when she began to talk about having met corey 's girlfriend , who as it turns out , was diadra , the new designer that carma had been so excited about .
which was the only thing that concerned me about alexs plan .
you ca nt prove a thing .
the experienced baker explained the processes to the novice , and even as i listened , i found myself learning a thing or two .
the whole pig bar thing was odd , yet curiously appealing .
my minority status was nt the only thing to get used to in the courtyard grocery store .
am i still your birthday date , or have you thrown me over for some sweet young thing ?
i read his email five more times , then deleted it , which hurt like carving the damn thing out of my heart with a spoon , but i did it .
i had forgotten about his whole vegan lifestyle thing .
the only thing i learned , in fact , was that your parents told the concierge at the hotel that baptistes bluff was on their definite to - do list while they were here , because it was their anniversary and sounded romantic .
dinner dishes from the night before still littered the table with yesterdays mail and the bitch had nt picked up a thing .
this provided agatha with one more thing she did nt understand .
gertie not only knew everyone in town , she also knew everybodys business , and never forgot a thing .
the next thing she heard stopped her in her tracks .
did nt find a thing .
but the floor plans were by far the most helpful thing i d been given .
some technical thing that i know nothing about and do nt need to know anything about because i ve got him working for me .
the only thing that fills me with scholarly delight is a three - cheese deep dish with extra pepperoni .
i only half listened to him , not seeing how the granary burying ground , an old cemetery near boston common , could have anything to do with finding ming , which was the only thing that interested me .
the things he knew about birds using camouflage or animals building hiding places were valuable skills when looking for the enemy .
bradley did nt miss a thing .
yes , you are ... whatever this nebulizing thing is .
i opened and closed my mouth three times , thinking i was talking , when i realized not a darn thing made it out of my mouth .
the only thing i found was a small rag .
maybe i would nt change a thing about the day after all ... well , except the shoes i was wearing .
` ` and i was an adult for the whole running over the tomato plants thing . ''
you do n't miss a thing .
i used to see him from time to time around the courts , sometimes as a minder and , sometimes he would appear with bail for some unwholesome character , all that kind of thing .
the only thing she did encourage me with , for a while , was drama .
i abandoned any attempt to clear up matters in any detail with anyone , finalise any transfers that were needed , all that sort of thing .
the only thing she knows for sure is that he seems annoyed that someone would dare question him or anything he did , as if he too believed he was nobel prize material and above reproach .
well , for one thing , they were all homosexual .
and this whole thing about koch 's postulates is just another waste of time .
my god , that 's the first thing you learn in law school .
sarah meadows , born sarah noyes in greenwich , connecticut , 1967 , was accustomed to the finer things in life .
and i have only one last thing .
the nurse looked in daves medical history and told paula she ca nt find a thing in the records that even looks remotely suspicious .
the only thing i know is that sonja was a pretty responsible girl , and getting tested for hiv was the responsible thing to do in those days .
my mother died when i was five ; i do n't think i remember a thing about her .
chapter three if my mother noticed anything strange in my behavior , she did n't say a thing about it .
` ` that 's the one thing i truly miss , now that i ' m dead . ''
now first , let me say , this false platitude is the sort of thing that always annoys me about men .
here i was , accusing some wealthy icon of murder most foul , when in reality there was no proof of any such thing .
the only thing you know is that this girl might possibly have known another girl who used to work here .
the only thing i noticed was the unmade bed in the small bedroom adjacent to the living room .
she said that she had known regina , as well as anyone could , poor thing .
pretense was a beautiful thing .
it was almost completely black and he could nt see a thing .
i m going to some fucking dive to see this tick bitch about this jones thing .
she also had a thing or two to ask him .
when did he come to you with this bard thing ?
the only thing that julian had to keep him company was the guilt .
` ` there 's no such thing as a good relationship with the press . ''
the only thing i ' ve gained is an appreciation for the guy 's library .
` ` it 's not funny , '' he said , ` ` i ca n't see a damn thing . ''
` ` you do n't know a gawd - damned thing about people and money and power .
` ` the only thing lacking is a good sex scandal .
no dad , he put tape over my eyes as soon as he grabbed me , i could nt see a thing .
the whole decision - making thing was a game i played to get into the right frame of mind for the day ahead .
and this was the last thing i needed for him to hold over my head no , wait .
she tended to carry the over - protective thing a bit far .
` ` you did n't remember a thing about the self - defense i taught you . ''
` ` well , that 's the funny thing .
the voodoo thing was a smokescreen .
the only thing i was nt sure of was the identity of the man who d saved me from watts blade .
its the only thing that makes any sense in this case .
what is a car when the only thing flying through your mind is the people being remembered in the reception upstairs ?
the other thing i find disturbing .
we have few luxuries here and a puzzle book is a thing of wonder .
that s the only modern thing about it .
the only thing i know is that suspected vampires would occasionally have their canines removed so that their fangs could nt come out .
adrenaline 's an amazing thing , dirk , she said .
mrs brampton has spent most of the day , as far as i can see , tied up in her own front parlour , and you do nt seem to have noticed a thing .
it would nt have looked out of place inside a flying saucer not that i had ever thought about the things seriously enough to visualize the interior .
his little purr made nadia think of the simple things in life , how the smallest thing could bring so much joy .
his little purr made nadia think of the simple things in life , how the smallest thing could bring so much joy .
leon looks like he s not taking this whole nadia thing well .
i understand in a general way what you want , murmured sergeant kuzick , but so help me if i can think of a thing that you might call interestin .
do nt let anyone ever say to me again that there s no such thing as special providences ; for if this is nt one , let them account for it that can .
i did nt do a damn thing , inspector , growled dave .
as i worked , an idea formed in my mind about shannons trunk , but i could nt quite put it in a mental container so i could see the whole thing .
betty queried , so andrea brubaker passed along to ernesto mondragn the very thing that shannon had asked her not to ?
her heart skipped a beat when she could nt find the one thing which she had come back for .
the next thing i remember is waking up in the hospital with my head wrapped in bandages .
bethany sat forward in the chair , hoping to get a sneak peek at her mothers face , but as the car passed in the darkness , she realized the tape held no such thing .
although you re not my daughter , you re the closest thing i have to one .
she do nt know a thing .
i d say she knows a thing or two about the situation .
you keep this up , and i m not givin you a thing .
i done told her i ai nt signin over a thing to that illegitimate brat of hers .
you do nt know the first thing about me , ms . wilkins .
he wo nt get a thing from me .
the only thing between me and the mediterranean sea was was an expanse of water with a bare rock thrusting up through the surface .
somebody went through all the effort of breaking into the police station and the only thing they took was that knife .
it would be a place where he could nt do a damned thing about who had really murdered melissa dearman .
in its time it must have been a thing of dreams , this room with its scarlet colors , but now it was faded , and the gilt needed refinishing .
it is sad , indeed , to observe a woman who has invested everything in her looks and charms move to that place where these things fade .
ambition is a powerful thing , you know .
its the last thing i want to deal with .
seems simple enough to me but let me put a few things straight for you , he said smiling , even though straight may be a difficult thing for you to be .
neither of us said a thing .
nope , cause i do nt know a damn thing .
not a single thing on the menu , besides drinks , that did not include crab .
he could nt say a thing about me since i was doing him a multitude of favors , but aaron was out of the question .
i do nt think he knows a thing about flouder .
the coffin thing ?
tommy will dig up something on brooks and the lawsuit will be a thing of the past .
i do nt know a thing about you besides your name .
i remembered that i did know at least one vaguely personal thing about him .
about the only thing i can say for sure we ve accomplished today is keeping my mind off of the nightmare .
i can see in her eyes that she has a very clear idea of what i m leaving outand obviously the dreams are nt the only thing i m editing when i talk about brian .
that s the most beautiful thing i ve ever gotten .
on preliminary examination , no , not a thing but they will be coming back shortly to inspect the items in more detail .
the last thing to see of ms dawson was the shark fin on the top of her bmw .
i m sorry i honestly do nt recall a thing , she said .
it gives strength to my theory which leaves just one thing .
` ` there 's one thing not in the statement i think you ought to be aware of . ''
speaking was always the first thing to be tested , and perhaps it was this fact that added to the stress .
i expect you could teach us all a thing or two , she said trying to find the words to ask the questions she needed to ask .
the bit about stella seems to have been the first thing richard discovered and that was a bit of an accident , by all accounts .
is there such a thing as reverse grecian formula ?
his mind boggled at the implications of ' parallel universes ' or , in this case , ' parallel loops ' , if there was such a thing .
so far , the only thing we know about the unidentified out - of - state owner of the property is that he bought it two months ago through a real estate trust , had the place gutted , and paid his construction crew through the law office of mather and johnston .
it was like she was dying , and i could nt do a thing to stop it .
maybe the truth is a malleable thing .
before you do that , i need to show you one more thing .
if he was there that night , he must have known what they did to billy , but he did nt say a thing when i went to get him to help me .
the house was ruled over by an older woman and my own particular friend , a dark - looking girl about a year older than me , was called eyebright after the herb because , as the name suggests , she was a bright - eyed little thing .
i knew that his enquiries about progress were not the reason for his visit either , though that was the only other thing he had mentioned so far .
i resolved that he would not have this thing - this ' ring ' .
` ` names '' said frank , ` ` names were one thing .
` ` there 's a bunch of things we have n't managed to figure out , '' said frank , ` ` most of all we ca n't explain the coincidence of a group of people with past lives involving the ring - if that 's what they are - being in one place at one time .
` ` after all the finds in number three we do n't want to miss a thing .
` ` i think it may be a lot older than that , '' said alicia , ` ` even biblical referance to ' the tree of knowledge ' could refer to a primitive version of the same thing , though i admit it was all written down in the middle ages .
` ` she 's really a rather sweet little thing , is n't she , '' said the nurse to the doctor , indicating the baby .
the thing tom did nt know was that kaitlyn had learned quite a few new things about her past last night care of her fathers ramblings outside the house when the fire truck drove up and the strange dream she had while sitting next to his body in the hospital .
he let go but in a push , to knock her away from him , he did nt want to hurt her but he did want to teach her and he knew if she hurt him he would nt be teaching her a thing .
` ` can you fill me in on all the family details , like where jamie goes to school and what you and your husband do for a living , friends , hobbies , that kind of thing ? ''
` ` maybe , it 's the best thing that i ' ve got that makes sense , '' josef said .
her family did nt think i was worth much , but she would nt let them say a thing about me .
i could nt feel a thing .
he does nt remember a thing about his career or his life or me .
by the way , i m the closest thing you ve got to family and that s a pretty sad reflection on your life ?
here 's the thing you need to understand about the keys ... . she held up her hands , do not give me a lecture about how things are different in florida .
here 's the thing you need to understand about the keys ... . she held up her hands , do not give me a lecture about how things are different in florida .
we think we might like this catamaran thing .
raymond answered , well , that 's kind of another thing that annoys natives .
i did n't do a damned thing but sit around waiting for something to happen .
i figure that adds up to the closest thing there is to job security in today 's world .
actually , it did nt cost a thing .
the only thing i could nt figure out is how you were planning on stealing strakers inheritance .
the only thing i do nt understand is why you two emptied the bank account out after daniel died , grace said .
it would totally skew the whole ' higher vibration ' thing . ''
catherine breezed up , ` ` no such thing as curses .
i wo nt forget a thing .
the only thing tom had really damaged was her pride , but it had been a hell of a blow .
it was the most soothing thing bill had ever heard and seemed to be working its magic on arden as well .
the whole chanting thing was an association she made with religion as a whole anyway .
this is the first and only thing we ve got linking this guy to samantha .
in the end rationality won out , made her drive straight ahead , up and up until the only thing surrounding her were golden hillsides and fire - dry mesquite .
and that was , perhaps , the thing that scared her most of all .
this had been a cluster from the get go , and even though there was not a damn thing that anyone could do about it , the blame had fallen squarely on one man , and it was n't adam porter .
but i have thought of that very thing more than once .
how was i going to be a private investigator if every little thing scared me ?
i knew that no matter how much i questioned him , he was n't going to reveal a thing .
no doubt i could have him pinned up against the wall with a knife to his throat and the guy would n't reveal a thing .
he just made me a cup of coffee , asked to see my driver 's license , and chatted about banal things like the weather as we signed the papers .
it was the only thing that made sense , was n't it ?
he thought i would nt do a thing , much less cut his crap last name .
she s one of those people who never hang up a damn thing .
the other reason is the connection thing .
the jig is up , pretty thing .
the only thing that gives me is a woman is on the other end and she s loud enough i can hear her .
bossy little thing , little because she must be just over five feet tall .
ill show you a thing or two , he said as he reached out to grab her by the wrist .
guilt is an odd thing , like an invisible weight on your shoulders .
i would nt know the first thing about it .
the next thing i recall was mr carter , the newsagent next door , wrapping a handkerchief around my hand .
and that s another thing that makes this job look amateurish , how was the gasmask bandit supposed to make his getaway ?
the only thing we do know is that it was almost certainly a lugar , meaning it was probably a souvenir from the last war .
he did nt ask for no ladder , grumbled the youth , he just said is there such a thing as a ladder .
anyway , the wildest thing about it was that i used to imagine that farrah was watching me every time i got undressed for bed .
i like it there , a symbolic reminder of the glory of higher education , first thing every morning .
the main thing we need to remember is to be careful . ''
that s the one thing we do nt get , '' said frannie .
the only thing he sees at the moment is an uphill climb that 's going to be twice as painful as coming downhill .
no one will suspect a thing . ''
while i had n't seen anything that was relevant i was sure my observant husband picked up on a thing or two .
i do n't know , being kept as a prisoner down here really makes me wonder if love is the strongest thing in the world .
my sister said my father at first handled the family affairs , our allowances , that kind of thing .
a wise man once said : my family is the wealthiest family in the world ; the only thing they did nt have was money .
although his incomplete sentence was the last thing he uttered to me this morning , i knew very well what he wanted to say and it was nt the last thing he will have said today .
you ca nt see a thing while driving , you feel like your car is struggling to move and the streets become packed with cars and their passengers who are all late for their daily doings .
but i know a thing or two about winning and this has helped me so much during my battles .
i mean he protects my time , you know , makes sure i get places , that my car 's ready that sort of thing .
she did some good things , but the thing she was best at was letting you know you just were nt quite up to her standards .
i did nt know a damned thing now that i did nt know before our little rendezvous .
the only thing of value in it was my tablet , with all my work notes stored on the memory chip .
maybe ill get in touch with him first thing tomorrow morning .
and i can tell you re getting hooked on the whole mystery thing .
the only thing he did nt mention was the location where he was keeping michael gurne .
the only thing needed was a bit of research and a partner that wo nt interfere .
the only thing that kiara could hear was the gentle sob of a mother who had given up all hope .
the next thing he remembered was getting dragged to the car .
i dozed off in my quiet office during one boring , rainy afternoon and surprisingly had not dreamed a thing .
i do nt know a thing , reallyonly the facts from the brochures .
i feel like there s no such thing as barb .
doug spaulding was not about to let me get away with a thing , and the world needs more people like that .
i m just feeling so fragile lately , she says , every little thing upsets me .
the only thing they seemed to want to know was who told me about them .
well , there was so much in theredoug wrote down everything , and he did nt exactly file things chronologically , so ... anyway , there was one thing that got me thinking .
we share social networking ideas , marketing techniques , that sort of thing .
the only thing that they teach you about the name of the club when you join is that it was the result of an intensive committee vetting process that lasted nearly six months and resulted in a famous club history incident in which two of the founding members launched pastries at each other from opposite ends of a tea table .
i really should not have to walk her through things like that , but the fact that she does not seem to process things that way is likely why she had come to fetch me in the first place .
the whole being trapped on a ship thing was something which had most definitely not agreed with me .
from an outside perspective ( which would apply to aaron in that particular instance even though it did not apply to aaron most of the time ) , i could see how claires general demeanor could make the costume jewelry thing seem a little farfetched .
its sort of a nebulous thing , and maisy has always made such a big deal out of her allergy .
the only real thing that mattered about charles blake was that he was a respected scholar , and now he was on barbara 's house phone , calling to ask her to accept an assistantship under his tutelage .
the second thing is sensitive .
actually , there was one strange thing , the doctor said .
but that reception ... that was exactly the sort of thing that fatigued him immensely .
anybody who cares a thing about this city ought to know that all of that money should go to the people.not some elitist organization that produces a product that no one really wants .
the only thing that surprises me is why you or anyone else might ever think that it had anything to do with the two horrible murders that recently took place in that building .
and the only other thing i might have uncovered is some dubious bookkeeping practices that i just know the chief inspector is not going to want to hear about .
it was brief , just an update on the pipe line , the weather , marlene , what marvin had been doing , that kind of thing .
the one i had in my arm did nt say a thing .
at least it tastes like the real thing , although if it is , its one of the few unadulterated items , other than milk fresh from the cow , you can get in london .
i did nt know a damned thing , but at least we had an avenue that might lead us to something useful .
the whole thing reeked of mystery and it even scared me a bit .
nevertheless , despite being friendly and eager , he was still rough around the edges and had a tendency to panic at the slightest thing .
it was the only thing you seemed to like .
you have nt touched a thing , she said before shoving one of the best tasting cookies i have ever eaten in my life into my mouth .
he remembered him , but the only thing he knew about him involved the bar fight that sent him to prison .
at the end of my first day of searching , i did nt find one single thing to help me figure out what i was looking for .
i started with the most obvious and easiest thing , his weakness for girls .
i get defensive , and i admit i do nt know why i stick up for him , but i really do nt know a single thing about his smuggling days .
the only thing he got out of the meeting , however , was a stolen truck and wallet .
the only thing i remember about him is he kept careful records .
the only thing i did find were two pairs of bikinis that did nt clearly belong to anyone .
a lot of things puzzle me , but one thing i do nt get is why he left the gold under the decoy suspects control .
a lot of things puzzle me , but one thing i do nt get is why he left the gold under the decoy suspects control .
the next thing i heard was the snick of a door either opening or closing .
you might be surprised to know that a friend of mine , who is just a fan , suggested that very thing to me recently .
but he had something going ; rafferty 's nose told him so , even as he recognised that he would n't get the controlled , enigmatic welshman to take notice of such a thing as intuition .
eddie , that s the sweetest thing ...
they did nt miss a thing .
but even though he had grown up in the streets of london , he had learned from the earl that there was such a thing as polite manners .
the main thing is to want to improve , which i am sure is a thing that rebecca desires as much as you do .
they were obviously powerful , but her mother never gave the implication that she knew any such thing .
i think you and i are searching for the same thing , nolan said .
nolan picked up a sheet and read , today not going well , not knowing what 's happening , desire to tell the truth which will make this difficult , maybe tomorrow will meet jvl and will go visit xlx ltd . and take away the thing that is most important .
love is a horrible thing .
this bodily death thing is weird , she concluded .
maybe you can show me a thing or two about basketball .
i spun in my seat and acted like i had nt seen a thing .
the worst part , the part that kept messing with my head , i could nt do a damn thing about it .
but i could nt see a goddamn thing .
the only thing in the refrigerator was some sour milk and a couple of frozen snickers bars .
i m not so sure your tender young ears should hear this kind of thing .
i could tell that poor girl was struck by love , and there was nt a darned thing she could do about it .
i could nt do a damn thing to help .
and he did nt do a damn thing to stop it .
a midnight breakfast was a thing of beauty .
that drunken fool is nt going to do a thing .
but there is one thing you really ought to know .
no , its not yoursi wish , but its the closest thing to it .
blaze sent that old buick to escanaba , mechanics went over it , and the only thing they found was an empty bottle of jim beam .
i mean , besides the falsie thing .
not a thing , i said , remembering my nap .
the very thing blaze accused me of lacking .
the ice pack had done its jobi did nt feel a thing .
none of them knew a thing about hunting or gun safety , and they spent a lot of time trying to kill each other , sometimes succeeding .
i would never in a million years finish the whole thing , but i planned to get good mileage out of it .
maybe she should have told him the only thing she knew about romance was what she had seen in the movie theatres .
i was always taught in school the most important thing is the truth .
and do nt leave out a thing .
you do nt see a thing , padre .
and , worm continued , its properties are the closest thing to diamonds yet its about ten percent the cost of diamonds .
out in the true wilds , huddled in a small nylon tent , there 's one thing that wakes the average middle - aged canadian in the morning .
indian religion teaches us that what we see , samuel waved his arms around , is nt the real thing .
first thing to know .
but she gave me a big hug and a passionate kiss , and did nt ask me a thing .
first thing to get straight is that islands were n't the death of phil that is , it was nt phil who died so i ' m spared that thought in long nights .
first thing you have to understand , he said , is about the money .
it seemed like the sort of thing that would make for a chuckle over a campfire .
a lot of people knew that he d stood up to cork , but nobody ever proved a thing .
i did nt say a thing , and nancy and phil remained perfectly silent .
and that , to a boat , the only really visible thing was our little patch of island , lit by a campfire .
well , bill said , for one thing we might just want to keep quiet until we figure out what to do next .
the only thing here is a bunch of legal journals .
more that singsong mocking kind of thing , as she danced around me .
i knew she was nt missing a thing .
then , because there did nt seem to be a damned thing i could do about it , i decided to just let myself feel .
more buddy - buddy than ... whatever that other thing was .
safe was the furthest thing from what i felt .
i did nt say a thing , luanne .
did nt smell a thing till you walked through the door yourself .
for once , she did nt say a thing .
there was nt a thing i could do but look on .
the shoelace thing made me sick , though , that s for sure .
i have taken care of her for so long , given so much of my time to her and the only thing i ever got in return was a husband that bad mouths me and hits on me with his fists , calls me stupid .
steve seemed to mull the question over as if he might have been wondering the same thing about himself .
all i know is that in my day you had a telephone , a radio with dispatch and if you were lucky , a good pair of walking shoes , because unless you hit the streets you were nt going to learn a damn thing about the case you were working on .
so , what did he say when you asked him about that two guys in a body thing ?
well , think about that timing thing again .
the only thing mallory and i have going between us is a mutual hatred for one another .
nope that does nt mean a thing to me .
` ` i did n't say a thing about stopping you .
` ` that does n't mean a thing , darling .
i did , however , find out one thing about her i think would affect you seriously : her family .
` ` the only thing i know for sure is membership is coveted .
` ` the whole getting involved in each other 's lives thing .
` ` i thought we were working on this thing together ! ''
her deadpan was a beautiful thing .
it does nt mean a thing , danny .
the vagueness in katys tone foretold shock , but i could nt do a thing about that .
frustration seized me and did nt do a damn thing to quell the rumbles in my belly .
we do nt know a damn thing more than we did before , jack growled .
i have nt forgotten a thing , i muttered .
you wo nt feel a thing i narrowed my eyes at him .
i hope he can read lips , because i do nt know a thing about sign language , said isabelle .
she wo nt remember a thing , but seeing you and opening the gate to let you out .
we appreciate your help , but talking wo nt do a thing .
quite a grip of the vampire population somewhat knows a thing or two about us .
` ` but what you said about it was interesting ... about the ' magic window ' thing . ''
randall expressed the hope that would be true , and mrs . randall did n't say a thing except to thank chris for her part in organizing ` ` such a nice party . ''
debates about the value of authenticity , the nature of uniqueness in this mass - production culture , that sort of thing . ''
tim is gone and we ca nt do a damn thing about that .
the most interesting thing was the list of endorsers .
jack could n't hear a thing except the steering motor .
i m going to pre - order your dinner , you do nt have to do a thing .
the daughter never suspected a thing .
the next thing was what he was looking for .
the only thing popularity had gotten me , though , was a weird girl reputation , so i was understandably nervous .
i have smoked some and snorted some , but needles are for me a thing best reserved for compounds like cortisone and epinephrine . ''
the bmw driver paused then spoke again , the thing you need to look at is a dead body .
and go look up the whole roswell thing , too . ''
i am a little out of sorts without the whole handgun thing as a professional security blanket , but i can learn to live without it .
what s this amygdala thing ?
shake n bake could learn a thing or two from my mom .
this pr thing was something the four of us cooked up .
of course the only thing private about what happened in this building was everything .
hell no , i did nt get a damn thing from him .
nothingnot a damn thing !
john lanier manda called his office and asked grace to please have mr . lanier give her a complete resume and personal history of each guard , knowledge on the training and expectations of canine security and any thing about these particular dogs that would be guarding her property .
could n't see a damn thing .
the only thing they still needed , and were unlikely to get , were suspects .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about trailers , or horses for that matter . ''
the new horse did n't take well to mistakes or roughness from his rider and was teaching sanders a thing or two about finesse and tact , having bucked him off whenever sander 's aids were n't precise .
and when i 'd had that damned piece of glass shoved up my nose , he had n't done a thing to help .
` ` so far there are n't any leads , and her live - in boyfriend did n't hear a damn thing . ''
after that initial look of pure terror , i would n't have suspected a thing .
what 's the first thing we look for ?
the only thing separating us is vodka , he remarked .
peter was to discover one more thing about the samovar .
the omeletfluffy , light , with barely a hint of the cheese , green pepper or ham that had gone into itwas , without doubt , the most exquisite thing maggie had ever tasted .
if she had discovered even one thing that he had taken from herand he knew she must have searched desperately to find itshe would be able to answer him now .
the guy seems to know every obscure thing there is to know about everything .
she s not telling us a thing .
the thing i ca n't figure , '' said dr . tower thoughtfully , ` ` is why he waited until then .
in point of fact there really could be no such thing as a truly secure conversation within the departmental phone system .
` ` mom , '' he finally spoke up , ` ` emma does n't know a thing about the place .
even when the girls came in , they had n't said a thing .
he continued but never said a thing about the rose smell .
` ` i do n't know a thing about the gold . ''
he never even said a thing about the way shed been able to pack the grain bags , nearly as well as he .
turning to look back out the window , she listened to his reaction , and determined the sweet thing was barking up the wrong tree .
shed been correct about hugs not counting , people hug each other all the time , and it never means a thing .
` ` they wanted me to believe it was a miss print , but they also wanted me to believe every other thing there . ''
` ` but you have n't said a thing about the stone , is it something like abraham used to lead his people out of egypt , or moses followed in leading his people in the wilderness ? ''
the only thing she was hearing right then was jim ; rambling on about finding the will and how it would solve their problems .
` ` i did n't say a thing , and i ' m not here to help sam take this place away from you . ''
` ` i never said a thing about helping mr . west after that . ''
a bit of make - up , her nails painted and she started a batch of cookies , which she deliberately burned , so he would n't think a thing had changed .
` ` besides i ve got a lady coming in to decorate the one in the lobby , so you really do n't need to do a thing .
you would nt get that sort of thing now , there d be an outcry .
ben got up , and helford left it until his hand was on the door handle to say : one more thing - why did harry send you down to the basement first he mentioned that was how it happened ?
we came round to have a look earlier never saw a thing , admitted helford .
that s the most helpful thing , but unless we find a gun to match ... .look , do nt take this the wrong way , but apart from leaving the body here , which i find odd , this lot have nt made any mistakes .
he did ask if i d come to any conclusion myself about the reason steve went missing , and whether i d found any clues about the house , you know , letters , that sort of thing .
it would nt have meant a thing to them , nina said .
bonnie says the only thing martha had in her possession when she died was the parasol , the note , and the clothes on her body .
if she did nt remove her sunglasses before entering any type of building , she could nt see a thing .
she did nt know a thing about it .
the one thing he did not know was that the devil had his demons watching dallas all of the time .
dallas said , ` ` if what i believe is a fairy tale , by accepting , you still have not lost a thing .
we went through the whole thing again from beginning to end but i could not add much to my earlier version .
just wait until i get your ass in jail , ill teach you a thing or two .
that last thing , that vestige of something , had been welcoming , trailing a pleasant afterglow .
one more thing to add to my list of the unexplained .
its this parkview thing , i confessed .
then she started talking about going back ; returning to the source ; finding the beginning ; that kind of thing .
by now the small plane must have reported the drop site ; the only thing that was holding the enemy off was the need to receive that last phone call .
it would have meant some physical pain and would n't have achieved a thing , except that it would have salved his conscience and prevented his earlier rift with martin from widening .
then there is the jewish thing .
david said i do nt know about that , lisa replied.one final thing before we finish up this line of questions , david said .
every thing filled in by lisa .
there were a few eighth grade girls that would talk to vicki about girl stuffboyfriends , sex , my parents are ruining my life that kind of thing .
he said a very strange thing to me then .
that s what this whole country is all aboutwanting and getting things .
he was very fond of this affable youngster , especially since they had one big thing in commonboth were dreamers .
do nt leave out a thing .
her accent had marked her as different too ; a silly thing , but it was enough .
if it was nt for this other chap , i might have been tempted to give the whole thing up , but this new information about the tracks has got me intrigued .
the second thing that had detained leigh had been the consumption of half a bottle of whisky , with which he had attempted solitarily to drown his sorrows .
it had been the thing that had got him interested in the whole affair to start with ; there had been something mysterious enough there to have got the internet user hpl200890 intrigued ; and it might yet provide the vital clue to either give his investigation some credence , or to shoot it down in flames once and for all .
she smiles with those intense teeth of hers and clears her throat ... the first thing - i m afraid that the farmer whose horse you destroyed is refusing standard compensation , and insists that you see him personally to discuss it .
carmen moved her lips , but i could nt hear a thing she was saying .
you overcome the physical addiction , but the mental thing hangs in there seemingly forever .
this whole thing is nt about proof , its about truth .
i have a feeling that proof is the last thing were going to need by the time this dance is through .
anyway , he did nt call me back and i figured i could nt do a damn thing about it .
the other thing we found during our search of her place was the photograph of rudy vallee that was in the house .
` ` but free will is a powerful thing .
i do n't remember a thing . ''
not a thing i could do to stop her .
we spoke to your neighbour he said he had nt heard a thing for a couple of days now .
the only thing missing is the whereabouts of the body parts .
( its possible to attend rehab under the radar , of course , but the one unifying thing all celebrities bar none are , by definition , addicted to is attention , which is ideal for people in my line of work .
he had boarded then spent time in the army before entering the diplomatic corps ; bottling things up and putting on a brave face was the first and most important thing he had ever learnt .
i have spoken to doctor harris and he can see us , see estella , first thing on monday morning , 10 am .
i do nt remember anything about the event now , not a thing , other than that i got out of the car , started to read the marquee : louise br ... and a flashbulb went off and i fainted .
he clutched the armrests all the way and did nt drink a drop , which was how i knew he was suffering , poor thing .
` ` i ca n't remember a thing about last night .
it does n't mean a thing to me ? ''
the police could nt prove a thing .
` ` this thing that you have stumbled upon goes all the way to the top of two countries , '' the man exerted , going on to explain that the president of the united states and prime minister of canada had formed a commission on terrorism , shortly after the two leaders met at a north american summit .
what was with the kung foo thing ?
so tell me why i should listen to a thing you say ?
technology , what a wonderful thing .
and then there was this plant material thing .
i requested one more thing before leaving .
but there is one thing you might be able to help me understand .
it 's sort of a will thing , i think .
he often tried to look past the japanese characters into the shop window as he passed , but saw nothing , which , of course , did n't mean a thing .
` ` once you ' ve had black , you never go back , '' she said , taking a step toward him , her blue - black outline the only thing visible in any direction now .
but the main thing , the one thing ye must have , is the liver of a fugu fish . '
but the main thing , the one thing ye must have , is the liver of a fugu fish ...
he could n't see a thing but slowly moved his foot , feeling his way over the silty floor .
she did n't say a thing , could n't quite catch her breath .
that pilot would n't have given up a thing even if he was locked up somewhere with a trumped - up charge .
` ` she 's a lovely little thing , is n't she ? ''
go back to the first thing .
the only thing that was clear was the road ahead .
` ` the only thing steele wants is to toss my butt out of his life . ''
he could n't do a damn thing about jamie and mom until he got back to base and debriefed .
` ` not a thing on any of them .
bacchus would not share a thing with vestavia about the current plan with the vials unless the fratelli pressed to include him .
after that , the hardest thing jamie would dabble in was the occasional beer ... only with nathan .
v sent back a note getting on marseaux 's butt for saying anything specific in e - mails and there was no such thing as protection , only a neutralizer ( i can just see these two doing a secret handshake when they meet in person ) .
you do n't know a damn thing about me . ''
` ` well , phil , that 's the thing . ''
when a gun comes out , it becomes the only thing you see .
` ` i do n't think he felt a thing , or ever knew he was falling . ''
even if i 'd agreed with that assumption , it would n't have changed a thing .
it did n't mean a thing but he liked to look at her .
you did n't miss a damned thing . ''
and then , he dumps it all in the lap of some woman who did n't have a damned thing to do with his success .
there 's not a damned thing that boy can do to help us , and he can do plenty to irritate me .
when charlaine had coffee with the women in the neighborhood - the mommy and me meetings at starbucks - the conversations were so cloying , so boring , so stuffed with all things children , that she wanted to scream .
` ` that 's just the thing , grace .
` ` well , that 's the thing , '' berleand said .
he does n't admit to a thing , and he has niedermann as a scapegoat .
and not one of us had noticed a thing . ''
he could not remember a thing when he came to .
the second thing was more complicated .
` ` mikael , it 's starting to feel like this thing with s.m.p .
if she 's sentenced to a secure psychiatric facility , the government can not do a thing .
i ' ve got to bring up the vitavara thing .
- i do n't know a thing about integrator .
the only thing i care about is how it affects s.m.p .
the only thing she left out was her sudden intuition that the hacking of fredriksson 's computer had something to do with salander .
the manager would n't tell me a thing .
salander thought he should keep his mouth shut and not tell his wife a thing .
his eyes were wide with terror ; he did n't say a thing .
i 'd learned a thing or two about hinges thanks to margo , and i realized why we had n't had any luck pulling on all those doors : they opened in .
hence the omnictionary thing .
why the clues went to me , why you left , that kind of thing . ''
why did people always want to talk about every little thing ?
he was going to hit me in the head , and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
` ` is there one more thing you can find out here ? ''
` ` fact is , the only thing this guy knew against jack was that he 'd hooked up with a shady cleaning lady , '' chandler said with a grin .
` ` i did n't hear a thing , '' i answered truthfully .
the things i ' ve learned are not things of real interest to anyone , though i was among the first to know that jerri sizemore wanted a divorce ( the summons from the lawyer had been open on john sizemore 's desk ) , and i learned last week that bobo winthrop was practicing safe sex with someone while his parents were at the country club dance .
mrs . drinkwater ( i have sworn never to call her helen ) had n't said a thing .
` ` then there 's the trick - playing thing , '' i went on after a calculated pause .
` ` you have no broken bones , '' he said , as if that was the most amazing thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` it 's the only thing that 's missing , '' i explained .
there 's not a thing we need . ''
i 'll gladly teach you a thing or two about those two things , ms .
i could definitely learn a thing or two from this guy .
it was so dark i could n't see a damn thing and the idea both scared and aroused me .
the only thing we could earn , the only thing we are still learning .
` ` i know a thing or two you do n't yet know about yourself . ''
` ` not a damn thing , '' he said , still smiling .
she was going to turn forty - five in three months , and that famous future she had longed for was starting to be a thing of the past .
she 's flung out a line about a case she absolutely can not know a thing about .
` ` i do n't know a single thing about her private life .
i do n't know a thing about him .
` ` in her casebook at social welfare it does n't mention a thing about her being a lesbian .
how am i supposed to prove - '' ` ` you do n't have to prove a thing .
` ` i do n't know a thing about her guardian , but she had no reason whatsoever to murder dag and mia .
when she grew older she discovered that there was another term for the same thing .
for one thing , she had no motive - '' ` ` at least none that we know of . ''
` ` if you hold that press conference you 'll never find out a damn thing about zala . ''
it was n't the only thing he 'd kept from blomkvist .
and the only thing we found was a bunch of files that seem to contain bjurman 's own investigation of salander .
niedermann ca n't feel a thing , and he goes around as if he 's had a massive dose of local anaesthesia twenty - four hours a day .
her sister started arguing with her boyfriend , and none of them showed the slightest interest in learning the least little thing about sailing .
` ` if you think i intend to let you take the rap all by yourself , then you have n't learned a damn thing about me in the years we ' ve worked together . ''
` ` because we ca n't prove a damn thing , and right now i have no credibility at all .
the driver did n't notice a thing and , unwitting , drove off up the exit ramp .
` ` i have n't found a single thing . ''
i ca n't prove a thing , but i have a nasty feeling that he 's not working for us . ''
` ` i hope you understand that i did n't have the slightest thing to do with this .
i did n't have the slightest thing to do with her disappearance . ''
` ` look at it this way : the only thing you know is that martin vanger died in a traffic accident .
but there was one thing i had to take with me - i had written down everything that happened in a diary , and i needed a few clothes .
` ` and what , you expect me to remember every little thing ?
one thing she did know : who the real cheese - dog around here was .
people claim that making love is the most intimate thing in the world .
she had met brilliant people who had that open - eyed vacancy thing going on .
and if there was one thing that terrified him more than his own incarceration ... matt was n't sure how it happened , but suddenly the mauser m2 was in his hand .
` ` we ca n't see a damn thing .
` ` i ' m not going to tell you a damn thing . ''
the only thing he could say for certain was thorn was short , like nicholas , but beyond that he was merely imagining anything else .
in movies , not having a mother seemed to be a pretty nifty thing , which , when you think about it , is really perverse .
gone were the tapestries and wood paneling and rich mahogany of its storied past , replaced with off - whites and beiges and all things neutral .
` ` what name thing ? ''
she was such a lively thing , so bright and energetic and so damn easy to love .
in fact , the first thing we found was a skull .
` ` so what 's the big thing you found ? ''
` ` you 're still missing one teensy - weensy thing , '' he says .
he 's always going to buy her a house for her birthday , or some such thing .
i gather it 's common knowledge she was prone to do that sort of thing . ''
i must have coasted off into sleep , because the next thing i was aware of was waking .
the only thing that made sense were the thoughts on repeat inside my head : i was about to become the husband of the second woman i 'd ever loved .
getting drunk before the wedding would n't solve a damn thing .
` ` i now understand the whole jumping on the couch and punching the floor thing .
yeah , i did n't really think about the gravity thing .
in a matter of minutes , i down the whole drink but barely feel a thing .
` ` after all these years of being satisfied with not knowing a thing about her , i finally call .
` ` because if you thought lo was in serious trouble , i do n't think you 'd do a thing about it .
but i ca n't do a goddamn thing .
before lo says a thing , melissa returns and we all go quiet .
i ' ve also zeroed - in on the least offending thing about the entire skit .
she does n't say a thing .
i would tell her to chop it off , but that 'll just rub in the fact that she ca n't do a damn thing about it .
it 's the very first thing i ask .
he had seen the movie a hundred times , but he could n't have told anyone a thing about it this time .
he liked a woman who could hold her liquor , and she was a tiny little thing .
she tried to judge where they were headed in the massive apartment , but since she was n't walking and she could n't see a thing , she lost all sense of direction .
` ` then , you do n't know the first thing about love . ''
their pace matched each other like they had never been apart ... like the years had n't changed a damn thing .
she has nothing to worry about ; i ' m not running around pretending i know a thing about soccer with jude watching .
` ` that sort of thing usually makes me nervous . ''
` ` i 'll need one more thing from you before i can make this happen , '' i say quietly , trying to amp the anticipation .
i need to remind myself he 's a jerk who only wants one thing from me .
she turned into a total bossy little thing who has no problem pushing people into doing stuff they normally would never do .
i can relate to him on every single thing except the delicious part .
her gasp of pleasure was a thing of beauty ... and incredibly loud in the small , cold room .
` ` i do n't know a thing about women 's sizes , '' logan told her , pocketing the keys .
she was the only thing that felt right in his life anymore .
but money was the only thing he knew , other than property .
the fact that hunter did n't seem to know a thing about what kind of books she wrote .
and audrey had n't been able to do a thing about it .
` ` and you ca n't say a thing about daphne being here .
` ` mercenary little thing , are n't you ?
` ` another thing you 'll have to beg for , '' he told her in a coaxing voice .
` ` i ' m pretty good at that sort of thing . ''
i 'll put on some boring clothes and re - dye my hair and the kid will never suspect a thing . ''
and you were right in what you said , that there 's no such thing as perfection .
she tugged her sports bra off as gracefully as she could - considering it was a slip - on sort of thing , it was n't all that graceful .
` ` maybe we can defer that whole dogsled thing for another time .
i was n't sure what it was , or if i was just imagining it on my end , but ash definitely made my body feel things i was n't quite prepared for .
i had obviously been wrong in ever thinking that ash was my soulmate , if i even believed in that sort of thing .
feeling his solid body against mine , inhaling his clean masculine scent , hearing his raspy voice say my name ... the assault of all things mason on my senses was too much for me to take .
you do n't know a damn thing about this girl .
reed moore is the furthest thing from my mind . ''
just forget i said a thing . ''
` ` my god , you 're the most stunning , breathtakingly beautiful thing i ' ve ever laid eyes on . ''
` ` nannette , if i start sleeping in harlow 's bed , there ai n't a damn thing you can do about it .
a secret is a dark thing .
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about transformation functions , do you ?
they came to dinner and did not eat a thing , only drank champagne .
he does n't know a thing about shit , other than this mess currently going on , and the little he needed to know about your marriage to understand the threat .
i did n't want a thing , not the house , cars , or the money .
the only thing i ' m seeing at this moment is that report i read eight years ago , telling me my girl had n't waited .
the only other thing i can see past tyler , is one giant fist flexing and pulsing by the legs side .
( izzy ) the first thing i notice when i start to wake up the next morning is how unbelievably warm i am .
my fury is a palpable thing .
the only thing i see is confusion and maybe , hopefully , a little love .
the only thing i had was the base you were going to be stationed at , '' a sob tears up my throat and interrupts my retelling , ` ` i - i w - w - as so st - stupid . ''
the only thing i can see is the cast iron frying pan left on the oven from dee 's breakfast .
( izzy ) the first thing i notice when i wake up is the quiet humming .
since this little chick is still drooling , i ' m guessing it 's a safe bet she did n't hear a damn thing i just said .
dee wo n't stop blowing my phone up about every f**king thing from flowers to condoms for axel .
the only thing you can see is his back and a laughing izzy over his shoulder jogging off around the house .
all my previous misgivings have fled , and the only thing that is left is the desire to see what exactly is going to happen with this thing between us .
there is n't a damn thing except melissa 's lunchtime hello call that is bright and happy about it .
the only thing i can give you is hope .
even though i can see she is upset , she is still the most beautiful thing i have ever laid eyes on .
tonight we 're talking , and there is n't a damn thing you can do about it . ''
the last thing i remember is going into the office and getting that stupid email from my mother .
` ` and then ... then he took the only thing left to take from me . ''
times when i freak out because of some stupid reason , but beck is always there to remind me that there is n't a thing in the world he wo n't do to keep me safe and happy .
reminding myself that dwelling on the screwedupedness that was my family would n't fix a thing , i turned my thoughts to something else , anything else , that was n't family related .
i could n't say no when a person was handing me the only thing they had left someone they 'd loved .
how 's that whole sobriety thing working for you , al ? ''
` ` then you 're a negative two , tony , '' i muttered , really cursing the fates that i was stuck bantering with a couple of jude 's teammates while the rest talked about and performed every male thing that should never be known to women .
` ` you 're the only thing i see out there , luce , '' he said as i scooted out of the door .
but i knew him , and because of that - no matter how preposterous this whole denial thing was - i made up my mind to trust him .
` ` your dancing being the damn most beautiful thing i ' ve ever seen . ''
` ` you know i love to know every little thing you 're willing to share with me , luce , but what the hell does a gibbon have to do with your tits being on the front page of the paper ? ''
` ` that whole , ' the stars aligned and fate predestined it ' kind of thing ? ''
` ` you do know if i have to attempt this whole quiet thing , i ' m not going to be able to talk dirty to you .
i know you do n't believe me , and i know you want to believe he 's just a friend , but friendship is the farthest thing from his mind when it comes to you . ''
about the only thing that had changed was our bank account , just like he 'd promised .
` ` he 'll never suspect a thing .
the fact that he could n't see a damn thing thanks to the red haze in front of his eyes was entirely inconsequential .
that 's why you need to- '' ` ` i do n't need to do a damn thing except get some sleep . ''
she did n't get a damned thing and he did n't know how to explain it to her .
it was a subtle thing , but she 'd had a lot of years to get used to it .
she leaves it open - ended , as if i ' m stupid for so many things .
just for the record , i need to know that kind of thing so i can buy you and the baby a house and run like hell when your father finds out . ''
one of the student 's , ryan , tried standing outside the door to listen , but eventually he came back saying that he could n't hear a thing .
the bookcases and papers fade from sight and the only thing that i can see is peter .
maybe you guys could show us a thing or two ? ''
i have n't felt a goddamn thing since then .
i ca n't see a damn thing .
my brother did n't even believe me , so do n't pretend that you know a damn thing about it because you do n't .
i did n't do a thing to him .
i ca n't hear a thing .
the other thing i could n't figure out was why my chest had felt like it was going to explode .
he probably thought i was a freak for the whole pinky swear thing , but he 'd been the creepy guy who 'd given me tea with a poem on the cup , so maybe we had weirdness in common .
i did n't mention the last thing .
i checked the mail on the way back to my room later that night and found a stupid card from the school with a 15 percent off coupon for one item at the bookstore , and one more thing .
there was one more thing that made me stare .
plus , i had a thing for girls with glasses , and she still had that whole damaged thing going for her .
i took a huge helping of stryker 's baked cheese thing , which turned out to be mind - blowingly good .
because i ca n't do a goddamn thing except hold her .
most beautiful thing i ' ve ever heard .
i'm - i'm - i stutter , for one thing , in c - c - case you have n't n - noticed .
` ` i would n't have told you a damn thing about my life if i did n't trust you , '' i said .
it was an exciting thing to admit , to say , to feel , to know .
she fell forward , planting her palms on my chest and grinding onto me in a new rhythm , not pulling out at all but grinding her cl*t against me and pushing herself over the edge yet again , mouth wide in a gasping shriek , eyes closed , brows raised , and yeah , i was watching her because i could n't help it , because becca , such a giver in all things , was finally taking all of this for herself , because for some reason i could n't entirely fathom , she needed this , and so i would give it to her again and again until she was sated .
nikki 's smile is the farthest thing from friendly .
but hope is such a dangerous thing .
teach you a thing or two . ''
it seems beyonce knows a thing or two about my situation , as her words become my heart 's anthem .
mac 's the closest thing i have to that , and having a drink and listening to good music is a bonus .
the disgust i felt at having lost my virginity and not remembering a thing .
` ` thing is , drinking never gave me any of those things .
not a damn thing ugly about that . ''
not a damn thing this girl could do would turn me off .
the main thing holding her back was that hadley still had n't gotten over what had happened .
it 's a hard thing to grasp ... '' she trailed off .
i know a thing or two about concussions , but if it gets worse , i ' m taking you to the hospital .
to be honest with you , denny , i do n't remember a thing about last night .
the only thing you need to know is that my list of rules was one of my regrets , '' he said as he kissed the top of my head .
i remembered not understanding why he would like her and not me ; the only thing she had that i did n't was boobs .
it was incredibly personal and the only thing i had here that connected me to my parents .
i had been about to marry a man i did n't know a thing about .
you were going to let me marry him when you knew i did n't know a damn thing about him ?
it was deep and gravelly , and easily the sexiest thing i 'd ever heard .
she sounded so determined for a little thing that i almost smiled .
okay , i understand i do n't know a thing about ranches , but i figured you 'd need more than sixteen cows to make it a cattle ranch .
i did n't need a thing from her , but i wanted everything .
from the time they spent with her this week , apparently she was all talk about you , and not a damn thing about your cousin . ''
i did n't want to still be in love with gage , and his being there was n't going to help a thing .
those whiskey - colored eyes looked up at me and for a long while she did n't say a thing , just continued to stare at me .
` ` it 's like that whole women - belong - in - the - kitchen - barefoot - and - pregnant thing ; it 's funny .
i did n't leave a thing out from then either ; i told him everything , from the way i felt to taking his tie off for him and watching him take his shirts off .
cassidy had been painfully honest with me , so i knew she had n't hidden one damn thing from me .
now that i 'd gotten my wish for a girl , i had only one more thing to ask for .
i admit i freaked out a little over the bikini - wax thing .
wet and sugary , it was the best thing i 'd ever tasted .
` ` he got the whole fire - making thing wrong too .
and when dean pulled the blanket over the two of us and then settled his arm back against my belly - under the blanket - i did n't say a thing .
you know , the whole finding threnody thing . ''
liam felt large inside me , thick and delicious , but the thing that had made me breathless ?
so the whole tv show thing had worked for ty .
i did n't want to f**k up this last thing for him .
i was so startled that i could n't say a thing at first .
but what about the mickey thing ? ''
since we did n't have tv , this was the closest thing to entertainment we had , and i 'd parked by the toaster with a cup of coffee to watch the show .
j : i do n't get the whole planking thing , but they seem to find it amusing .
she was only a little thing with short blonde hair and brown eyes , but she was trying out for our high school mixed soccer team anyway .
` ` i ' m not sure about the whole shirt with nothing underneath thing .
i racked my brain but i could n't remember a thing .
` ` hey , pretty little thing .
in fact , i did n't know a single personal thing about her , including her real name .
it could n't because g rarely missed a thing .
the other part of the reason was exactly what i 'd admitted to him : it did n't change a damn thing .
` ` if you 're going to let me go , '' i whisper , unable to see his eyes , ` ` then let me have this one last thing from you . ''
` ` you see that you have one thing that i do n't , '' she says carefully , though i get the feeling she 's saying it more to herself .
` ` but there 's one more thing before i go . ''
` ` that moment of silence thing . ''
` ` yes , '' i say , running the palm of my hand across her smooth thigh , ` ` you 're staying with me , but there are many things that you must understand . ''
in this life there 's no such thing as a safety lock .
they ' ve been going on about how fredrik never knew a thing and how he passed all of victor and niklas ' tests .
` ` that 's another thing , '' i say .
` ` that 's the thing , connor . ''
` ` the only thing he 's beaten me at so far is- '' ` ` rose , '' scott says , slipping into the room with his cellphone in hand .
on screen , lily and lo exit the bathroom , and before anyone says a thing , lily goes , ` ` ah - ha ! ''
` ` there 's such thing as photoshop , '' i tell her with an even - tempered voice .
i smile , not able to see a thing .
above me , she sighed and said , ` ` you 're back on track with that distracting thing . ''
the only thing i care about is f**king you so hard you ca n't see straight . ''
` ` wo n't hear a thing unless you plan on screaming my name .
what she wanted was crazy , but i 'd be acting , the very thing i 'd been missing for the last few weeks .
the only thing i saw that was even the least bit personal was a guitar case propped up in a corner .
` ` um ... if you 're referencing the bible and that whole let - my - people - go thing ...
it shocked me how easily that kind of thing fit into normal conversation with him .
it was the least important thing they could take from me .
` ` the last thing i clearly remember is arguing with you .
there was just one thing i could n't let go of .
there 's this thing ... '' ` ` we ' ve all got things like that , jackson .
and we saw the replica statue of david outside the museum , which was close enough to seeing the real thing for us .
it was an awful thing to be terrified of waking up , of standing , of going outside .
` ` if you 're into that whole brad pitt in legends of the fall thing .
` ` only about a hundred , '' i exaggerated , ` ` but this thing 's beyond medicine right now . ''
we had that repeating each other thing down .
i was still smiling too much over the whole mouthwash thing to let his mood affect mine .
for a sweet , little thing , she had some serious strength .
the rain was slowing , so the visibility had slightly improved , but when i saw where sunny was heading , i kind of wished i could n't see a thing again .
thank god , because she was a sturdy little thing , and i 'd have my work cut out for me if she did decide to put up a fight .
i 'd never been big on that whole ` ` exuberant facial expression '' thing .
it 's go time now through the end of summer , and after fifteen years of this , you know there 's no such thing as days , let alone weekends , off . ''
you can handle knowing that i had one special trinket i guarded so territorially that when one of them came within a few feet of it , i charged them , bit at them , behaved like a wild dog so i could keep my one special thing secret ?
chapter twenty - four i found the strangest thing when i was cleaning out my bedroom .
if i had n't felt so deprived of all things willow springs , i probably would have rolled my eyes and tossed another insult his way , but instead i crossed the room , kneeled , and wrapped my arms around garth .
i 'd seen jesse and rowen a couple of days ago , pretty much right after they got in from seattle , but i had n't mentioned a thing to either one of them about the funeral .
i know a thing or two when it comes to eight seconds . ''
i did n't need to have lived them all to realize that memory i was making with josie was the thing men sold eternities for .
if colt thought he could teach me a thing or two about trucks , he must have forgotten which state was listed on his birth certificate .
even though it was my first time there and i did n't know a thing about it , i moved into a motel room i could rent by the month or the hour and made it home .
i found work at an old man 's ranch just outside of town , a place to practice bull riding , and tried to purge my mind of all things josie .
she was still the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen , just as she had been the first time i saw her .
the only thing that matters is i ' m gone and out of this family forever .
` ` look at you miss sexy thing in that teeny weeny bikini !
we climbed into the jeep , and i sat there , thinking about how he never told me a thing about his ex - fiancee or the accident .
` ` the only thing i want to know is if you 're ok . '' ` ` i ' m fine , maddie , '' i said as i started another pot of coffee .
i ' m confused about this whole lucky and giselle thing .
he did n't miss a thing when it came to either of his younger brothers and me by association since i was technically lumped into the category of surrogate little sister .
every time i did it nash rolled his eyes and jet laughed at me , granted they were doing a bang up job of polishing off a bottle of patron between the two of them so i did n't take it personally but i had sent shaw a text over an hour ago to verify she was going to be here and i had n't heard a thing back .
by now i was getting the hang of how the whole sex thing , or rather the whole sex with rule thing worked .
there were no personal pictures , no splashes of color , no tv or radio simply nothing to describe a thing about the person that was supposed to live there .
the detective that took my statement let me know there was a good chance his family would post his bail in the morning so he would be out but there was now a mandatory restraining order in place and there was n't a thing his dad could do about it .
` ` that 's the thing shaw ; i never thought i did until you .
there ai n't a damn thing you can do to me while you 're worried about her at home with me , and we both know it .
he also had n't mentioned a thing about court .
` ` there is no such thing as perfect , cora .
these were the people who i could count on , who would love me through the good and the bad and not ask a thing of me in return , and all i had done was fool them into thinking i was worth more than i actually ever was .
i groan , knowing she 's trying to be positive with the whole writer 's block thing , but i ca n't stop stressing about it .
i was just kidding about the maggie thing .
the blinds are open , but the only thing i can see from here is the glare from the tv .
the first thing i see is a kitchen that is n't mine .
the only thing i know about him is that he 's got a mean right hook .
it 's a very intimate thing , and because i ca n't hear , i do have to use my hands or my ears to understand things that come naturally to others .
the mesmerizing thing .
if you do n't take better care of yourself , these brief one - night hospital stays will be a thing of the past , maggie .
you ' ve never asked any of us for a single thing . ''
you ' ve always said you wanted time to yourself , and the last thing i want is to start a relationship with you when i ' ve barely given enough respect to the one that just ended with maggie .
i keep my eyes closed and listen to him without hearing a thing , experiencing him silently , the same way he 's experiencing me .
this was the funniest damn thing i 'd ever heard .
i reached for jason and grabbed the first thing i could find , which was his leg .
` ` the only thing i need to understand is you 're a monster who bought me .
without his knowledge , q would give me the very thing i needed to allow him to hurt and abuse me with sex .
my father never heard a thing .
it was the first thing i 'd tasted in days - it was beyond delicious to my perishing body .
i had power , but it did n't mean shit when no one knew a thing .
frederick did n't say a thing , stepping away .
i may have found her , but that did n't mean a damn thing .
` ` i ca n't thank you enough for saving me , but you have to understand- '' ` ` i do n't have to understand a goddamn thing .
she lay on a sheeted bed , her tiny face the only thing visible under the stark white sheet .
having scarlett back was the best damn thing that came from that cluster - fuck of a situation .
i realized right away i severely screwed up in more ways than one when teeny opened her mouth and icily said , ` ` you do n't have to say or do a damn thing .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about kids .
the only thing registering was the implication that trip and i were married .
she did n't need to say a thing .
i had n't realized before now , but he had drawn the entire thing without a sketch .
there is no such thing as loneliness .
i mean first the picture thing , now this .
i also did n't have a thing left to eat besides a few cans of soup , pasta , and cereal .
sex is the damndest thing .
i shuffled to the window and peered out , but i could n't see a damn thing .
and it 's not really even a thing , so much as i ' m curious about what she 's like now after a year . ''
i have no idea where the tent area is or if there 's even such a thing as a tent area .
believe me , i ' m not missing a thing . ''
' i did n't say a thing . '
' well , there 's no such thing as perfect .
i have to literally explain every single thing to them that they do n't quite grasp . ''
because love is the one thing in this world that 's worth risking everything for . ''
so far , he had n't said a thing about his own needs , and i 'd imagine he had a case of blue balls that made veruca salt look tiny .
joe snapped , waving his arms wildly as if ' out here ' were some sort of giant field where the only thing you could see were alien crop circles and certified auto technicians .
i had a feeling that out here they did n't need to preserve twenty or fifty or a hundred acres of wetlands because land was about the only thing they seemed to have in abundance .
on these forums people traded tips and information about sweepstakes - you know , things like enter to win one of five garden baskets or enter this code from the top of your pop bottle and get a five dollar gift card to something .
` ` i 'd like that , too , '' she said , breathlessly , as if it were some new thing that i 'd brought up for the very first time , like we were brand new friends getting to know each other .
all the anger and outrage i 'd felt earlier was still there - it was just this vestigial thing i did n't need anymore .
that friendly affect and the whole fakey - fake midwestern thing made my stomach turn .
` ` i have squatted over the toilet , i have reached up with my own hand , i have borne down , i have squirted enough lube inside me to have sex every day for the next five years and not feel a f**king thing .
keeper of secrets and finder of smartphone extractors , she also was the only person in my life who had any kind of experience with this kind of thing , or , at least , that i knew had any experience with this kind of thing .
he 'd lain in bed after giving her every damn thing she 'd wanted , as many times as she 'd wanted it , in exactly the way she 'd wanted it , and told her how the stunts that movie called for were ones he 'd dreamed of performing .
she stopped when she reached the sidewalk and said , ` ` oh , lexi , there is one more thing i wanted to mention . ''
his lips moved as he spoke , but lexi could n't hear a thing over the noise .
` ` that whole one - eyebrow thing .
he grins wickedly , and i know he 's thinking of my predilection for all things strawberry .
one that gives the trifecta group quite a bit of money but which in return takes every single thing they have .
i want to experience all of him , to find out every single thing i can about this man who is still a mystery to me in nearly every way that counts .
besides , now it 's the general principle of the thing . ''
but trust is a funny thing .
the only thing i feel is his wanting below me , pressing hard .
the thing he wanted to give her the most was nearly impossible to get - more time .
jack looked up , saw her , and did n't suspect her of a thing .
the only thing i saw was the square white box .
i ca n't do a damn thing to help me , but i can clear your name .
the thing that made them worth millions was his reputation .
still , she was so over the touch thing .
` ` ambitious little thing , are n't you ? ''
there was no such thing as love spells , of course .
i do n't want to hear a thing about sex .
the bees ' nest of emotion was a dangerous thing to touch , let alone explore , and kate hated getting stung .
you see , love is a funny thing .
but there 's no such thing as love .
` ` i ca n't see a damn thing with that light in the way . ''
every time i thought i knew all there was to know about him , another thing popped up - like day jones .
you used to tell me that kind of thing scott , you know , back when we were friends .
` ` there is no way in hell that we 're going to learn a damn thing today .
i was planning on disappearing one night and not telling them a thing . ''
it 's such a sweet thing , innocent and kind , that i ca n't help but grin .
the audience is cheering wildly , standing and clapping so loudly that he ca n't hear a thing .
the room fades away and the only thing i can see are his eyes , dark as sapphires , and glinting like he 's amused - or pissed - i ca n't tell which one .
i lean closer to him and breathe , ` ` i 'll never beg you for a single thing . ''
i see the haunted expression in his eyes - the fact that he knows there is no such thing as forgiveness .
i ' m not here for a damn thing .
love is a strange thing .
i sit so still that the only thing i can hear is my heartbeat .
i ' ve spent the past twenty years trying to erase that man and he wo n't surrender the only thing i want . ''
it was the furthest thing from my mind but it was the most wonderful thing i could have possibly gotten .
` ` i mean the marriage thing . ''
i had no idea what that meant but i just nodded and agreed to its purchase as it was the first thing she 'd found that made her squeal in excitement .
` ` no , he does n't suspect a thing . ''
` ` no , he does n't suspect a thing , '' i teased , folding a scrap piece of paper in my lap .
` ` feisty little thing . ''
about the virgin thing .
the medic next to me is a little thing with dark skin and slick black hair .
` ` you do n't know a thing about it , so do n't tell me what to do . ''
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about me , so do n't pretend to even give a shit , ferro . ''
you do n't give me a damned thing , and that 's maddening .
i ' m exploring this thing , this act called sex .
` ` you mean the whole ring at the bottom of a glass of champagne thing ? ''
it 's a tender thing , counter - intuitively .
the fact that my life did n't mean a damn thing to me made me bold and reckless , and hell bent on winning .
he used to be in a gang , so he might know a thing or two about how things worked .
cookies people always fail to delete ... that sort of thing . ''
` ` the only thing i remember is you saying you 'd do anything for me . ''
` ` that 's practically the same thing . ''
some people do n't feel a thing , and some hate the entire process .
the heartbeat was strong and once again i closed my eyes so the only thing i was aware of was that beautiful sound .
dr . lowdry may have a point to this whole bedrest thing , my entire body had been aching to lay down .
i almost said i wanted to know the same thing when harper pulled brandon 's head down toward hers and kissed him .
` ` that 's practically the same thing .
another thing i do n't get - everyone always raves about the plaza , but the room is wall to wall florals - the bedding , the upholstery , the framed pictures .
the only thing i knew was that sculpt 's best friend was kite , and he considered the band his family .
` ` please explain what this challenge thing is . ''
` ` the whole challenge thing .
the whole texting thing was just my sexual tension catching up with me .
` ` and i promise i barely feel a thing . ''
you 'll barely feel a thing . ''
but instead i felt numb , barely feeling a thing about it , almost like it never happened .
although , i do know one thing that i want .
except that 's the thing he does n't get .
the first thing i come across is a blue garter trimmed with white lace .
` ` i already told you when we woke up on the park bench that i did n't remember a thing and the memories never came back to me .
` ` well , as much as that sounds like something i 'd do , i honestly ca n't remember a single thing , '' i say .
i ' ve already told you a thousand times i ca n't remember a thing . ''
she laughs a little more and i swear to god the sound of it is the most amazing thing i ' ve ever heard .
` ` you do n't know a thing about amanda or sean ferro , and you 're an idiot if you think everything you see on tv is true . ''
there 's no such thing as ' just sex , ' miss stanz .
you just keep him from leaving - apologize for me being ass , and that kind of thing .
the only thing i know beyond a shadow of a doubt is that i want you . ''
sean read my thoughts perfectly , not missing a thing .
you 're leaving me tomorrow and you did n't say a damn thing about it . ''
he does n't know me , he does n't know a damn thing about me .
there 's too much- '' he stops talking and looks over at mel , who is leaning towards us , not wanting to miss a thing .
it has an extra - long thing of string .
you do n't know a damn thing , and if you tackle someone , i swear to god that i 'll taser your ass and throw you in the trunk .
his reference to the catskills is the only thing that gives me any idea of where i am .
he could teach me a thing or two . ''
she was an animated little thing .
third thing that should have tipped me off was the pool room was in a basement and there were an awful lot of locks on that door .
i tried to remember that camden had already kissed me all those years ago , but it did n't change a thing .
the only thing i 'd leave was some sort of sign that made him think a pro did n't do it .
this was the whole problem with the ` ` knowing your mark '' thing .
but you should at least believe the shit that i ' m telling you , because i know a thing or two about this and a thing or two about disappearing . ''
i knew a thing or two about that emotion .
` ` he ruined your life and it did n't mean a thing .
i barely knew a thing about the guy except that he was an ex - lapd officer , the same police department that was probably combing sophia 's apartment for clues .
` ` first of all , we both know that ellie watt is the furthest thing from innocent . ''
and yet , a sick part of me did n't regret a thing .
then gus was knocked up full of roofies ( javier 's drug of choice , it seemed ) and the next thing he remembered was waking up in the stash house where he was guarded by three formidable men and two idiots ( according to him ) .
just like that , in two seconds flat , it 's as though i never drank a thing .
the only thing that 's a certainty is always wondering who 's going to be next .
the only thing preventing her from flying off into the stratosphere was a tether connected to her harness and the boat .
the saunders were the closest thing i had left to family , and i would be damned to see jack under - protected .
` ` the next thing i remember was my grandmother 's smiling face walking through our front door .
` ` so tell me about your new roommates and your place and stuff , '' i asked , even though he 'd told me a lot of those things before .
he does n't suspect a thing .
for a tiny thing , she sure was ballsy .
for a little thing , she sure was loud .
melissa and nora were also up to something , i sensed it , but neither would admit a thing .
he wo n't let us do a damn thing for him , but he 's letting kit get him something to drink ?
i do n't know a damn thing about her .
` ` see , here 's the thing , '' she says hesitantly .
` ` not a thing , '' i say .
the room was awash in candlelight since there was n't any electricity and i could barely see a thing .
pembrook left my chu and i looked around me , certain i did n't need to take back a single thing .
besides , she 's a frail little thing .
she always gave the horses she shoed an apple for their troubles and would secret lovely things into their ears .
` ` you 're a cheeky little thing . ''
i did n't see a thing .
he happened to be looking down at me , and my face was the first thing he took in when he opened them .
it made me roll my eyes , but i was used to that sort of thing .
well , he had helped me study for this job , back when i 'd first gotten it , so he must have picked up a thing or two .
reaching out to scruff his hair , he murmured , ` ` maybe i can teach you a thing or two one day . ''
he was probably still a little thrown by the whole sex - tape thing , as well as the marriage thing .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about raising a little boy .
` ` you guys could learn a thing a two . ''
` ` we just have to make sure the next album rocks so freaking hard that all of this does n't mean a damn thing . ''
` ` you 're a sassy little thing .
i did n't know a thing about suits , but his looked expensive to me , and it fit him perfectly , hugging his build so that no one could doubt that he was buff .
my mother would never tell me a thing about him . ''
there 's not a thing about it you 'd be interested in .
' fuck anonymous ' , because it was anything but anonymous , had been going strong for over a year now , and i would n't change a thing about it .
time had n't done a thing to numb it , which was why i supposed i did my best never to think about my little sister .
beyond that , you do n't have to think about a thing .
in fact , i did n't worry about a thing as he took his mouth to my neck , and his hands to my body .
she monopolized the entire thing , going on and on about several of her latest disastrous relationships , and some of her unorthodox sexual preferences .
i thought it was the sweetest thing in the world .
the only thing that really stood out to me were the myriad , half - empty bottles of liquor on his nightstand .
he 'd just given me what i wanted most - himself , and i could n't have denied him a thing .
i 'd called it love , and looked for love , because that 's what i 'd wanted , but love was not a thing you could force yourself to feel , or , more importantly , it was not a thing you could keep yourself from feeling .
i 'd called it love , and looked for love , because that 's what i 'd wanted , but love was not a thing you could force yourself to feel , or , more importantly , it was not a thing you could keep yourself from feeling .
` ` i see now that i did n't know a thing about love before i met you .
no one else gets a thing from me , you understand ?
we did n't hear a thing from them for hours .
she wore her tiny bronze bikini , my favorite , with a transparent gold cover - up that did n't manage to cover up a thing .
i did n't know a thing about diamonds , but it looked big to me , and it sparkled brilliantly .
i do n't have to know a thing about the tango to see who looked the best out there . ''
and second , you do n't know a thing about him , or what he 's been through . ''
how was tristan cooking for my sister , and i somehow had n't known a thing about it ?
it obviously did n't mean a damn thing to you , anyway . ''
so do n't worry , you 'll probably barely notice a thing in the morning .
you wo n't feel a thing , but i like that your body will remember me tomorrow . ''
i had n't felt a thing .
but he does n't say a thing .
just because there is n't another car parked outside , does n't mean a thing .
tonight is going to be a long night , knowing i ' ve got sex goddess upstairs , in one of my beds , and there 's not a damn thing i can do about it .
the first thing i see is the lake .
` ` i thought we 'd be best starting with the basics like google , white pages , public records , that kind of thing . ''
i do n't know how she can be after the small amount she ate , but then she is only a tiny thing .
the first thing he taught me was how to make love .
that thing i did n't entirely want to lose , because the nasty little lolita in me liked it .
and i shoved the can aside and stormed out and did n't see a thing through the brilliant bokeh of my tears .
at least she should be greeting people but she 's always asleep in her wheelchair with her chin tucked to her chest and her blue hair is the only thing you can see .
i ' m going to learn how to ride a motorcycle and then i ' m going to buy one so i can ride it whenever i want and there is not a damn thing you can do about it , '' i said , poking him in the chest .
the only thing that worries me is that i can be a little clingy .
` ` that 's a good question , '' i said , looking over his shoulder and wondering the exact same thing .
` ` the only thing i know is that i want this shit done . ''
the only thing we know is she was attacked in new york .
` ` the only thing that i want to hear from you right now is that you 're coming home to pay off your debt . ''
the only thing that nags me is that he has n't brought up proposing again since jamaica .
i lean over the side of the bed , grabbing the first thing i find , which happens to be her lace panties .
while i could n't say cole looked better now than he had earlier , because the wet hair and body thing really worked for him , he did still manage to make me feel things i should n't be feeling in his dark jeans , green jacket , and knowing expression .
it was so confusing and made no sense , but while i could n't explain so many things when it came to cole and me , i knew one thing for sure .
i was n't sure if i was more sick about the expression on his face , or the words coming from his mouth , or the fact i 'd thought we shared such a special thing that meant nothing to him .
cole 's eyes did n't leave mine , and they steadied me in the midst of finding out this kind of thing .
` ` i do n't do this sort of thing .
i had my own demons to deal with , and that sort of thing was the last thing i should be interested in .
i do n't know a thing about watches , but even i know this thing is way too expensive . ''
my hair had hung loose , though it did n't cover a thing .
` ` that damn shrug is the most infuriating thing i ' ve ever seen !
` ` i know you 're new to the whole bdsm thing .
and besides , we ' ve already discussed the gift thing exhaustively .
i really did n't know a thing about horses , i was quickly realizing .
` ` bianca thought that tattoo and piercing thing was a joke .
this thing we have is different .
he had explained the top / bottom thing to me a long time ago .
james has things for you at his place , right ? ''
now the only thing that baffles me is his taste in women . ''
i only ask one thing before you do it . ''
she was wearing a tiny black see - through slip that hung at her h*ps and did n't cover a thing .
i doubted that there was a thing about me that he did n't consider his .
it was n't the only thing i 'd given up , or the most important .
the last thing i expected to hear while scribbling notes onto staff paper was the doorbell .
the entrance is dark , and the only thing i can make out is a closet and the opening into his living room .
i wonder if he does that sort of thing all the time .
we ' ve shared almost everything there is to share when you 're getting to know someone , except the biggest thing about me .
usually when people learn i have cancer , the last thing they ask is if i ' m dying .
that 's the first thing ? ''
knowing i did n't have much of a choice , i approached the receptionist at the desk , a meek little thing with brown hair pulled into a ponytail .
she was a sweet , blue - eyed , petite little thing .
he huffed out an exasperated breath , like my helping someone was the most absurd thing he 'd ever heard .
it 's like he can crawl around inside my head and learn every little thing about me .
the only thing i know for certain is that i do n't want things to end like this .
chloe 's face went hot as she glanced over at jackson , but he just stared straight ahead as though he had n't felt a thing .
the only thing he found on the tattoo was a unit named ` ` phoenix '' that had been under the command of colonel bronn at one point .
it 's a little thing , insignificant , but somehow it always seems to hit me like this .
his manhood is a thing of contradictions , so soft yet so hard .
i died and went to heaven , and to remain still while she found herself , while she learned to let herself feel , that was the hardest thing .
the sound of her laugh , true , innocent laughter ... it 's the most amazing thing i ' ve ever heard .
he had the biggest cockstand at the moment , thanks to her careless touches and wiggling , but he suspected she would n't notice a thing ... which was good , because he was rather chagrined about it himself .
i should n't have said a thing tonight , and yet here i am , spouting off like a teapot . ''
you 're kind of shitty at that whole ' likability ' thing . ''
it was such an unnecessary thing on a modern envelope .
` ` i guess he did n't think this whole secret compartment thing through all that well .
of the threesome , mike had taken laura 's pregnancy most in stride , viewing it as an opportunity to work on patience , love , calmness , and some sort of awareness thing that he was always going on about .
she was this boyish , petite thing who had a motormouth ; most people dismissed her as un - fuckable .
darla was the closest thing she had to a sibling , and while she 'd call darla clever , ` ` genius '' was a stretch .
joe had broken that agreement , except the sharp thing he poked with was his tongue .
` ` you 're the only thing standing between a plate or ten of coconut shrimp and that table , bud , '' madge said .
luckily he kept talking and i did n't have to say a thing .
jonathan was right when he told me she was the spryest little thing i would ever meet .
i do n't care which fork is the right one to use at dinner , and he was probably born knowing that sort of thing .
` ` i wo n't give you a goddamned thing .
` ` because in the end you ca n't give me the one thing i want from you . ''
he never did a single thing wrong with me .
love is a beautiful thing . ''
it was better for everyone if the only thing they had was what he had originally offered her - a few hours of pleasure with no expectations of more .
` ` maddy would have spilled the whole thing . ''
just wondering about the whole thomas thing .
feisty little thing , ya know ?
` ` the prenup thing really surprised me . ''
first thing i searched for was a copper farm sink i saw in a magazine once .
i have to read this whole thing and let my agent know if i ' m interested by tuesday , although it seems like they ' ve already cast me for the part . ''
he was rambling on about how intelligent you are and how i could learn a thing or two about money management from you . ''
the last thing i remember was hearing the jingling sound of my collection of keys when they landed on the ground .
you are the closest thing i have to a sister in this world .
his back is as ripped as the rest of him , of course , and god , a man 's muscular back is a thing of beauty .
` ` you have n't told me a single thing about your family . ''
` ` this will give me a chance to see how i do at this whole pretending i have a maternal bone in my body thing . ''
the only thing i know that i can give you is me and my friendship . ''
but then you were the first thing that came to my mind when i woke up this morning and it felt right to bring you here . ''
` ` considering that i feel the farthest thing from hot and sexy , i appreciate the compliment , '' i say as the door opens and we both glance toward it .
he pushes me off him within minutes , growling about coming too fast , before hauling me into his arms as if i do n't weigh a thing .
i return the gesture , oddly touched by her affection since i never really get that sort of thing anymore .
` ` i ' m telling you , that 's another thing that would be abolished should i become president .
then there was the looming thing i did n't know .
i do know a thing or two about running a business . ''
` ` since your hands are covering them , it 's safe to say i ca n't see a thing .
it 's just a little thing , but you always said it was a life - long kind of love you had for the cartoon cat . ''
she shivered , and he loved the way the littlest thing elicited a reaction from her .
` ` we know one thing about a trophy husband .
a pretty young thing .
now i ' ve had a sampling of the real thing , and i ca n't bear to let it slip from my fingers so quickly .
the man knows a thing or two about brinksmanship , and he 's got the upper hand .
like all the pieces that encased my pretending heart shear off and splinter to the ground , leaving me with only the real thing , because these words , this song about two people falling in love is all too true , and all too real , and there 's nothing fake about it , and nothing happening from afar .
` ` there 's one thing i ' m going to need though to make this final , '' i say , then nod to clay .
so the deal with the sperm is it 's kinda like a ' you ca n't go swimming for thirty minutes after you eat ' kinda thing ? ''
they do n't seem to understand this whole ' leave of absence ' thing . ''
no woman wants the slightest thing to go wrong on her wedding day .
noah - flesh of her flesh and bone of her bone - was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen or heard for that matter .
from thinking he had everything planned and under his control , damen suddenly felt like he did n't know a goddamn thing .
` ` your mother told me and i heard you two talk and you did n't say a thing to deny it .
blood started to flow , endlessly , but damen did n't seem to feel a thing .
he did n't understand a damn thing that drake had said , but he knew that mairi was hurt - so goddamn hurt that she looked like she had just been through hell .
it was best to act like whatever weird thing they wanted was the most reasonable thing in the world .
mr . luthor thorne laughed at all of this , as though it was the most absurd and entertaining thing he 'd heard in ages .
then , at the dark restaurant , he 'd been sweet , asking me about my mother , of all things , and listening as i talked about my day sorting collectibles , as though he was genuinely interested .
` ` i would n't change a thing , unless you wanted to maybe try for somewhere indoors ? ''
it was a stupid thing to argue over , as are all the stupid things families argue over , but my teenage years were not pretty .
and i understand we 're all searching for the same thing . ''
` ` only thing i know is this is the path the british took when they retreated to boston .
` ` i 'd rather talk about the gun to my head thing , '' kelly said wryly .
` ` the whole meaning of the thing was about the overwhelming nature of emotional vulnerability . ''
a section i ignored because gabby had always read , assimilated , and digested the entire thing every morning , distilling it for me over breakfast .
` ` even this thing is half a f**king story . ''
i could n't come out of that world without learning a thing or two .
you have discovered the thing about yourself that will send you to into the inferno .
` ` the last thing i remember is a jumble of shit . ''
now i ca n't do a damned thing .
` ` five minutes , pretty thing . ''
there was the thing i 'd forgotten .
to me , it did n't change a thing .
the last thing you enjoyed , that made you feel alive . ''
and i did it so every time he came - not constant , but consistent - the only thing i had to give him was open for me to give .
the only thing i was worried about was that the orgasm i was about to have would kill me .
he gave me not one thing .
the only thing that i processed outside the fear and pain was spot hissing then his agonized , ` ` muuuuurrrrroooowww ! ''
he 'll give me that and not one thing will change between us .
` ` that 's the only thing i feel good about .
those necklaces are the only things i own that mean a thing to me . ''
he keeps his shit so tight nobody knows a thing about him and , trust me , i ' ve been asking around .
the only thing i get from that is a club free of that bullshit except what i control . ''
firstly for me because it meant getting shot of the only thing i had left that i shared with my mother and casey .
i knew this also because i made gray a blueberry cobbler that i served warm with gourmet ice cream and he told me it was the best thing he 'd ever eaten .
` ` one thing i got is insurance .
the only thing i get is that you are sadder and less of a man than i already thought you were and , bud , that 's sayin ' somethin ' because me and the rest of mustang thought you were lowest kind of person a person could be . ''
it was the best thing he ever gave to me .
hell , it was the only decent thing he 'd ever given me .
sure , i had about ten thousand , seven hundred and twenty - two fantastical , intense and long - running fantasies about this guy , how we would meet , he would fall in love with me instantly and sweep me away from the hell that was my life and make me blissfully happy forever but now , faced with the possibility of sharing his airspace , i wanted not one thing to do with him .
it was blindly because my eyes had filled with tears so i could n't see a freaking thing .
and i can promise you that has not one thing to do with my mother .
the precious thing he took from you is that you have no f**kin ' clue that it was n't only me in that room who watched you walk across it wishin ' he was a man who could be buried inside you .
but other than that , although i 'd spent a month with the man nearly nonstop , i really did n't know a thing about him .
the only thing on the wall was a framed black and white photo of a headshot of walter payton wearing a white headband and looking over his bears jersey covered , shoulder padded shoulder , his handsome face reflective .
i was n't finding one , single thing amusing .
but i had no earthly idea how to talk to him because this kind of thing , sam did not share with me .
i was pretty sure of this because i knew not that first thing about custom cars and bikes .
unseeing , unfeeling , not hearing a thing , not thinking a thing , i flipped my phone shut .
unseeing , unfeeling , not hearing a thing , not thinking a thing , i flipped my phone shut .
i asked his head which was the only thing shoved through the door .
as for me , the first thing i saw after waking up in the hospital which was also the last thing i saw every night before going to bed and the first thing i saw in the morning was my coping mechanism .
this did n't do a thing to decelerate my rapidly accelerating heartbeat .
her parents knew i was doing it but they never said a thing . ''
only thing they know is what went down with their own men .
then i felt a lot of other things given to me from brock but none of them had one thing to do with laughter .
then i felt a lot of other things given to me from brock but none of them had one thing to do with laughter .
the boys were back with olivia and brock 's attorney and hector had been informed first thing that morning that plans had not only changed but had been shifted into overdrive .
but the best thing he 'd given me was a family .
lawson had a thing for gwen then , he had another thing going now , a much better thing , a thing that had been a pain in his ass to win but , then again , most things worth winning were worth a pain in the ass to win them .
the only thing i had to give that woman , i gave her .
we had lobster and that was still my most favorite thing .
but that was n't the only thing i needed to know .
` ` now you are gon na call mick shaughnessy and tell him every f**kin ' thing you know about jon prosky , those robberies and anything you got involving high school kids .
you showed you decided exactly the kind of girl i was that night when that guy took his hand to me without knowing one single thing about me .
and thinking that , six hours ago , probably wearing black , probably looking lifeless , just like she 'd looked yesterday when he saw her walking out of the office with cherry , cherry 's arm around her holding her close , her head bobbing like she was agreeing to what cherry was saying when he knew just by looking at her she did n't hear a thing , tabby stood in a cemetery and laid her man into the ground .
` ` last thing i heard about you , tabby , was that you were about to tie the knot and it was a coupla weeks after that went ... '' he paused and i knew he was trying to find the right words when he finished ` ` ...
i 'd kept him away as i was doing up the room and when i unveiled it , he 'd shown me he loved the whole thing by starting a marathon session that began on our purple sheets , moved to the floor and ended on that dresser .
another thing my mother ingrained in me , which was incidentally one of the few things , like knowing how to cook , that she taught me that i liked , was that i never should look bad .
` ` eventually we were gon na have this conversation , '' he explained , but it did n't explain a thing .
` ` you do not get to throw my words in my face and then threaten to take away , '' i jerked to standing and jabbed a finger at him , ` ` you , which is the same exact f**king thing you lost it about when i did it . ''
` ` you okay about the niles thing ? ''
he did n't listen to me because what i said did n't matter , it did n't fit into his world and thus it did n't mean a single thing to him .
and you had to let her play you so you 'd be with her when curt was done and then no one would think a thing of it when you dumped her after i was available and you came back to me .
she wo n't remember a thing .
the only thing i want is peace . ''
` ` do n't - '' ` ` last thing she heard from my mouth was me callin ' her a bitch . ''
` ` wood explained things pretty clearly , '' i replied acidly .
tate has not one thing to do with you ! ''
fuckin ' you , that 's all i can think about , like a teenager , at night in the dark , it 's the only thing in my goddamned head .
and she never gave me one thing .
i looked to jonas to see he was no longer eating his cake like it was the best thing he 'd ever tasted like he 'd done his entire dinner .
of its own accord , though i did n't do a thing to stop it , my hand slid from his jaw , across his soft cheek , over his thick hair and then down to curve around the side of his neck .
i came up with no answers except for the fact that when ronnie was murdered , he 'd left me with one thing .
but that knowledge would n't be the only thing that boggled my mind last night .
and third , him telling me anytime i wanted him , he was a phone call away was the kind of thing i 'd wanted my entire life and never , not ever , had and there he was , giving it to me .
` ` and the last thing my son gave to you before you moved on was the need to take flight and do somethin ' flat out crazy to get out from under the garbage he left you .
last thing you had from ronnie was all you ever got from him .
` ` but it is n't true the only thing he gave me was garbage , he gave me more and there was a lot of it that was good .
i 'll give you one last thing , ty , my signature but that 's the last thing you , or anyone , gets out of me . ''
so the only thing i can give you are words and , my guess is , that 'll be enough .
it was the best thing he 'd ever tasted in his life .
there he whispered , ` ` faye , darlin ' , i want you to hear this and get it , what you just gave me was the most beautiful thing i ' ve ever been given in ... my ... life .
easy not to hear or see a thing .
we went a fair ways , large perimeter , got some animal tracks , only thing we got is a few leadin ' toward the trap he probably had n't yet covered and was in no state to mess with and the tracks leadin ' from the trap to the shed .
but the only thing he saw was the inside of that shed .
the only thing we found is a trail leadin ' to the north side of town , goin ' in at the carnal hotel end and another leadin ' toward the library .
there 's not one thing wrong with saying , ' to hell with that garbage , ' and immersing myself in worlds where happy ever afters are guaranteed or things are so fantastical , you know they 're not real , even the bad stuff .
this says not one thing about misty keaton or darren newcomb and who did them or this office 's determination to find that man .
` ` they did n't know a thing about me .
and i could live with all that , thinking that the best thing i gave you , the most important thing i had to give outside my love , was my name .
and i could live with all that , thinking that the best thing i gave you , the most important thing i had to give outside my love , was my name .
the only thing i got , the only thing i realized months ago i ' ve had for a long f**kin ' time , is what i ' ve kept as close as i could until i was ready to take it all the way , and that 's f**kin ' you . ''
the only thing i got , the only thing i realized months ago i ' ve had for a long f**kin ' time , is what i ' ve kept as close as i could until i was ready to take it all the way , and that 's f**kin ' you . ''
` ` i know i did n't get him the right way but that does n't mean a thing .
` ` you do n't know a thing about me .
every day was harder , every trial more stressful , but i would n't change a thing .
the only thing that entered my self - imposed numbness was my anger and grief about clara .
i could n't remember a thing .
i needed to believe that clue was right and there was such a thing as reincarnation or a better life .
and why do n't i trust a thing about him ?
` ` at least you ' ve learned one thing that 's valuable . ''
regardless , we 'd spent a couple of hours sharing things that 'd transported me away from hawksridge hall and to a place filled with softness .
as much as the discomfort drained me , i would n't change a thing .
i did n't want to change a thing , but one thing was a must - an airstrip - so i never had to step foot in a boat again .
i could n't do a thing as the girl spat on her hand , smearing her saliva over his c**k and stroking him .
tess 's lips parted and the strain of the past few minutes did n't mean a thing .
` ` you do n't know a thing about me or what i ' m capable of , '' she said , blurting the words out .
they were pretty eyes , but they did n't see a thing .
pussy was out on the open road for over an hour before the hunger hit him and he realized he 'd not eaten a thing for breakfast .
she was a slight little thing .
amy was n't a thing for him to possess .
their eyes were wide , and the smallest thing made them burst into giggles .
` ` she 's a bossy little thing .
` ` you ' ve not forgotten a single thing , have you ? ''
give him the one thing she 'd never given any other man , give him her body for him to use as he saw fit , willingly .
she wanted to find the guy and show him a thing or two .
` ` baby , i know there is n't a thing about you that 's a child .
anger shot his way , pouring out of her gaze as if it was a physical thing .
the only thing we want from you is gonzalez .
` ` you never miss a thing .
her tits were a thing of beauty .
looking after young children who fell down and scraped their knees had trained her not to freak out at the littlest thing .
her response was a thing of beauty .
` ` your red pu**y taking my c**k is a thing of beauty .
by the time she got her vacuum out , michael still had n't said a thing .
looking down at the list of questions and details , killer suddenly realized he did n't know a f**king thing about her .
` ` you do n't need to say a thing . ''
no , she would n't be staying , but the only thing she wanted to take back to vegas with her was one memory of perfection between them .
the skulls was the only thing that made sense in his world .
he could n't hear a thing , and his body was starting to shake .
this tate would n't give him a damn thing .
age does n't mean a thing to me . ''
chapter thirteen violet knew she would n't tell him a thing about her past .
her body was a thing of beauty , and zeke suddenly felt the desire to play with her .
at twenty - five years old she assumed she would n't feel a thing .
i was burning up , and the nurses and doctors could n't do a thing about it .
her smile was a thing of beauty when she turned it toward him .
she 's a shy little thing .
obviously she did n't know a damned thing .
not as cynical as vanessa , certainly - she still held out hope that there really was such a thing as true love - but enough that she needed to keep her distance , from here on out , from any and all gorgeous men .
and then , ` ` not a thing .
the only thing she saw in them was love .
her sweet tongue did crazy things to his insides , things he had never felt with anyone else , no matter how talented they were with their mouths and their bodies .
or not , he thought , trying to convince himself that he really did n't care , that payback did n't have one single thing to with understanding the woman emma had become .
jason certainly knew a thing or two about that subject .
marriage was the furthest thing from her mind .
right now , he needed to not only give her back what he 'd taken from her the night before when he 'd been completely out of control , he needed to give her the most important thing of all .
the only thing money meant to kara was security .
` ` there 's only one thing i want from you , kara . ''
honestly , it was his fault that he did n't know a damn thing about how to romance his woman .
oh hell , he did n't know a damn thing about pregnant women , but he needed to change that situation immediately .
` ` the only thing left unfinished is the fact that you never even said you were sorry for what you did .
as long as mia loved him , not another damn thing in the world mattered .
kade frowned as he finished , ` ` it 's the only thing that makes sense .
for once , control and keeping his emotions in check did n't mean a goddamn thing to him .
judging by travis 's not - so - gentle treatment of his assistant , jason doubted she knew a damn thing .
` ` then can i have one more thing ? ''
the only thing that made sense was that if something was going to happen , it was going to occur while i was in colorado . ''
casual sex was going to be a thing of the past .
` ` maggie smith , helen mirren , judi dench , you never heard a damn thing from them , once they were out of their thirties .
` ` the size - guessing thing , i mean , not carnies .
the only thing i 'd love right now is something i probably should n't talk about .
all the reading i had done , all the frowning , confused research , and i 'd somehow missed the most important thing .
i could n't stop it , could n't do a damn thing about it - and with his relentless tongue continuing to suck and swirl , in spite of the fact that i must have just soaked his face with my juices , there was no stopping what came next .
but we had to cling to the only thing we knew . ''
just a joke , a thoughtless little innuendo that absolutely did n't mean a damn thing about his intentions for the future .
this is the best thing i ' ve ever read .
i promise i ' m getting to the thing with the ashtray .
you could learn a thing or two . ''
` ` do you remember your safe word , sweet thing ? ''
i ' ve crept under his skin , and he never suspected a thing other than everything i ' ve wanted him to , but he 's made my life a hell , and payback is a wicked bitch that comes in the form of me .
` ` here 's the thing , '' i explained , my voice a whip that cut through the chatter .
she looked at him hopefully , but he did n't say a thing .
i ' ve never asked her for a damn thing .
the only thing that came through in wild technicolor was this kiss .
so i gave her the audience she obviously needed , despite the tiny voice that reminded me that the last time i attempted to listen to rachel , it did n't fix a damn thing .
it was the thing i 'd wanted since i realized that my friendly cup of coffee with whitmore and creighton 's new client , action star cade wallace , had been a horrible mistake .
and in the bedroom , submission had transformed from a foreign thing i 'd only read about into something i was born to do and be .
` ` i need you to understand that it is hard for me to not give someone i love every damn thing under the sun . ''
s - sorry , i just have a lot of things i have- '' the man had tree trunk for legs and spanned the feet between us in two strides .
another thing i had forgotten .
` ` it 's nice to meet you , '' i said softly , still tingling from the way jacob turned my name into the sweetest thing i had ever heard .
she chuckled , a haughty thing with an edge that made my stomach drop .
i do n't want you to miss a thing . ''
the last thing i wanted to talk about was the gall of rachel laraby .
` ` leila , do n't you go listening to a thing that woman says . ''
his face did n't betray a thing , but he did clear his throat and break contact before turning away .
i looked into the blue eyes that used to make my heart fly right out of my chest and i did n't feel a damn thing .
i gave him a look and he let go , severing the last thing that tied us together .
the first thing that popped in my mind was new york , a grand building where even the concrete was molded into the shape of filigrees , every square inch a work of art .
` ` your submission is a beautiful thing , melissa .
my eyes touched every curve of her beautiful face , then i kissed those lips that were the sweetest thing i 'd ever tasted .
but it still is a very hard thing to hear .
` ` forgive me , but i ca n't remember ... and i would certainly have remembered such a pretty young thing as yourself . ''
shannon had never realized the many and varied ways one could completely dissolve into the most earth - shattering orgasm but nolan had delighted in teaching her many things , including the unparalleled pleasure of being penetrated in both places at once .
` ` there 's plenty about your own club that you do n't know a thing about . ''
but i know a thing or two about people .
` ` have n't you learned a damn thing since isabel ?
he grinned suggestively down at her and said as he cupped her generous , sweet ass , ` ` now about that shower ... '' # epilogue ` ` i thought for your wedding gift , we could have our previous contract with penny framed , '' nolan joked with dillon as they enjoyed an after - dinner sherry together while the girls were off spending gobs of money on bridal doo - dads , the likes of which none of the buchanan men wanted to know a thing about .
all right , so maybe it had been the furthest thing from nothing .
she suddenly realized she did n't know a thing about reed 's background .
so instead he kept his eyes on the road and said , ` ` is she the real thing ? ''
so , like i said , did n't feel a thing at first , not until i climbed into the chopper .
getting angry would n't achieve a goddamn thing .
and yet he 'd broken things off , as if their entire relationship did n't mean a thing to him .
` ` and it just occurred to me i do n't know a thing about you , except that you live in the building and were sort of involved with christina . ''
that eco - system thing had thrown him off .
` ` i had all of these plans for tonight , matt , but i could n't go through with a damn thing .
` ` could n't hear a thing . ''
that did n't mean a damn thing .
they 'd ordered chinese for dinner , but jen had n't tasted a thing .
besides , she did n't know a thing about this dylan guy , save for the fact that he was a seal , and , apparently , a slut .
coming up with excuses not to go after what you want wo n't achieve a damn thing . ''
chapter ten coming up with excuses not to go after what you want wo n't achieve a damn thing .
she 's a grown woman , and it 's pretty damn sad that you do n't know a thing about her .
` ` worrying does n't achieve a damn thing .
but there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
she remembered a time when she had n't known the first thing about kids - but she 'd had to learn pretty damn fast once motherhood had been prematurely forced upon her .
when she looked at him with those earnest hazel eyes , he could n't deny her a damn thing .
` ` fine , i 'll stop - if you say yes to that other thing we were talking about . ''
miranda chose not to point out to her son that his contribution was n't a real thing .
` ` you do n't have to explain a damn thing .
that bastard cornered me against the wall and tried to shove his hand up my skirt , and i did n't do a damn thing to invite it !
but she could n't help it - those three words were the most wonderful thing she 'd ever heard .
` ` you know , the whole ' i like it dirty ' thing .
same hair color , same dark - green eyes , except while mia was a tiny little thing , her brother stood close to six feet and would probably get even taller , jackson suspected .
her core tingled in response , suddenly aching for that very thing .
mia , who had n't said a thing during the last five minutes , suddenly let out a snort .
` ` well , that 's the thing . ''
` ` that 's the thing , '' she says , her voice going all high - pitched like it does when she 's really distressed .
the only thing that 's to the left is the foyer .
when i come to , the first thing i notice is the dim roar of a small plane .
` ` no , '' he snorts , ` ` i do n't know the first thing about your bike . ''
the only thing i ca n't figure out is why jesus would send someone to kidnap me after the message father mendez delivered .
` ` the last thing i remember is when they noticed .
` ` the only thing i need from you is to find meredith . ''
i run around the group in front of me , into smoke so thick i ca n't see a thing .
was that another thing that you forgot ? ''
specificity is a thing i ' ve always valued , and i ca n't be specific because i ca n't remember words i ' m looking for .
` ` the only thing missing here is underwear . ''
her hips jerked and he followed her movements with his mouth , not letting her miss a thing .
it was that goddamn honesty thing that did it .
` ` kara 's history is hers to share , but you should know she 's the closest thing i have to a sister . ''
i seem to have a thing for all things american at the moment . ''
` ` i only ever asked you for one thing , dylan . ''
she was the closest thing he had to a sister .
` ` i do n't know the first thing about babies .
if he had been the type to notice the simple , endearing things in life , he would have seen a few leaves had already begun to turn and he would have smelled fall in the air .
` ` i want to see you and your roommate first thing monday morning .
` ` the only thing we have is sex , '' elroy said .
if kenny was serious about being a writer , he would learn these things in time and he would improve with each thing he wrote .
this was the last thing i expected to be dealing with .
the thing kenny did n't understand as a young straight man was that mr . savione had an invisible sexual quality most gay men would have found hard to ignore .
` ` at this point the only thing i know is we 're going to take it one step at a time and get through this crisis .
the one thing he 'd learned as jeffery 's husband was that the only thing that gave him power was the truth .
` ` the only thing i need is something normal in my life .
i did n't miss a single thing .
i guess when you live in a place you take all these things for granted .
the only thing you want is the one thing you know you ca n't have .
eventually , their erections subsided and no one would suspect a thing .
i know it does n't make sense to someone like you , but it really is the most wonderful thing anyone 's ever given me .
toby ordered chinese take out that night but richie barely ate a thing .
it will numb the area so you wo n't feel a thing , '' he said , seemingly having a hard time pulling his thoughts away from the pig poo .
husbands , love your wives , even as christ also loved the church , and gave himself for it ; that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word , that he might present it to himself a glorious church , not having spot , or wrinkle , or any such thing ; but that it should be holy and without blemish .
i glared at her , trying to figure out how a addy could say that sort of thing after knowing what i 'd been through .
you 're just a little thing . ''
maybe you could learn a thing or two from the son of lucifer .
i could n't say any thing .
he was determined to confront chance , and there was nt a thing i could do about it .
kim was the furthest thing from my mind .
it was the only physical thing i had left of kim jordan .
she s a brave little thing .
you know that supernatural things are not my thing , but combining the two scenes involving lucas , everything gains quite abnormal contours that deserve to be investigated .
she did nt know a thing about his hobbies , but , as he was a boy , she supposed they would be video games and sports .
all moms questions were too fast for marina to understand a thing .
although it was dark and she could nt see a thing , she knew the place like the back of her hand , so she crossed it without major problems , soon reaching the rivers rail .
marina shrugged and motioned to ana that she did nt understand a thing of what had just happened .
when he finished the line he was painting , he replied , the only thing my parents taught me relating to that culture was how to make wind chimes and necklaces .
she focused a little more and approached her face dangerously to his , nevertheless she still could nt see a thing .
i did nt understand a thing .
but its not the same thing .
she studied the area around her once more in search of a sign , the littlest thing that indicated the presence of her beloved , nonetheless there was nothing .
he gulped , took a deep breath and launched himself into a monologue that marina tried not to interrupt , so that she would nt miss a thing .
chapter 13 that night , after michael leaves , i find the two things he left for me .
taking from everyone , and not giving a thing back .
` ` i wanted to kiss her with every fibre of my being , cole , but i 'll be hanged if i felt a blasted thing when i touched her face or kissed her hand and cheek .
do nt really care about answers or questions or any damn thing like that .
you re going to die , traitor - boy , a voice hissed from beside me , and your dragon blood ca nt do a thing to stop it .
you are just the sweetest little thing . ''
i think that qualifies me as the closest thing you ll find to an expert .
the whole princess thing really has you freaked out , does nt it ?
yeah , there is one thing you could give me .
they wo nt feel a thing .
the only thing he and christian shared amiably was block time .
the only thing that fellas want from me is to get some cuzzy and leave .
he was my best friend , and there was not a thing i did nt know about him .
shed been my doctor since birth , and there was nt a thing she did nt know about me .
i also know a thing or two about kate that you might find useful .
when we do tell or you notice us , we make sure you do nt remember a thing , but i think you deserve to know everything , raine .
the thought of either eirik or cora dying chewed my insides , but warning them would nt change a thing .
it was still no good asking james as he had earlier told her that he could not remember a thing and that his mind was also a complete blank .
i was really over the whole snow thing .
what a trite , stupid thing to say , talking about the weather of all things !
i guess he thought that nells witchcraft involved that kind of thing .
what gives you the right to come into our lives , and act like you know a damn thing about it ?
it did nt mean a thing .
my heartbeat pounds so loudly , i ca nt hear a thing .
in case you ve forgotten , i kind of liked the whole groping in the dark thing , i say , amazed at my boldness .
oh , that does nt mean a thing .
i was nt sure if there was such a thing as emotion memory , but if there was , i was now experiencing it .
` ` in the words of hank bostoff , there 's no such thing as too much money . ''
the first thing that caught janet 's eye was the missing address and ownership information , but that did not make any sense .
` ` you never miss a thing , do you ?
lisa does n't know a damn thing , and frankly , i do n't get to do much either .
i have worked in this place for over twenty years , and until this morning i still believed in such a thing as justice .
i suppose its this baby thing .
look , if its about having a baby ... . not that old thing again .
she had two wonderful children , a beautiful home and a husband that loved her , or so she thought , she would not have changed a thing .
with her added love for all things electronic , especially anything with an apple on it , she was quickly becoming a top publisher of digital books in chicago and beyond .
but i was dreaming if i thought wolfe had any sense of gratitude or the ability to express such a thing as appreciation .
the next thing he remembered was somebody trying to wake him , he tried to frame up at them thinking that his assailants had returned , but it was no good he could not move .
she knew a thing or two about skinners .
the most difficult thing about writing of the titanic was never being able to do it justice .
he sensed that she was the only thing that stood between him and madness .
even two stories should have been enough to injure her , but she barely felt a thing .
the only thing more boring to me than walls are books , but i had n't told him this , naturally , and i was in the habit of bringing out the book during the minutes before i expected him to arrive each day .
i could learn a thing or two from you .
i knew what his intentions were , but that hardly changed a thing .
we stood there for a moment and then i began to remember the one thing that he needed to know , the blood bond .
i need to go and get someone to be a witness tomorrow and i m going to look into a donation sort of thing .
we talked for a few more minutes before we dropped the whole hallucination thing .
how s this whole getting along with alex thing suiting you ?
um , i guess ill start with the memory thing .
i nodded and then i began to tell carly about the whole nichole financially supporting alexs family thing .
well it was probably pretty easy , its a little thing called a honeymoon .
chapter 23 i stood in the kitchen , discombobulated as ever , the only thing that snapped me back into reality was alex .
karen did nt seem to mind the power thing .
he wo nt let us do a damn thing for him , but he s letting kit get him something to drink ?
i do nt know a damn thing about her .
she did n't want to miss a thing .
it did n't mean his father wanted to know one damn thing about his life .
their approval did n't change a thing .
you would n't think such a simple thing could still hold such power over her heart but it did .
the reputation it had enjoyed during those heady days after simon 's pulitzer was a thing of the past .
he enjoyed talking to her , wanted to spend time with her , wantedwanted things that had no place in the shadow maze .
if he has , i did nt sense a thing .
do nt worry , dor ; she does nt know a thing .
no , she s a genius with every damn thing , becca says .
justthe whole going back to school thing .
ill teach you a thing or two , too .
the whole bubbly thing did nt work for her and she was nt accustomed to taking risks like hailey .
` ` and another thing , '' he pressed on , moving to stand directly in front of her , his mouth inches from her own .
was there even such a thing as a small pot of chili ?
jake seemed to realize the same thing -- he breathed in sharply and flushed from his neck to his hairline , bright pink splotches standing out against his white cheeks .
mia , honey , you re my best friend and the closest thing i have to real family .
hell tell other people in authority you re needed for the security of this country , and they wo nt say a thing .
and the thing she really did nt understand was what connection this man had to both autumn and toby .
he wished he could tell her who he was , that money did nt mean a thing to him and that the ten dollars or so was nt going to make or break him .
even though i m still grossed out by the whole piercing thing , i have to admit this navel ring thing does look nice .
was nt hindsight a completely useless thing .
organisation and giving orders is a far cry from cracking an egg , she responded , suddenly needing to know that he remembered every little thing about that day , demanding validation for the way he d bared her nerves earlier .
he could blame her all he wanted , but that did nt change a damn thing .
i have nt mentioned a thing to geoffrey and do nt intend to .
it was the grandest thing .
i ve been looking for you the entire day and that imbecilic gascon never knows a thing .
she knew she was suddenly cold , freezing ; knew that her legs were rubbery , her spine prickling ominously , but she did nt feel a thing .
julie had promised her that affair was over , that it had nt meant a thing .
she could never give him the one thing he desired above all else .
i just need to download a few more things to your computer , scheduler and blackberry , but ill bring them to you at the residency .
i d lived a lifetime in wooded areas , but country living had nt taught me a thing about plants and i had no idea the name of flower .
he s probably the closest thing i have to family .
i kept hoping my memory would come back , but the only thing i remembered was how to play a few songs on the guitar .
jonathan had nt been able to do a damn thing in afghanistan to improve anyones life .
river could nt replace jonathans fancy , mechanical hand or his family , she could nt protect him from the dangers of her world , or let him return to his own , but there was one thing she could give him .
the only thing you need to know besides being a great nurse , is how to speak english .
i m just not ready for every thing to be so set in stone for us to be forever when that could be infinite .
the first thing you all must understand is that to stand strong as a group , you must first stand strong as individuals .
the only thing i do know is we all need to work together .
sleep seemed the furthest thing from my mind .
it was nt a surprise - if there was such a thing as a good egg , it was holly .
it was a strange thing to ask .
she s a sweet little thing .
the least little thing sent them into a wild and uncontrollable tailspin .
unfortunately , i can not think of a single thing that would be beneath suzannes audacity .
* * * chapter 5 tents were the first thing matt and jenni looked at .
` ` did n't tell me a thing .
` ` this guy drives into camp , takes a shine to me , and obviously does n't know me or understand a thing about me .
he was still new to this spiritual plane thing .
too bad you are not going to be on this earth long enough to learn such things , gol threatened the seed .
the giant 's charm was a spiritual thing and as such , it resounded in her head drawing her into the spiritual world more fully and more deeply than she had even gone with emil .
it would be the longest time they d spent alone , and he was going to dive in and discover every little thing he could about abby sullivan .
there 's no such thing as ghosts , shadows , goblins , or whatever else you think !
maybe i can get him so hammered he wo n't remember a thing .
only thing he s missing is a tie .
you could learn a thing or two .
is there any particular thing you want to know ?
i have to treat this very delicately so the witches do nt suspect a thing .
that wo nt mean a thing to me , vincent points out quickly .
i ca nt see a thing as i press myself up against michaels body .
no slayer could possibly see or hear a thing in here .
i imagine if i were thirty - two hundred years old , i would nt care about a thing .
klein would take another person i cared about and i ca nt do a thing to stop him .
some are more credible than others , but its such an odd thing to bring up .
i wish i could feel that , but the truth is i ca nt feel a thing right now .
that lucidity that can only come with having been around the world , seeing events unfold for thousands of years , that sort of thing has to have an influence on the way you perceive events .
no super will be able to see the manor , and humans will not see a thing at allall vincenzo had to do was compel some of the people that worked for him , out of his network , that is .
she was the cutest thing he d seen in a very long time .
she did nt do a thing .
not knowing was perhaps the most difficult thing of all .
he did nt remember a thing .
@ heather you do nt know a thing about me .
the whole thing did not make sense to him , so he sent a message back , asking what it was and how could he open it .
he dropped the kettle in his haste to return to the computer , a cup of coffee at this moment in time was the furthest thing from his mind .
flattery is the farthest thing from my mind .
but blame is a funny thing .
to me , fear is the most exquisite thing in the world .
she smiled whenever he looked up , nodded when she was supposed to , and left without knowing a thing more than when she came .
among men like ourselves , the only thing that counts is force .
ill show you a thing or two .
the only thing i wanted to prove was that you chose to stay for more reasons than the blasted children !
for someone who has nt dabbled as yet , i would have thought the first thing you d want was confirmation that you liked it and what role you preferred .
as he placed the empty flute in front of him , lewis looked over to jim and rhetorically quizzed , as he knew fine well the answer , is there such a thing as a dram in the house , jim ?
his wicked blue eyes did nt miss a thing .
he willed her to look at him and see that the darned stupid dare did nt mean a thing .
daniel christies beloved grandfather is dying and daniel knows there s only one way to make his last weeks happy ones give him the one thing he s always wanted the promise of heirs .
i kind of wondered if there even was such a thing as happy endings for looser like myself .
boy , i 'd like to show that jerk a thing or two .
i guess the first thing i want to talk about is what to do about rusty , then dave , then , well , you know .
and , there s just one thing i want to leave you with .
where did you really learn that thing with the ropes ?
in our school days , the only thing we were much awaiting for was the public exam .
it was the most complicated thing in the world and i was never confused for anything like that .
at the end of that most painful day , i explained the whole thing to her when she asked me about that .
the only thing your loved ones need from you is that you be the best version of yourself that you can envision .
` ` by the time you get off the treadmill , you 're all sweaty , and those baggy sweats you wear ca n't hide a thing once they get wet .
the last thing he saw before everything went black was luccio advancing on tara , and he could nt do a thing about it .
he died of fright , with his eyes and mouth wide open as if he were screaming , but no one in the jail heard a thing .
okay , okay , my turn , belindas mom , anne , quipped , so , muriel , we ve been friends for years andand you know we ve shared everything , but one thing i was nt able to share with you is , she said as she pulled a scarf out of her bag .
the final thing of noteno one talked to research .
one thing she did nt need today was this old song - and - dance .
shed learned a thing or two about john since her eavesdropping sessions in the break room began .
absolutely the least funny thing i have ever heard .
you seem to be completely dense about that sort of thing , marcus stated .
in some ways its really nice getting to know each other this way and in others , its the most frustrating thing in the world .
the only thing i m missing now is a capri sun and bubble tape .
family became the most important thing to us , and we learned to value things that most people take for granted .
its this thing this thing that you re supposed to give to someone , not lose by accident and indifference !
` ` well , that 's the amazing thing , '' bridget continued .
well , maybe this is what age and experience have taught me : to know the real thing when at last i see it .
one more thing you should think of , maudie continued .
that rascal grover knows a thing or two about women .
you know , maybe your pseudo - relationships or something serena laughed , do nt miss a thing , huh ?
it was too powerful , too unpronounceable , too unwieldy a thing , and if she said it out loud it would just explode like a cannon .
you were nt so egg - headed on the continent as to insult our hostess first thing upon entering her home , jude chided under his breath as they squeezed past the throngs and into the ballroom proper .
much as she strained , she could nt hear a thing , even with her ear pressed to the door .
now your turn , you still have nt explained about the oracle thing .
they did nt hear a thing , he reassured her .
do nt you start throwing the prince thing at us , niall .
she was so lost in her thoughts she did nt hear a thing , so she jumped with a loud gasp when someone knocked on the window of her car , and her heart thundered in surprise .
she was a tiny thing .
for such a tiny thing she could pack it away .
so this repository thing is what , like a library ?
i do nt know , its the only thing that makes sense , caleb said with a shrug .
the only thing coming through was the grimoire , but now i can hear them both .
they did nt suspect a thing , not even when they started falling asleep .
the only thing they did know was that georgie should not be allowed to hang out with nate .
my topic was romantic literature , a subject i had reinvented in the years following fiona ; a thing which now lived and breathed through me .
our agreement was short - lived ; like dog years , we quickly came into an argument about whether such a thing as destiny existed .
my aloneness was now but a thing of ancient times .
you could nt hear a thing from outside .
it was obvious i was nt going to get a thing out of her .
chapter 6 if i were going to be shot at sunrise for not knowing , i could nt have told you a thing about the bible study hour .
the emphasis in his voice and the approval in his eyes made the day suddenly sparkle and life again seem a thing of joy .
she probably did nt mean a thing by it .
the tony thing was not pleasant .
i d forgotten only one small thing .
right now , the thing i wanted most from ross was his assurance of forgiveness and the restoration of our relationship .
the only thing i had to practice was my balance with a loaded backpack .
it 'd been a while since i 'd done that with a girl , and i 'd learned a thing or two since then .
and the first thing after that was a period .
and the only thing i think i really want from you now , the only thing you could try to explain , is why ?
and the only thing i think i really want from you now , the only thing you could try to explain , is why ?
there s not a thing there , except maybe some old attraction .
curious evening , some woman came looking for you , a pretty little thing with bronze skin and sinful chocolate eyes .
that s another thing i like .
i could nt feel a thing as i trudged inside .
visiting her mom first thing had been bad enough .
he had been hidden from view but was now the only thing i could see .
you 're not hiding a thing . ''
that was the only thing you wanted from your mother , maebry 's contract . ''
holding his heart still , so still he could n't feel a thing , he urged casey forward , racing home .
the only thing i do n't understand is why it is important to give birth to a daughter ?
she was lost and way out of her depth , she did n't know a thing about fine dining .
why would he want to know the colour of his eyes that was a strange thing to ask ?
he had already defied his father with the contract and the whole london thing .
it was n't a thing and she felt bad at calling it that .
especially taking into account that he was armed with a sword and i was arm with , well , not a damn thing .
that thing that s intangible and difficult to explain but absolutely there .
i tried to recall if this had ever happened to me , this vision thing .
i imagine the same thing that fuels your distain for me .
chapter 1 pain was the first thing i became aware of .
she was a spunky little thing .
evidence of neglect was the only thing standing in his way of filing for full custody .
probably did nt feel a thing .
after peeking inside , i d rewrap my gifts and no one ever suspected a thing .
about the whole marriage thing .
hi there , sweet thing .
its a tiny thing .
and i do nt do a damn thing about it .
one thing that did n't escape her was the fuzzy feeling that ran through her whenever she focused on alex .
the only thing she cared about was that wealthy people had approved of my art , and their validation meant i d be accepted into affluent society .
i want to know what image he s looking at but i do nt say a thing .
but i ve come to learn that there is no such thing as perfection .
he watched her with bright , blue eyes that did nt seem to miss a thing .
the only thing that made sense in this irrational pool he was drowning in .
for one thing , it will get us locked up .
his laugh was a joyous thing .
in our world , your body swollen with new life is the most glorious thing there is .
it seems such a little thing to include the boy .
restless and uneasy about what was coming , lizzie had barely been able to eat a thing at dinner and when she had asked for a glass of wine , which karl told her was bad for the baby , he d given it to her anyway and poured one for himself as well .
but for now , the biggest thing they needed was their creativity .
i mentioned i knew the women who were going to open the youth center , told him all about this adorable one with a penchant for all things coffee he grinned a little quiet though , and not at all inclined to accept my help riley , maddy chided with a laugh .
it was glorious as always , but did n't do a thing to remove her apprehension .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about her .
` ` this little thing ? ''
and he had n't demanded a thing , just enjoyed her with a fragile sort of deliberateness .
even if clint did n't remember a thing , she did .
` ` your name is jessica , sweet thing .
the first thing his mind registered : blue .
taught me a thing or two .
yea , she turned it into this big thing right before she died .
your dad , my brother , forgot the most important thing about being an indian .
the only thing he needs now is a regular exercise routine and you can do that on your own .
the only thing that troubled him was that the howling had come from close to the cattle pens .
same dynamics as rwanda , only the international community knows what will happen if they do nt interfere and still nobody seems to have learned a thing .
somewhere inside , she was locked up in a room and there was nt a damn thing he could do about it .
it scared me , the breathing thing .
i was nt sure there would ever be such a thing as enough .
its impossible to keep a thing like that from someone .
her moans were the most beautiful thing he d ever heard in his life .
because luke was feeling bad , because he was frustrated and because he d begun to understand that exact thing last night , he answered , maybe .
then , even though it boils down to basically the same thing as an ultimatum , you ll be relating to him in ways hell respect and understand .
the only other thing he found was a press release issued about the new radio show being a platform for her charity work .
he wo nt learn a goddamn thing .
in a matter of a few short hours , the contents of the investigation did nt mean a goddamn thing .
love is a strange thing , beth .
frankly , i did nt want to miss a thing .
she has that tendency of exaggerating the whole truth , even if its just the smallest thing .
why , because of the whole hair and death stare thing ?
and because of the hair and death stare thing , i added .
she did nt remember a thing , which i supposed was good .
this was the closest thing to it .
i try to do that myself ... .i see they are my family and my brain knows i can not win by attempting to change 100 years of proud church history ( my grand dad 's grand dad was a proud elder of the church ) so for the most part i try n keep quiet and let people be , then once in awhile something comes up that is so wacky to my brain i say / email / call/ things i ( should ) know will be taken the wrong way , and be twisted into something i never meant ... ... .like the gay teletubby thing .
i ai nt never hung around them folks , but from what i heard of em , they never hung around the same woman long enough to learn her name , much less love her , but here he was screeching his teeth out that everybody oughta believe in love , or some such silly thing . )
and phillip was right about one thing , at least .
we are friends , and were sharing this incredible thing .
i still ca nt see a thing , but maybe he has better night vision than i do .
that first hit was a thing of beauty .
that other thing is nt so easy to ignore though .
is this that germ thing again ?
he knew a thing or two about lingerie , but what he liked best on a woman was ... nothing .
` ` i ' m not giving up a single thing . ''
take me places , explain things . ''
her name was rozzinda lewis and he had n't heard a single thing she 'd said about the teencenter since they 'd started the tour .
the one thing his new digs did n't haveyetwas a pool .
were trying to expand to be able to offer assistance to more children , and to be able to offer assistance for cosmetic surgeries as well as medical surgeries so that we can help children with deformities or with scarring , that type of thing .
with jack , the only thing she really knew was that their whole relationship was based on a pretend marriage .
i wo nt feel a thing .
as he d predicted , nobody suspected a thing .
i start to laugh , but he silences me with his lips , kissing me until laughing is the farthest thing from my mind .
i had set it for 6:00 a.m. , and when i woke up at 11:00 a.m. , it was blaring and i had not heard a thing .
i ca nt see a damn thing through the fog on the windows and the rain , horn - rims complained , reaching to wipe the windshield with his sleeve .
you never miss a thing .
you wo nt feel a thing , and when you regain copiousness , you will be given pain medication .
in addition , the very thing that once charmed her , that italians live in their history , began to grate .
the only thing i learned about him this morning is that he liked to live life on the edge .
there was one thing i forgot i had .
you know , i still might believe it , if only you were nt right at home in that get - up , and so damned self - assured , though you do nt know the first thing about anything .
they did nt tell us a thing .
but he never really bought the whole time travel thing .
the scientific precision was a thing of beauty .
so maybe robin did know a thing or two .
a nod was her only answer , though inside her head , a panicked voice was asking her to not reveal a thing , pack her belongings and leave before the situation got ugly for all .
you seriously succeeded in tracking down my wife and getting her to associate with you without suspecting a thing .
she realized , hearing charlies story , that she did nt know a thing about real pain .
she is a pretty little thing .
it pissed him off that there was nt a damn thing he could do about it either .
considering i ve been doing this over three hundred years , i do nt think you can teach me a damn thing .
apparently , neither of us know a damn thing about love , evangeline , and that seems to be a big problem here , liam said .
it was such a small thing that carried such a big punch .
the first thing you have to learn is how to bump , mark said .
there is no such thing as safe .
i was just starting to calm down a bit , but thanks for reminding me about the whole kevin thing , melissa said sarcastically .
it would be impossible except , well , i mean , except for the gabriel thing .
he realized that his time spent regenerating in dr . franklin terzinis laboratory did not hinder his performance or dull his razor - sharp senses ; he had nt lost a thing .
food was the farthest thing from her mind .
to share something as beautiful as the ocean with someone you love must be the nearest thing to heaven , she bet .
but her throat was too tight and her mind too foggy to say a thing .
she had nt even been able to give her mother the one little thing she should have been able to give .
sebastian could nt say a thing .
but come on sex is like the best thing ever .
he said , i ca nt see a damn thing .
alaina could nt say a thing .
i could nt understand a damn thing in high school .
he did nt dare say a thing .
she could nt see a thing as she raced down the narrow pathway she hoped would lead her to somewhere safe .
the only thing i learned was he was an ass , but that was something i already knew .
there s just one more thing we need , maybe two .
for instance , if you elect to move to a cottage , there is a figure that is comparable to what you would have to pay in rent for equivalent housing in conyerville , plus an allowance for utilities , that sort of thing .
alice , ill have to depend on you for a lot of guidance since i do nt know a thing about conyerville , or even have any idea about where to start shopping .
and do nt look at me that way ; i do this sort of thing all the time .
every day , but what a strange thing to bring up right after proposing to me not so strange .
things just seemed to fall into place , and ryan adding the white house was totally unexpected .
but just in case we ever have a fight or something , i think we should practice making up , you know , sort of a rehearsal , in case we ever have to know that sort of thing .
franz said he had some weird things there , oh , and by the way , heres one more thing you ll need eventually .
i m still in practice ; maybe ill need to teach you a thing or two , big guy .
grayford , massachusetts is almost the polar opposite of her sweet jungle escape , but it does have one thing her old home never offered tallis verdan .
oh , and there was this one bubbly purple thing the color of that dinosaur on the kids show and do you remember where the keys to your truck are ?
in fact , she had this thing against young male blood .
and then there was that locked door thing .
though she did n't possess chris 's ability , melissa 's insight into a person was uncanny and she did n't miss a thing .
there s one thing i do nt understand , though , caroline said so quietly , i almost did nt hear her .
` ` the only thing that piqued my interest was the witches .
that 's one thing i did n't miss when they moved out .
i was starting to understand the whole mixed signals thing that girls my age were constantly complaining about .
it all seemed too ... conveniently effortless , when the day before he had been far too distressed to tell me such a thing .
i wanted to scream at him , tell him he did n't know a thing about me or what i was going through .
` ` so , by the way , about the whole passport thing ...
did i destroy him with the light thing ?
and shed learned a thing or two about makeup application .
well , i suppose we should look after renting the space first , making sure of zoning , that sort of thing .
and perhaps shed wonder the same thing , and he could explain all of it .
the only thing i want to find is a way out of his house .
and it felt like i knew youprobably because of the whole protection thing .
she was falling for jack torrence and for once in her very controlled , very organized life , there was nt a thing she could do about it .
heck , i was never a big believer in the whole life after deathheaven thing .
jason seemed to sense i needed a moment and did n't say a thing until i squealed the car off the dirt drive onto the pavement of the main road .
` ` well , the whole emo , black wardrobe thing was just to protect my privacy and now , well , now i do n't know . ''
` ` sounds like you know a thing or two about baseball . ''
i ca nt see a thing without these glasses .
this whole phone thing was simply more of the same .
for a split second she had n't a clue what he meant , but only a heartbeat later she was tapping on her keyboard and seconds later she was inside a strange hotmail account which had her number plate for a name , opening a draft email which was the only thing in any of the boxes .
boring thing .
when hank arrived , he helped attach the banner behind the couch so it would be the first thing jeremy saw when he came in the room .
she nodded , not knowing a thing about window or door installation , but feeling warmth in her heart that he was using his talents and being productive .
a word about oz dust designs & the green girl studio - oz dust designs is an online place where people can come and learn new fiber art techniques , find gifts for friends and family , and chat about all things knitty and hooky ( a.k.a knit , crochet ) .
bold golf professional lettering on the back of his shirt hinted that he knew a thing or two about miniature golf .
and the eloping thing was simply a question for you to consider for whomever you marry i never said that i wanted to elope with you .
the first thing i need to know is , do you still care about raymond tyler ?
the only thing of interest was a letter from paul adams .
mom had died when i was a toddler and i could n't remember a thing about her .
time to add the one thing guaranteed to ensure i escaped without seeing kye .
considering the size of the tennis player 's biceps i 'd seen while treating his shoulder earlier today , he would n't feel a thing .
now , those girls could show mrs . markham a thing or two about giving head .
for one thing , he was nt asking me to come back because he suddenly realized he was still in love with me .
i slurped again , but could nt come up with a thing about her .
i could nt believe a thing anymore .
but the viking , a man so full of surprises i could nt predict a single thing about him , had an answer .
caroline , believe me , that does nt mean a thing .
jonathan had almost forgotten about the whole switched identity thing .
i did nt do a thing except guide you into a level six stage of profound somnambulism .
i may be old , but i learned a thing or two from you with that texting , and i know that those caps signify i mean what i say .
how in the hell could he tell her he knew who she was , that there was such a thing as real magic , and that he thought she possessed the power to do it , without sounding like a complete psycho ?
and i know a thing or two about resisting something you really want .
but i know a thing or two about willpower , and if you d actually read that pledge , you d know that the first part of what you promised involves avoiding temptation .
you do nt know a damn thing about her .
i did nt have any alcohol last night , but i ca nt remember a thing after taking the cup he gave me .
the only thing i m equipped for at home , other than breakfast , is grilled cheese .
the one thing i did manage to grab was a few bottles of wine .
he takes a step closer as if the ring on my finger does n't mean a thing .
she knew the outfit would look better if she was nt wearing her glasses but since she could nt see a thing without them she put them on anyways .
she was a nurse and to her the most precious thing was life .
the only thing holding you back and limiting yourself is : you !
buti do nt know the first thing about designing clothes !
the only thing she learned was that vincent sangre loved kids and was very good with them .
i could throw the whole wedding thing back at you have you taken tyler down to meet the family yet ?
they did nt know a thing .
it was a beautiful thing , marriage .
the thing certainly had all the characteristics of a hot potato .
there was nt a thing garrett could do about this until monday .
only one thing was obvious .
like why shed so willingly given him something as precious as her virginity , and why she had nt told him , and whether she had ever really felt a damned thing for him at all .
the little she - devil did nt do a damn thing to provoke him , either .
and when i checked in on her in the morning , she did nt remember a thing .
` ` if she 'll look at me again , i will give her the only thing she asked me for .
this little prick was standing between me and my future and there was not a damned thing i could do about it .
` ` so , are you guys gon na show me what this whole daiquiri thing is all about or are we going to stand out here and play ? ''
` ` there 's only one major thing i do n't understand .
sounds like the only thing they left out was time travel .
by the time you re in the air , you wo nt feel a thing .
so i came up with the one thing sure to stop her in her tracks : a boyfriend .
as i pulled the undies up into place , i was shocked to realize i did nt feel a thing .
the whole damned thing sounded as tentative as a marriage proposal .
the only thing that worried him still was how widely known her attachment to richard wilton was .
why do men think you need to hear that sort of thing ?
it was another way to save money , which was the main thing he hoped to gain from this farce .
it could help so many people and that was the only thing in my new existence which ever made any sense , even remotely .
` ` what about the whole transparency thing ? ''
it 's a lot of pressureputting all my eggs in one basket kind of thing . ''
ma put the steaming hot biscuits down on the table and my brothers who never seemed to learn a thing , started to grab for them greedily .
- nora barteau chapters prologue one prologue two one the abomination and a tainted whisper two the sweetness of the dream three sway with me four getting up to speed five the lady in the dark six waking back up into the world seven another night begins eight scripted fate nine fate has a sense of irony ten kismet eleven no second thoughts twelve the course of destiny thirteen the simpleton fourteen the meadow fifteen the illusion and the gilded blood sixteen failing memory seventeen more than a date sub chapter black eighteen welcome to the fold nineteen the request twenty a night on the thin red line twenty one the education twenty two the first truth twenty three the small things twenty four lies in truth to save a life twenty five coming to terms with reality twenty six the facts of life twenty seven the end of one life twenty eight an intimate moment twenty nine come inside thirty - behind the scenes thirty one cursory explanations thirty two preparation thirty three option two thirty four the eventuality thirty five the island in the pale still water thirty six redefining terms thirty seven finding the path thirty eight alternatives to death thirty nine the walk forty coming to terms with a new reality forty one the daylight hours forty two adapting forty three the desire for blood forty four a new kind of different forty five checking the goods forty six approval forty seven finding usefulness forty eight the prelude sub chapter red forty nine the concert fifty the years in between fifty one more time to kill fifty two a pleasant haunting and another new life fifty three the words in the dream fifty four the visage fifty five back to reality fifty six the uncomfortable conversation fifty seven a simple solution fifty eight another unwelcome change fifty nine being alone with a monster sixty the accusation sixty one a world with meaning sixty two talking to a demon sixty three the after - hours proposal sixty four the unwelcome guest sixty five an old friend sixty six the ululation of the nightmare sixty seven what lies within sixty eight the ocean rendered epilogue foreword to the realities that propagate in our minds that we calmly tell ourselves do not exist - i ask you .
and there wo nt be a damn thing you can do about it but feel fucking happy for it inside of your sick tinted and twisted head !
what s this thing about destiny ?
no , i do nt think there s such a thing , he said lightly .
he could nt see a damn thing , save the light of the moon that did nt illuminate much but that speck of heated pupils that shone brightly .
and there 's the whole lacking substance thing too .
i ve learned a thing or two .
they did nt do one damn thing for us when we came home .
the only other thing jim could tell me was that hunter was paying for some repairs to the home of one of his congregation .
another thing that i can not imagine .
they looked ecstatic to see her but the only thing i heard her say to them was , did you bring my phone ?
one thing that made holly hard to track was that she did nt use credit at all .
i had to smile ; it was a beautiful thing no matter how angry i d been at him .
the thing that impressed aiden the most was that it was all hard for him to even find .
you do nt know a thing about me , so do nt pretend like you do .
my uncle is a jeweler and has taught me a thing or two on the jewelry front .
her playbills were nt the only thing i saw the day i snooped .
the thing that helped her recompose herself enough to be able to summon her hovermobile and get into it was one persistent thought : i have to get out of here .
amari had never seen any mortal thing being so popular within the immortal communities .
and another thing , if you do nt mind .
the only thing that existed for her consciousness was an enormous , petrifying , cold and dark nothingness .
i m coming , ill be there very soon the sharp coolness on her wrist was the only real thing at the moment .
nothing would be better than visiting all the places in the world with daniel and experiencing the same things together .
college was the furthest thing from my mind then .
it did nt matter because we made it through dinner and shaun did nt spill a thing .
you ca nt hear a thing because of the chopping sound .
the way her nose crinkles when she gets an idea or the way she accepted every little fucking thing in stride .
i understand that he 's been in touch with duncan , though , e - mails , that sort of thing . ''
` ` or maybe this easter on the lawn thing . ''
` ` i have an ancient song to play for ye , '' the lilt in andrew 's voice was more a characterization then the real thing .
his little sister was sweet and smart and gifted at so many things .
i have nt gotten a thing done all day .
who is this pretty little thing ?
hell , on another day she might have welcomed it , but after their carefully controlled morning and everything that had happened with summer , the cool - take - charge thing just pissed her off .
he looked at me curiously so i quickly added , this whole blind date thing .
the whole dream thing had done a great job of confusing me .
the only thing his incentive was giving me was more material for my nightmares .
even when you ca nt remember a damn thing !
its going to happen , and there s not a damn thing i can do about it .
the whole divorce thing was reallyme feeling guilty .
but lets forget about the infusion thing .
she was the closest thing i had to a best friend in new york .
well , for one thing , you re back home , in charleston , lori anne said .
he does nt know a thing about me !
i do nt have to do a damned thing i do nt want to .
she answered every question without giving away a thing .
she has written for 7 publishers and 2 soap operas , has racked up 15 rita award nominations and actually , finally , won the damn thing in 2005 .
in the meantime , i hope the sweetest thing makes you laugh and cry , and that it does nt make you crave chocolate too much .
this was not about her own worshipful love affair with all things chocolate , it was about finding a gift for sugar , and she might as well be generous if this forgiveness thing was going to get off the ground .
ren wondered what the statute of limitations was , on the valentines thing .
its such a tiny thing .
- this shows that you do nt even know anything about this all thing !
i m quating : the only thing what could prove henis possible violence is that one day when she slammed the door on me , that glass door in their living - room almost hit against me .
lesotho had been elegant in that the only thing of height were mountains , rocky and dried - out shadows vaulting in unutterable silence .
tsiiii sfikita sfikita tsiiii tsiiii sfikita sfikita tsiiii hraifs eyes are wide open now , the whites the only thing visible in the darkness .
he ca nt see a thing .
why herein is a marvelous thing !
it was an interesting thing , a word , what it means , how it works , where and when it should or could be used .
al - rasheeds voice is earsplitting and raad ca nt hear a thing other than the wind screaming overhead and only the night is there , the bullets shouting at him as he runs through the open spaces , driven by nothing other than live !
the first thing i noticed when i got off the plane from china was fat !
harper was a cute little thing , for sure , butfrom a distance .
passion is a dangerous and complex thing , carmen .
it was nt see through , and the only thing i could make out was a series of palm trees swaying in the soft breeze above the cusp of the walls .
you just sometimes take the possession thing too far .
within minutes , i was fast asleep and the next thing i was aware of was nate carrying me into the house .
most of the property is surrounded by rocky cliffs , but there s a beach if you enjoy that kind of thing .
the first thing i noticed was a giant canopy bed .
well not every thing , exactly .
he tried to think of a clever comeback , but he d never been any good at that sort of thing .
` ` i think there 's one more thing you need to see , '' jeremiel said .
he was known for hiding things from me , but i could nt think of a new thing worth deceiving me .
it looks like you did nt forget a thing , rick added .
even the guys who just met you know that , and since it was determined between meaningful looks that we were going to let things run their course , we could nt tell you a thing .
the telepathy thing was nt tied to the sorceress stuff , at least i did nt think it was , and i did nt receive any extra head pains .
she took small steps , too afraid to touch or do a thing .
johnnie did say something about his hotel , but jess did n't know a thing about it .
i do nt know the first thing about music .
jess , i m not forcing you to do a thing .
you do nt know a damn thing about me then , johnnie said .
nobody drank a thing .
the only thing that made tax season tolerable was that she was meticulous about record keeping .
` ` hate to burst your bubble , sweet thing , but there is no doctor .
he did n't feel a thing , the high surge of adrenalin protecting him as he rapidly tossed large pieces of flesh , seeking access to the beating heart .
# # # about rose rose is a multi - published , award - winning author and dilettante who loves great conversation and discovering interesting things to weave into stories .
pride 's a cold thing to take to bed on a winter night , her best friend had said , but damaris ignored her .
you do n't know a thing about me !
she could stare marcus o'hare in the eye and not feel a thing .
i ' ve never been to a ball and a hardly know a thing about dancing .
i was getting used to having all my needs met without asking for a thing , but there were times it could still be annoying .
i was pretty sure the only thing i picked up from her in life was a love of cooking .
chapter 20 time is a very curious thing do nt be such a party pooper , she said as soon as we put enough distance in between us and everyone else .
yeah , similar to that whole immaculate conception thing in the human bible , my dad said .
as long as you have your sacrifice in order , you should nt feel a thing .
it has been noted that i was nt great with the whole patience thing , right ?
you have such extraordinary powers , and you do nt do a thing to exploit the rest of us .
the next thing i recognized was that i had nt realized how much she was actually supporting me .
she shared her story about her christmas with her family with me and i did nt share a thing with her .
no matter how many times i d seen it , clarence getting his wings was a beautiful thing .
the one thing i could nt get rid of was the conversation i had had with ron the previous summerthe one about unprecedented gains and my sneaking suspicions .
i m sure he could teach you a thing or two .
he does nt know the first thing about bondage .
its just a small thing , i know , but still , it takes me by surprise .
he looks at me and i know i see regret in his eyes , but it does nt change a thing : he still leaves me standing there alone , stunned and shaking with desire and wanting him .
look , whatever this thing is with jared , well work it out .
combined , they re a very strong oracle , so we ca nt keep a thing from them .
we started moving again , and i was still cursing the whole eyes closed thing .
she s the cutest little thing you ll ever see , she said , taking out a phone and speaking into it .
adina was a cute little thing , but i d always be partial to my own children .
the only thing of value she had left was her grandmothers ruby ring .
the last thing she remembered wascareening down that hill towards her death and then - michael .
you do nt know the first thing about making chocolate .
to tell you the truth i think this whole thing about the mystery of the two sexes is overblown .
and then he says cheekily , maybe i could teach you a thing or two about horses !
it may be the furthest thing from your mind but let me tell you its not the furthest thing from their minds .
barry - ah , those dublin girlsthey could teach some of these holy marys around here a thing or two !
he was highly amused at the shenanigans of the past twenty four hours and commented , i ve learned a thing or two myself .
next thing i remember is blood flowing from his back as he lay on the floor .
there is such a thing as free will you know .
this was the only thing i had left from him , from my christopher .
the last thing i remember before sinking into a dark , dreamless sleep was texs horrible laughter as he pressed the needle into the muscles of my forearm .
the only thing i could hear was my breath as it slowed down and then nothing .
nicole runs toward me and i hear her panicky voice but wink at her as she kneels beside me ensuring that i get up slowly so that greg will not suspect a thing .
quickly we move forward but as we reach the end , the only thing before us is a pit of bubbling lava , no ledge to crawl around , no visible opening on the other side , searching the walls , there is no visible opening above either , only red burning rock all around , like the lit charcoals of an old bbq .
one little look at a letter would nt hurt a thing , would it ?
she took care of everything thomas needed and wanted , usually doing so without him saying a word about a thing .
the next thing she noticed was her mouth was dry .
she did nt know a thing about my lap girl .
and if i happen to teach you a thing or two along the way , well , all the better .
slowly and deliberately his thumb rubbed my palm as he whispered , and perhaps , lily , i could teach you a thing or two in return .
i ca nt always accommodate weekend appointmentsespecially not first thing sunday morning .
she felt more mischievous than angry and knew a little thing like melted chocolate would n't slow ox down .
the first thing she noticed was a keypad for every locked door .
the tenants at the rookeries have few things to offer anybody , except their bodies , their souls , and a place to lie down and sleep off their excesses .
which was the first thing that was odd .
take the advice of an old man who knows a thing or two .
and she was a strong - willed little thing too , underneath the shyness .
the student stared desperately at the notes , which did nt seem to tell him a thing .
was there really any such thing as security ?
when i was through he said , i can see the best thing you need right now is a buddy .
you know i can still hurt you , little thing !
ill let you know first thing friday .
those documents do nt mean a thing to an untrained eye .
the first thing they saw when they walked in was the enormous tyrannosaurus rex fossil in the center of the entryway .
now the only thing remaining would be the return of that damn dog leash .
the first thing i learned was that his name was christopher .
unfortunately , the next thing that i saw clearly was the last thing on earth that i needed to see , or so i thought , at the time .
the thing that causes the victim to lose sleep , to miss meals , and most importantly the thing that makes him despise every other woman in his life except me .
we 're spiritual twins , kindred spirits , made of the same essence and all that sort of thing you know .
well , you take it easy then , enjoy the weekend , and well see you first thing monday morning .
in that case , i have one more thing for you .
i m not sure what you think of the whole threshold thing , or marriage for that matter , but i d love to pick you up and carry you over .
purgatory can be different for different people , but the memory thing is something i know happens to everyone .
spare clothing was another thing mak had imported in for us .
its a really a simple procedure , and i promise you wo nt feel a thing .
his power was the only thing standing between scott and justice , her justice .
she did not hear a thing , in fact .
she did nt feel a thing .
that s the one thing i ca nt give you .
i do nt know the first thing about stripping dancing , for that matter .
his blood mingled with the sem*n in her mouth , creating a blended essence that was the most delicious thing she 'd ever tasted .
he would n't change a thing about her , except the pain in her past and her evasive tendencies in the present .
i felt the tears prickle at the edge of my eyes , and i knew they were going to fall , and he was going to see them , and there was n't a damn thing i could do to stop it .
you 're the closest thing i have to a sister .
she was a cute little thing . ''
but this whole magic thing ...
the only thing that kept magic people marginally safe were the facts that the powers were usually fairly tame , and they could n't be stolen .
` ` is there such a thing as magical rape ? ''
of course , he would know the one thing that would mean more to me than anything else in that place ; my magic square , my beautiful illusion .
` ` i ' m still not sure i understand the whole hierarchy thing , though .
you wo n't feel a thing , pet .
it was just another thing to learn .
it was such a small thing , and mam did love it so much .
' i never knew any one thing about my mother except that she spoke italian and left me wrapped up at the door of an orphanage nearly sixty years ago .
the friends of the library welcome all those who do n't know a thing about computers but want to learn .
did n't know a thing about sailing , either .
my lies were convincing ; no one suspected a thing .
` ` that 's just the thing !
arabella could n't imagine what sebastian 's aunt was angling for by even suggesting such a thing .
so far she had n't found a single thing about the man that she did n't like , not even that hint of danger she kept sensing .
she asked , realizing she had fallen halfway in love with the man and did n't know a thing about him .
one thing did n't make sense , chance thought .
` ` today you are n't going to do a damn thing .
` ` you do n't have to admit to a damned thing , '' he said .
apparently she 'd forgotten that men and women did that sort of thing .
` ` but i could n't eat a thing . ''
` ` in fact , i can barely see a thing .
he could n't see a thing , but slowly moved his foot , feeling his way over the silty floor .
his wife , a wispy little thing twenty years younger than he , went through six miscarriages before jamie was born , and in the end she died in childbirth , making hegbert a widower who had to raise a daughter on his own .
even though she was a teenager and had been for four years , jamie did n't know the first thing about teenagers , and trying to understand teenage boys for her was like trying to decipher the theory of relativity .
` ` you do n't miss a thing , do you ? ''
my grandmother had died when i was three , and i do n't remember a single thing about her or the services that had followed or even the next few years after her passing .
it was n't an act - he really could n't hear a single thing , and there 'd been times when we were kids that we 'd been able to sneak off with a cinnamon roll because of it .
not that she 'd admit a thing to him .
i can only pray to god that i never inherit a damn thing from you . ''
fear seized him and he discarded every single thing he knew about caution and he ran .
he knew it was a precious thing indeed .
i guess part of me figured he 'd want to discuss the whole relationship - status thing again , but maybe he knew it would n't get us anywhere .
bennett : see , that 's just the thing .
watching him get his release was a thing of pure beauty .
you wanted it all , but you lost a little thing called love .
there 's no such thing as a preventing trouble .
now y' all have n't heard a damn thing about the place then !
we were on giddings , and the snow made it so quiet , i could n't hear a thing in the world but you .
` ` but a wedding with guests and this whole thing about wearing a fancy wedding dress is ridiculous !
` ` it was such a little thing and so very sweet , so much like louis .
he heard it in her voice , felt it as clearly as if it were a tangible thing .
your sister would n't tell me a thing .
` ` not a thing , '' jo ann said .
this was the very thing she 'd come to fear with tony - this total giving of herself .
but the truth was , there was n't a damn thing that could be done for her right now .
it was a quiet thing , ice - cold more often than not ; the last tiny piece you found when you thought that everything was gone .
sometimes whole minutes would go by and he would n't notice a thing until somebody smacked him on the back or yelled at him or something .
for the next few miles , dad did n't say a thing .
but it was just a silly old dream , and it did n't mean a thing .
liam wanted to say of course , but in the last weeks , he 'd learned a thing or two about his children and himself .
this is a hard thing for a little boy to understand . ''
` ` faith is an amazing thing , '' chet surprised her by saying .
she could n't see a blasted thing , let alone attempt to drive .
she was such a pretty thing , he could well understand his son falling for her .
this was remedial stuff , but exactly the kind of thing shirley would ask her if their situations were reversed .
nothing against annie , but joe 's wife - to - be had a thing or two to learn about cooking .
not only is it the most beautiful piece of jewelry i own , but it was the only thing i had of you . ''
` ` not a thing , '' shirley said , eager for him to be on his way .
in fact , the whole time i was with him , i had the feeling there was n't a single person in this world who meant a damn thing to him .
` ` i ' ve been hearing good things about your landscapes .
` ` not a thing , '' she returned testily .
she had me convinced that money did n't mean a thing to her - and now this . ''
of course , peter could be wondering the same thing about her .
i did n't have a thing to do with that .
the thing that troubles me most is this dog .
` ` i ' ve discovered the same thing , '' shirley said , joining them .
did i sound properly offended he 'd imply such a thing ?
by far , it was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever heard .
he knew nothing about infants , and the only thing he was certain about was that they were supposed to be with their mothers .
` ` i alluded to no such thing ! ''
` ` you 're still going to marry him , '' he said as if it was the most absurd thing he could think of .
in fact , mr . neville had pointed out the exact same thing .
jennifer to beth > > you know ... it , the thing that tells you you 're not pregnant .
jennifer to beth > > yeah , that 's the thing ... beth to jennifer > > what 's the thing ?
money is a cruel thing .
i also knew that music was pretty much the only thing in life that he felt was worth the hassle .
miss kia benton obviously knows a thing or two about getting ' personal . ' ''
she had then gone out and gotten rotten drunk at a friend 's party , learning the hard way that drinking did n't solve a thing .
` ` of course i do n't mind , '' she said , and before kia could do a thing about it , brant was holding the back door open for serena and she had slid onto the backseat .
but her uncertainty did n't change a thing .
and it was that very thing that made her admit he had a deep sense of personal integrity , unlike her father .
yet here he was showing that very thing .
her reaction was just a simple thing , but it told him she was no longer used to being in a man 's arms like this .
` ` the only thing i want from danielle is for her to marry me , '' he said , his hand tightening when she froze , silently telling her to remain quiet .
then some things fell into place for danielle .
not that it was anyone 's business , and certainly damien would never find the need to explain such a thing to anyone .
about the only other thing she knew about him was that he did n't have any brothers or sisters , and even getting that out of him had been like asking for state secrets .
even though he 'd suspected , it was a different thing knowing for sure .
` ` but as far as i can see he does n't remember a thing .
just because they were now in aspen at the jarrod manor and she was using the desk in his late father 's office did n't change a thing .
` ` it 's this whole asian fusion thing .
he 'd known he would n't have to do a thing except tell his father she had refused his offer .
` ` the best thing that came out of our marriage was you , nick . ''
victoria had surmised that the only thing keeping connor from placing harper - north - and paul harper - into receivership must be his intent to squeeze every cent he could out of paul harper .
` ` victoria , you 're suzy 's oldest friend , and connor 's the closest thing i ' ve got to a brother .
and there 's not a thing you can do about it . ''
if he decided to leave it in tact , the first thing to go would be the name .
you 're a big boy and it 's time you got a desk and new dresser and other things that fit you better , '' derek said , not able to deny his son a single thing .
the next thing she remembered was the throbbing headache .
it was the best thing she 'd ever tasted .
the only thing stopping him from sinking deep inside her heat was a tiny scrap of silk .
he was trying to do everything to make sure she and her sister were comfortable and she did n't appreciate a damn thing .
he 'd insisted on doing most of the work himself and would n't let her pay for a thing .
already i ca n't deny you a thing . ''
` ` i do n't like that sort of thing . ''
had the whole white dress and presentation thing .
it was yet another thing he did n't fully share with me .
it hurt me to deny him , knowing he needed the same thing from me as i 'd needed from him when i told him about nathan - proof that the desire was still there , that as ugly as the scars of our pasts were , they did n't affect what we were to each other now .
the next thing i felt was the cold window against my ass , and i groaned at the intense contrasts in temperature between it and my skin .
i hardly remembered a thing from that morning 's meeting , and i , of all people , knew that was n't a very good way to do business .
she was silky and warm and her legs found their way over my shoulders , down my back , closing around me until the only thing i could hear was the muffled sound of her pleas , the rustle of sheets beneath her as she moved up into me .
because it 's the only thing in this entire place that makes any sense ? ''
and although most of the time i gave him endless shit about it , it was a pretty amazing thing to behold .
my love for her was a heavy , pulsing , living thing , and it made me feel crazy , and anxious , and famished .
` ` i know you probably do n't think i know a thing about your problems , but i ' ve seen my share of shit go down around me in the last few years .
` ` back when the whole deal with chelsea went down he barely said a thing , only called us a bunch of weirdos once , but ever since we hooked up he has n't shut up about how rough i ' m with you , that i ' m pushing you too much , that he ca n't watch me do all that to you .
she picks up on the second ring , and the first thing i hear is her shouting , rather loudly , at emmett to please kill the sound of the playstation .
` ` you know , i do n't think i 'll ever quite understand this whole total power exchange , 24/7 thing .
i know she does n't regret a thing - and i ' m surprised to realize , neither do i .
i ' m sure edward will enjoy teaching you a thing or two if you want that and letting you be his sidekick , but i could never see you as my dom .
might even say you owe me the real thing now . ''
` ` but right now playing is the farthest thing from my mind , so if you will allow me , i 'll just let it slide , this once . ''
sadly she had still been with mike then , and the only thing blue i had come in contact with had been my balls .
as accepting as my mother is , he has always felt like any of my actions reflect back on him badly , and being one of the youngest doctors in the history of our state does n't do a thing to counteract the oh so obvious flaws adhering to me .
` ` but , you know , my brief venture into topping has n't worked out all that well , with the whole lack of observation thing .
` ` i told you before , i ' m not into it for the pain , i like the whole power exchange thing way more .
she follows my instructions quickly and to the letter , with minimal fumbling around the furniture with her fingers as she still ca n't see a thing .
guess it serves me right that he 's already threatened to teach our future offspring every stupid thing he can think of ? ''
will got this really intense expression , like everything he was about to tell you was the most fascinating thing he 'd ever heard .
i could n't see a thing , but each time he moved deeply and i felt the soft hair against my face , i wanted to suck as hard as i could so that when he pulled back i would wring as much pleasure out of this moment as i could for him .
the last thing i see before everything turns black is the astonished look on madison 's face , backlit by the red - and - orange glow of the taxi fire .
he 's the closest thing to family that we have now .
but even more telling than my runaway thoughts is one interesting thing .
i know i ' m in shock because i do n't feel anything , not a thing , even though i am covered in blood .
` ` what is the second thing ? ''
the only thing i know is that i ca n't hurt madison again and this was the only way i knew to protect her .
the last thing that fills my mind before i sleep is a color .
the next thing i ' m aware of is jacey thrusting herself in the middle of us , catching me mid - punch .
a boy 's imagination is as good as the real thing , often times better .
the only thing that matters is what should n't .
that , in combination with this whole brand thing , is enough to just pull the f**king plug and get it over with .
something about the vibrator itself , combined with the fact that i ' m in public - in front of one of the biggest actresses in the world and a team of flight attendants - makes this whole thing exhilarating .
` ` and another thing , '' she says before she stops , her eyes widening .
' well , there 's just one thing i have ... ' jesse 's phone starts ringing , halting my announcement .
i plaster on a non - jealous , unaffected face , if there is such a thing .
the only thing that would have made it any better was a possible paternity issue .
` ` it 's okay ; there is a privacy glass so mike wo n't be able to hear or see a thing . ''
she could always find one tiny thing that made the dress less than perfect .
for more nights than he wanted to count , it had been his strength , the only thing holding him together ; the first thing he remembered in the morning and the last thing on his mind when he fell asleep .
you getting married and this whole vow of celibacy thing has really messed with my head . ''
i do n't know a damn thing about kids .
she knew it was irrational to be so against asking for even the smallest thing but the more mark did for her and trevor , the more she was afraid of losing it all .
the two men looked at him quizzically , as if they could n't figure out why he 'd ask such a thing .
` ` the last thing i remember is getting off work and then going for a walk .
it was the best thing she could ever remember tasting .
she was sure he did n't miss a thing .
she could n't remember a thing about her life , but it did n't matter .
he loved his wife and would n't change a thing between them .
looking back , i had barely said anything about her to joseph , so he did n't really know , but to me he 'd just stolen the only thing i 'd asked to keep for myself . ''
then , i was so entranced by the show , food was the farthest thing from my mind .
i knew a thing or two about it , and i understood the general premise , but i highly doubted i could look as appealing as the women in some of the photographs i 'd seen before .
everything , i thought , except for the first thing .
the only thing of some interest was logs of her aol instant messenger conversations , but even that was so wildly random and confusing that i could n't make much sense of it .
he could n't explain a thing about his reactions to her .
did n't change a thing where he was concerned .
blind faith was a powerful thing .
` ` you do n't miss a thing , '' julia said , letting the grin run over her face .
i daresay your alewife could teach ours a thing or two , '' william agreed , and hethe 's startled gaze swung to his first .
no doubt lady tiernay 's alewife could teach ours a thing or two . ''
the next thing she came up with was some rancid cooked meat .
helen was such a lovely thing - eyes sparkling , lips curving , just for him !
it seemed obvious that she could n't see a damn thing .
i fear this light does not do a thing for you . ''
technology was a beautiful thing .
but , if everything was going to hell in a few months , the investment would n't hurt a thing .
( i know that whole xxoo thing is dopey , but it seemed more refined than signing off with : i wish you could come over and do me .
he thought , privacy is a wonderful thing .
he was about to move in with a woman for the first time , and he did n't know a thing about women .
what about the prints on the book ; any thing ? ''
the only thing that looked remotely nautical to tommy was the chrome wheel at the front of the bridge .
she wished he was ; then perhaps there 'd be some recourse , but there was n't a damn thing she could do except join the others in a lawsuit .
my sister was about to lose her home and i could n't do a thing to help .
` ` his whole life , dad never asked a single thing of me . ''
` ` i could n't find a thing . ''
opening the door , she looked both ways and did n't recognize a thing .
` ` the last thing i remember was you telling me jacqueline and reese had decided to hold the reception at their country club . ''
` ` your sources ... '' ` ` i could n't get a thing out of them , '' she muttered , shaking her head as if to say it was a sad state of affairs when the government did n't trust her with its business .
` ` i ' ve learned a thing or two in the last sixty - odd years , '' lillie was saying , ` ` and i ' m not as impressed with riches or connections as i once was .
my pain and anger are n't going to change a thing , are they ? ''
` ` that child is the only good thing i have in my life , '' dolores whispered brokenly .
she 'd loved him , but in some ways barbie thought his death might have been a release for her mother - although she 'd never so much as hint at such a thing .
the first thing she saw inside was a multitude of family pictures .
` ` children do that sort of thing , '' her mother said , confirming her suspicion .
the f irst thing i noticed was how small casey was for her age .
` ` i 'll do it f irst thing in the morning . ''
to anyone else it might seem a little thing , but to me , at this stage of grieving , it was major .
funny how a little thing like that could help her emotionally , but it had .
his son had n't asked a single thing of him from the moment grant walked out of the house .
` ` i plan to , but living here on my own wo n't mean a thing if you are n't with me . ''
i like to know every little thing about my quarry . ''
i might not be the flowers and chocolate type , but crumpled paper and dusty books did n't do a thing for me .
she certainly was a nasty little thing , but i 'd figured that out a long time ago .
travis had n't said a thing , though .
` ` i have n't heard a thing about this .
that 's the only thing i ' ve ever wanted from you is trust .
` ` you 're right , i would n't have recognized a thing .
` ` we have n't changed a thing . ''
he could n't tell whether she did n't remember a thing , or was keeping whatever she felt tucked deep .
` ` we found one more thing in beck 's backpack .
or , even better , he 'd put it on the wall opposite his bed so it would be the first thing he saw when he woke up in the morning and the last thing he saw before he went to sleep at night .
also know it did n't mean a damn thing .
josie would absolutely heed ash 's authority , but he 'd give her all the things michael had never given her .
he did n't miss a thing and his eyes narrowed as he looked at her and then over to bethany and mia as if he thought they 'd done something to upset her .
the only thing he seemed annoyed about at all was that she 'd run into michael .
` ` i have the real thing .
she 'd do what they said , because she had no choice , but their ` ` word '' did n't mean a thing .
his expression was so controlled she could n't read a thing from it .
chapter two she was a feisty little thing , all right .
despite the sass and attitude that somehow made her seem bigger than she was , she was a slender , petite little thing .
` ` sassy little thing , are n't you ?
but neither had she expected to be kidnapped , dragged through the woods , shot at by goons , or to lose her best friend , the woman she considered to be the closest thing she had to a mother .
chapter sixteen pagan the first thing i saw through the tinted windows of the limo was twinkling white lights .
the whole just - appearing - in - places thing was a lesson that dank had yet to teach me .
it was the only thing that could explain how quickly he 'd remarried .
as it happened , she could n't give allison the most fundamental thing of all .
funny how a little thing like a letter could throw her for a loop .
` ` i can give you all the things you deserve in life , but we 're both aware that there 's one thing i ca n't give you . ''
she laughed ; there was n't a thing mysterious about her - certainly not her growing attraction to him .
the only thing her ex - husband had ever given her - besides trouble - was his name .
` ` but , mom , you do n't need to do a thing . ''
pride is a fine thing , but it only carries you so far - and i ' ve reached my limit .
` ` not a thing , '' corrie told her , resuming her cooking .
` ` including the name book , but the only thing i learned from that is how hard it is to make a decision .
i swear he does n't know a thing . ''
she did n't want a thing from him .
` ` the only thing i need from you , '' joni said , then paused to gather her composure .
the one thing olivia hated above all else was secrets , a lesson he 'd learned early on in their relationship when he 'd tried to hide the fact that he was a recovering alcoholic .
charlotte 's friends chatted on the ride home , but her head was buzzing and she scarcely heard a thing they said .
but the first two times , the only thing i could hear was static .
` ` well , for one thing , i know what it is to have the person you love get involved with someone else .
` ` jon , i do n't require a thing from you .
her flirting skills had rusted from lack of use , although she was confident janice lamond could teach her a thing or two .
he later recovered , but at the time jack had believed his only child was dying and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it , except drink and work .
this was romantic , and romance was the last thing she expected from jack griffin .
` ` allison 's learned a thing or two about helping out in the kitchen , '' zach said .
there was n't a single thing olivia could n't share with her .
bob took offense at the slightest thing ; the milk incident was a good example .
` ` dad wo n't tell me a thing , '' lisa said as soon as they 'd unwrapped their sandwiches .
someone who was expert at a game she did n't know the first thing about ?
he did n't understand this thing about women and shopping .
troy , however , could n't remember a single thing about the view ; what he did remember was kissing faith .
judging by the things he wanted to know about the gallery , the local artists and the sales when she was manager , will jefferson would do an excellent job - if he bought the place .
no one saw or heard a thing . ''
` ` what 's this thing my sister has for you ? ''
` ` there is no such thing as perfect , tessa . ''
to lose your parabatai - it is no small thing .
` ` and cecy , '' he said softly , ` ` before i go , i wish to give you one more thing . ''
in this sort of situation the first thing you wanted to know was where you were going .
` ` tessa is not a thing , '' charlotte said .
the first thing she saw was pale , slim hands withdrawing a vial - the coldness in her mouth , the bitter taste on her tongue - and then the contours of her bedroom at the institute .
` ` eighty - nine years , and i never forget a thing .
` ` see , that 's the thing , miss- '' ` ` oh , god , has she gone already ?
` ` to be friends is a beautiful thing , tessa , and i do not scorn it , but i have hoped for a long time now that we might be more than friends .
` ` there 's just one other thing ... '' ` ` what is it , sophie ? ''
they have this odd thing about me being single right now . ''
now all she had to do was convince herself that dillon 's happiness was actually the reason she would hide such a thing .
my mother was dying and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
` ` i 'll find plenty of reasons to spank that pretty ass , none of which have a damn thing to do with punishment .
no one knows a damn thing about him .
i called your name three times and i could n't hear a damn thing going on behind the door .
` ` there 's not a damn thing you can do to stop me , '' she said calmly .
a bullet wound is no small thing so do n't treat it as such . ''
as lily looked around the living room , it occurred to michael that she had n't eaten a damn thing today .
michael 's body was a thing of beauty .
i would n't change a thing about our family . ''
she froze in the process of getting onto the barstool and stared at the other woman , but holly continued on as if what she 'd said was the most natural thing in the world .
sometimes babies die and there 's not a damn thing you can do about it .
` ` i ' m hungry , '' she announced , realizing she had n't eaten a thing since the day before .
` ` not a thing , '' she said sweetly .
cold showers did n't do a thing for his hunger .
` ` ah , i think i ' m beginning to understand the fiancee thing more now . ''
i want you to be on your toes tomorrow ; if even one tiny thing looks unusual , i want to know about it .
the only thing he knew about nuns was that line ` ` get thee to a nunnery , '' which told him exactly nothing .
light was a wonderful thing .
she was both furious and devastated , because if he 'd bothered to pick up the phone and call , she 'd have mailed the damn thing to him .
by the time twilight came and they switched back to the thermals , he 'd be in their front yard , practically under their noses , and they would n't know a thing until it was too late .
` ` and in de army , they tested us regular for every old thing .
the very idea should make me laugh , but after what i 'd seen since coming to the crescent city , laughing was the furthest thing from my mind .
` ` i can see why the catholic church was so snarky about the whole voodoo thing .
` ` this goddess - of - the - moon thing might help . ''
it was just this value - x thing .
poor carrie was about to be hit with a second shock , but there was n't a damn thing he could do to prevent it .
` ` i do n't know a damn thing about running a feed store , '' he said , meeting the other men 's eyes .
it was n't the solid thing that had always pointed him to true north .
it was the best of both worlds , the rarest thing the vampire had ever tasted .
i heard things no man could hear , saw worlds beyond imagination , caught the scent of wolves that could n't be real , heard them , too , like a ghostly pack circling through the sky .
salinas would n't blink at having her killed if the least thing made him suspicious of her .
crying did n't help a damn thing .
` ` i was just checking on you , '' he said , keeping his voice low and trying to sound matter - of - fact , as if he did that sort of thing all the time .
maybe he wanted to know where the assassin lived , no more than that , on the theory that there was no such thing as too much information .
there was n't a damn thing he could prove , even if he 'd been so inclined , and he was n't .
` ` i ' m just ... not used to that kind of thing . ''
technology is a wonderful thing , but i think perhaps nothing is so good as a person to teach you a language .
i ' m not sure i want to go back , for one thing .
a niggling voice , small but insistent , says if i run , i could be giving up the best thing that ever happened to me .
but then , my fear is a potent thing .
the short combat nap he 'd taken had helped clear his head , but it had n't done a thing to ease the burning grit in his eyes .
it was the only thing that made any sense at all .
they were the first thing she 'd seen when she 'd opened her eyes in the hospital and knew she was going to live .
peggy 's office was a chaotic mess , but lana did n't feel the need to say a thing .
even if the swarm had somehow survived and was stil operating , the only thing they 'd want is lana 's death - proof that no one could escape their grasp .
he did n't know the first thing about charity auctions , but he knew plenty about organizing men toward a common goal .
` ` i would n't know the first thing about setting up a carnival . ''
the only thing he could make out was that the book had a spiral binding .
i was right there the whole time and i could n't do a damn thing . ''
she knew that did n't mean a damn thing , though .
there was n't any one thing that alarmed him , just this impression that she was terrified .
` ` the last thing i remember was coming here this morning to talk to lana .
he 'd walk away again with her half in love with him , and she would n't be able to do a thing about it .
i was expecting some tiny little frail thing .
no one was going to see a thing , and he 'd have plenty of room to work .
even with the bruises , she was the most precious , beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
we shared lunch , and that was the only thing she had that i did n't . ''
his heart ached for the man , but like with isabelle , he was helpless to do a damn thing to make it better .
that was not the kind of thing a man forgot easily .
this was n't her room at d'aumesbery was the only thing rattling through her poor , sleep - muddled brain , but then she shifted on the bed and gasped as pain radiated through her hips , and she recalled the events of the last few days .
clucking her tongue impatiently , evelinde shifted from one foot to the other , wishing she 'd asked biddy a thing or two while the woman had been helping her with her bath .
she taught me a thing or two just to make me let her be ... and because she did n't have a choice since i was her lady , '' she added wryly .
the only thing evelinde could think was that the girl had hoped her lover , whoever he was , would marry her and save her from the campbell .
when he then gave the bolt still in the wall a tug , it came out easily and equally silently , which explained why she had n't heard a thing .
she really appeared to be a proper little thing .
she had n't visited as often then as she had when his mother was alive , but she had visited a couple of times while jenny was at donnachaidh and might have picked up on a thing or two .
with my appetite suddenly a thing of the past , i leave the tray sitting on my dresser .
as i fold the receipt into tiny , even squares , though , the only thing i feel is a sharp pang in the middle of my chest .
he 'll take everything and wo n't give a damn thing in return .
you ripped into me without knowing a goddamn thing about what was going on .
i ca n't do a damned thing right now , including dress myself .
she could sit there all night thinking of plausible and implausible explanations , but they would n't change a thing .
` ` if anyone asks , i do n't know a thing . ''
he had n't felt a thing while he 'd been making love to rachel ; his senses had been centered completely on her and the unbearable ecstasy of their bodies linked together .
i ca n't see a damned thing here . ''
no one would hear a thing if she decided to turn back .
but he would n't say a thing , ever .
sort of the secret - deadly - killer kind of thing .
for a tiny thing , she was formidable .
she smelled like peaches and flowers and all things soft and beautiful .
he could hardly disclose the one thing that would stop his family from matchmaking him with avery .
` ` well , he never told me a damn ... danged thing about you , '' he stammered .
he 'd tried for the past couple of days to work on the plans for the sheik 's stable , but had n't accomplished a damned thing .
not only that , but trevor was willing to take her in , too , as the child 's aunt , guardian and the closest thing bradley had to a mother .
the first thing she saw was flowers - a gigantic bouquet of soft pink lilies and roses filling nearly the entire space of the open door .
and none of it meant a damn thing because his daughter was dying and he was powerless to prevent it .
her fear was a tangible , living thing .
you may have joined up with captain america and crew , but it does n't change a goddamn thing about who you were and where you came from .
but the other thing you need to know is that kgi does n't lose .
' romeo and juliet are just two rich kids who ' ve always gotten every little thing they wanted .
why did she have to make every little thing so hard ?
he stared at her without giving up a thing .
and her skin was apparently covered with super - powered nerve endings that had n't done a damn thing her whole life , but came alive like ice and fire and bee stings as soon as park touched her .
there 's no such thing as happily ever after .
i ' ve picked up a thing or two . ''
10 the first thing i saw when i woke up sunday morning was an amber bottle labeled hangover cure in an old - fashioned font .
` ` i have n't forgotten one thing about you , eva .
what we ' ve got together ... that 's the only thing that 's real .
how are you doing , little thing ?
chapter nine ` ` it does n't look a thing like our gym !
` ` bossy little thing , are n't you ?
maybe it was the guards letting him make calls for favors , or maybe he had a fellow prisoner helping him out , but we both knew there was n't a damn thing i could do to stop him .
he 's not getting a damn thing from me . ''
but one thing was for certain .
maybe that 's the thing i 'd been missing about love .
luce smiled , glad penn was more focused on having a friend to explore with than she was on , well , this ... thing luce had for daniel .
she had n't been able to do a thing to help him .
and then there was that other thing , the levitating force that had set her free .
here she was , on top of him , and she 'd just pulged her deepest secret , the thing that really defined her as a lunatic .
` ` yet another thing i would n't understand . ''
` ` there 's no manual for how to explain this ... thing to the girl you love , '' he pleaded , brushing her hair with his fingers .
but the fresh mention of there being such a thing as a ` ` last few minutes together , '' of his leaving her alone for reasons she could n't understand and that he always refused to explain -- it made luce nervous , then terri ed , then frustrated all over again .
this morning was the rst in at least a month of vivid , complicated , daniel - ridden dreams on which luce had woken up unable to remember a single thing from her sleep .
her laugh was a gru , gravelly thing , the kind of chortle luce would have expected from an old man , a lifetime smoker , not a teenage yoga enthusiast .
` ` no way -- the fact that you 're mortal makes the whole thing even more impressive . ''
he had n't said a thing about her hair ; it almost seemed as if he had n't noticed it .
luce had agreed to help , but she had n't done a thing .
she could n't see a thing , just grasped everywhere she could , hoping to reach dawn before it was too late .
his mouth was moving , but luce could n't hear a thing .
she had been innocent , powerless ; she did n't understand a thing about what was going to happen .
the only thing it did n't explain was why there seemed to be some question in arriane 's mind about which side the scales would tip onto .
was it the brown shadow , the ugly thing that showed her an even uglier thing ?
neither meant a thing to daniel .
the next thing she remembered was mr . cole rushing her to the airport to catch her flight to california .
` ` do you think one of these books might contain the desired thing we 're looking for ? ''
so choosing now would n't mean a thing , not until this nine - day glitch is fixed .
the thing you called love made me disappear .
sleep is such a beautiful thing . ''
` ` you ' ve been a father for sixteen years , and you still do n't understand a thing about children . ''
` ` there 's no such thing as a brawling ring , '' kerry said .
she knew that pound was a co - ed dorm ... . is there such a thing as co - ed rooms ?
` ` she did n't even mention the g*y thing , '' cath said .
hey , do you think there 's such a thing as outsiders fanfiction ? ''
about the magic third thing that lived between them when they were working together .
he does n't really get the whole fanfiction thing .
hours later , the house lay in tatters , and the only interesting thing they 'd found was ten thousand dollars in a metal box in the basement .
the only interesting thing i found was a ten thousand - dollar wire transfer from diandra sinclair 's personal account to an account in the cayman islands . ''
` ` so , nick said darren tabor spilled the whole thing to you . ''
` ` this is definitely the greatest thing i ' ve ever had , '' he told her , taking another voracious bite .
` ` i do n't regret a single thing about the way you raised me , jace .
and until you realize that it does n't change a goddamn thing for me , it 'll eat at you .
` ` the first thing you have to understand is that ash and i ... '' he broke off .
as if my life would mean a goddamn thing if you were n't in it .
the only thing missing was ... ash .
` ` then you better say soon or you 're going to have an ass full of my cum and there wo n't be a damn thing you can do about it . ''
i 'll make damn sure she always has whatever she needs , but maybe the biggest thing she does n't need is ...
` ` baby , i do n't get this whole thing .
at her questioning look he added , ` ` the whole ice cream on the boardwalk thing .
formality was a thing of the past with them .
she hid the package and indicator back in her purse - the extraordinary thing mixed in the ordinary debris of her life - and took a long hot shower .
she knew tully was feeling it , too , this thing they tried so hard to forget : their shared knowledge of john ryan .
tully gave her a bright smile , but it was n't the real thing .
` ` i never said a thing about his dick . ''
i did n't miss a thing with my family .
` ` tully knows a thing or two about heartbreak , do n't forget .
` ` runnin ' away does n't change a thing , '' bud said gruffly .
this view did n't change a thing .
you never said a thing .
you dead people do n't miss a thing . ''
hope was such a dangerous thing , so ephemeral and amorphous ; it did n't fit in the concrete world of words spoken aloud .
the first thing she pulled out was a small magilla gorilla t - shirt ; at its touch , she felt slammed by a memory .
the next thing she pulled out was a large , flat photo - type album , its plastic cover dotted with blue forget - me - nots and a pioneer - type girl .
she was a looker , no doubt , but she did n't do a damn thing for steele .
` ` ca n't feel a damn thing at the moment and my ears are ringing like a son of a bitch . ''
he wanted her to wake up and for the first thing she saw to be him sitting there at her bedside , and to know that he loved her .
she tried to cover her weakness , but the way he was staring at her with unblinking intensity made it seem impossible that he 'd miss a thing .
sorry to break this to you after all the trouble you went to for the whole mind - meld thing , but i still do n't know what you need . ''
she 's so giving and has n't one asked for a thing .
the only thing omarr wants is for me to suffer .
it 's the best thing i ' ve ever tasted apart from tina 's mouth .
i ' m sure it 's uncomfortable but he does n't say a thing .
chapter twenty - five for the greater good the first thing i wake to this morning is my phone chiming .
i ' ve had the real thing , and i know how good it is .
my cheeky little thing . ''
i explain in a rush , ` ` you know i kind of realized that you ' ve not come to my rescue just once , but twice now , and i have n't said a damn thing to you about it . ''
he holds my questioning stare but does n't say a thing .
lola does n't say a thing .
neither of us says a thing for a few moments .
when i say it went perfectly , i mean when asher and i re - emerged from our sex den , all we had to do was call each other a few choice names while giving each other dirty looks and no one suspected a thing .
asher does n't say a thing for a long while .
after a while of thinking about every random thing my brain could possibly present to me , i turn my head to the side and whisper , ` ` do n't let me fall asleep , okay ? ''
she does n't say a thing for a long time .
everyone talks about love like it 's this f**king magical thing .
not that she needs it , but the store 's interest is growing and even though she has n't said a thing , i ' m sure she 's thinking of opening a second store .
something in my body takes over and i do n't feel a thing anymore .
* * * as soon as we enter the club , it 's time to commence mission no one suspects a thing .
he does n't need to say a thing .
i know he would do anything for me , but right now , no one can do a thing for me .
i suddenly had a good idea of where he might have picked up that kind of thing .
` ` the whole profound zen crap thing .
` ` thanks for the eye ... um , thing , but if you do n't mind ... '' my mother stared at me in surprise , her features open and confused .
` ` and i do n't like that dream thing , either . ''
cheeks flushed , eyes blazing , lips swollen - she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
did n't she get this whole relationship thing ?
` ` he really does n't understand the whole nurture - the - client - relationship thing . ''
the only thing i have of value is my heart .
it was a glorious thing for him to see and hear .
you would n't have to do a thing . ''
she would n't say it aloud , because she would n't mention such a thing to paul .
he could have learned a thing or two from you about how to deal with heartbreak . ''
but do you know what the sickest thing is ?
when she spoke of how she would visit the uffizi on an almost daily basis to gaze at botticelli 's masterpieces , he wondered if there really was such a thing as destiny .
i ca n't seem to remember a damn thing .
and there 's one more thing , but you must promise to keep it secret .
` ` i never got the whole bathtub - sex thing . ''
he was n't hearing a damn thing except the pulse pounding in his ears .
the girl was a pretty thing with soft brown curls and passion - flushed cheeks .
staring out the window at the starry night , maria blinked and held her breath , wondering why he would reveal such a thing to her .
it was such a simple thing , those fleeting glances , yet they said so much to the men who risked their lives in service to him .
` ` the only thing you need to know about me , '' he said in a rasp , ` ` is that there are those who want me dead . ''
` ` that 's the only thing walt lets you write ? ''
` ` and another thing ... '' she muttered .
` ` that does n't explain a damn thing , '' samuel simpson boomed .
i was industriously working through this creamy little thing i 'd been presented with .
the last thing i remember before succumbing to sleep was jake 's voice , somewhere close , soothing words washing over me , his warm scent even closer , comforting in the dark .
` ` well , yeah , i might know a thing or two about that ... '' i took another mouthful from my bottle to shut myself up .
so it had all come down to the same thing after all .
she did n't know a thing about sailing , so there she was on the boat , screaming , and we were swimming like mad , trying to catch up to her . ''
` ` it 's the only thing that makes any sense to me . ''
` ` i ' m going to have to search for more things like this- '' he held up the filigreed triangle , ` ` - using a book written when the landscape was totally different than the way it is now .
having remington as a brother - in - law had taught him a thing or two about appearances , and he 'd use what he 'd learned to search the walls on either side of the fireplace .
she 'd spent three years attempting to puzzle out the cryptic thing and had very little to show for her efforts .
` ` it seems the young buck has robbed you of the only thing you had to offer a potential husband . ''
this was in truth the last thing that he had expected to discover .
and it wo n't have a damn thing to do with anything but the fact that i want to be inside of you more than i want to breathe . ''
not a thing that can be done anyhow . ''
the thing that bothered me the most was the swastika - marked rune atop her work - table .
she 'd grown to dread such a thing as a mattress , for as long as she was on the hard floor with the thin mat she slept on , she was safe from his attentions .
` ` well , that 's the thing , '' brodie hedged .
he 'd not demand a single thing she was unwilling to give .
` ` the very last thing eveline needs to learn is how to shoot a bow , '' graeme said .
a lucent thing .
` ` she is so strung out she will not feel a thing .
that is the thing that scares me the most , i realize .
few people expect them , and you can be in your vehicle and gone before anyone ever knows a thing .
and there it was : the thing she 'd asked for .
` ` these are details , though , and not the thing that matters most . ''
but there 's this fear in me lately , a terrible , frightening thing , like a bird flapping to get out of my chest .
lulu , i ca n't wait to hear every little thing about your first day of school .
she did n't curse again , did n't say a thing about her pain .
` ` is this the whole frenemies thing ? ''
it would only upset him and cause him to pity her , and pity was the last thing she wanted from him , of all people .
lady fenton was the picture of elegance and grace , to envision her holding her grandson 's frog was the most amusing thing he had heard in ages .
no , the only thing men worried about was money .
the only thing he had to offer society was his rakish reputation and his title .
the only thing that seemed to be wounded was her pride and her backside , not that she could check for damages considering her skirts had flown over her head .
` ` i think you have forgotten one tiny little thing . ''
but she did n't want to miss a thing .
i think it might be the very thing to get her to admit her feelings .
trust was a thing of the past , if it had ever been there in the first place .
artemisia would set james shipwash on the hunt first thing monday morning .
he was a round , stubborn little thing , but i loved him dearly . ''
` ` a round , stubborn little thing , eh ?
` ` well , mandenauer does n't know every damn thing . ''
i could n't bring myself to read the whole thing from top to bottom , but the words that jumped out at me were bad enough : ... disheveled and disgruntled , refusing to wake mr . thorne for a comment on the current events .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about what rich people do . ''
` ` i knew that the one hot commodity - the one thing that every artist wanted , was a connection with a gallery owner .
i remembered the journalist , and how he 'd alluded to this very thing .
the whole thing had me unreasonably excited .
` ` there 's this thing about the judge .
` ` the thing is , maddy , the thing is ... '' there was a moment 's hesitation .
i had n't gotten a single thing written for the autobiography , except for a few pages of scattered notes .
that 's all things i never though i 'd have , but none of it changes the fact that if you 'd never left in the first place , we would n't be going through this at all . ''
` ` you should know better than to even suggest such a thing .
` ` that 's not the same thing , is it , mariah ? ''
it was n't the same thing at all .
` ` she never mentioned any thing about a deficiency .
the first thing she saw was the hole mad dog and jake had dug last night .
but he did n't do a thing , did n't move .
the only thing i ever see when i try to think on it is a bunch of vague whiteness .
` ` you did n't forget a thing .
` ` the psychic thing , yes . ''
the only thing you can offer me in return for their pain is your agony .
it was the most erotic thing she could have ever imagined , and never could she have thought that something so course and basic could have excited her beyond measure , but loving her husband in this fashion drove her as wild as it did him .
she still had n't said a thing about her mother or even mentioned going home .
at lastvaloreehadsuggested he fix it up in nautical knots - she did n't know the first thing about style or fashion , and reallycouldn'tcare less , anyway - andafter half anhour ofhis tugging at her hair and swearing , she had suggested he try somethinghe knew .
you would not likesuch a thing . ''
not that she even could haveif she had wanted to.she had no skills inthatarea - did n't know the first thing aboutit , and did n't want to .
it was theonly thing she had left in her life .
she did n't say a thing .
` ` innocent faith is such a wonderful thing , '' she murmured .
` ` neither of those boys will remember a thing tomorrow morning .
deidre said , giving jim another arch look , but this time the whole laser - beam thing seemed to have lost its potency .
he did n't say a word , but the silence in the cab became a heavy thing .
he taught me every damn thing i know , and when i finally made it to the top ... '' his voice strangled .
i ca n't do a thing about it either .
` ` honey , there is n't one thing i can teach you about kissing . ''
i ' m still trying to understand how a person like you could write a thing like that . ''
i want to believe that you could n't write a thing like that .
` ` you know , the whole family name thing should give you pause .
` ` there is no such thing in last chance .
hettie probably does n't know a thing about it .
and it seems to me you just let that fancy english dude pay five hundred dollars for rocky , and you did n't do a damn thing to stop him .
` ` i do n't know a thing about kickbacks .
do you really love dash even though he thought that whole lasso thing was a joke ? ''
of course , the main difference between stone and sharon and rocky and hugh was a little thing called a marriage vow .
` ` i ' m satisfied that you did n't know a thing about his plan to have daddy 's land condemned .
he had n't done a thing , really , to defend the accusations stone had thrown in his direction .
i do n't know a thing about pop 's stay in last chance .
` ` i do n't know a thing about fishing .
` ` you know , '' lark said , ` ` i did a project in college about that very thing . ''
he did n't say a thing , yet she became increasingly aware of him as the silence deepened .
` ` an apology does n't mean a thing if you have no idea what you 're apologizing for .
i was just thinking that , after what you did for lord woolham , maybe you could help with this kismet thing , too . ''
i tell you , sally 's strudel was the most delicious thing i ever tasted .
and that means not telling clay a thing about it . ''
it was the softest thing she had ever felt .
` ` no , i do n't do that sort of thing . ''
and that was the third thing i discovered .
but it was the closest thing he had to a home .
` ` i would n't change a thing about you , lil , but that does n't mean i wo n't prove to you later exactly how much i can accomplish in ten minutes . ''
marie said , ` ` fear is an ugly thing , is n't it ?
` ` that 's why i have n't said a thing to him .
i would n't change a thing about you , abby .
` ` um ... that 's the thing , '' i said .
it 's not even a thing .
he had the eyes of a hawk , never missed a thing .
some day you 'll be glad there 's a place you can go without those annoying things ringing for your attention . ''
she did n't yet understand that there was no such thing as total safety in a world with so much magical chaos .
i keep forgetting about this ghost - form thing .
if she had n't already been through this with anna and luc she would have balked about the whole soul thing , but she knew what it meant and what she 'd be giving him .
grey was reasonably sure that he knew a number of things about their mother that hal did not , but this was neither the time nor place to mention them .
there had been nothing on the page he had read to suggest such a thing ; it had been part of an account of a meeting his father had had with a longtime friend and their discussion of astronomy , quite innocuous .
a man 's means were generally of more interest than his face , and everyone would be wondering the same thing of a newcomer - though not everyone would ask so bluntly .
` ` she does n't even know where he is , poor thing . ''
` ` she is shattered , poor thing , '' lady dunsany said , her own lips trembling .
but since the only thing you do know of him is that he was once a prominent jacobite ... ? ''
her belly had firmed up in some indefinable fashion , so that it seemed even larger , if such a thing was possible .
there was one thing , perhaps , that he might give stephan ; it might not help - it had n't helped percy - but it was what he had .
it was a sly thing , barely noticeable by contrast with the pain , but he was aware of it .
` ` that was the only thing those pages had in common . ''
` ` i mean i will not try to persuade my uncle alexander to pry this thing out of fitzgibbons 's hands . ''
still , there was the one small thing that he had deliberately omitted , and it gave him a minor qualm .
` ` there 's a thing ye ought to know , '' jamie said abruptly .
` ` there is a thing i want , '' fraser said , very low - voiced , still in german .
` ` i ' ve a wee thing for ye , mrs . betty , '' he said without preliminary .
` ` remember that sweet thing you dated in our navy cadet days ?
as far as her being here for him was concerned , he did n't owe her a thing .
and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it .
even after all this time , my body had not forgotten a thing .
during the day , i organized the many details that were fiona 's life : coordinating her weekly massage appointments to take place in paris , ensuring i had a whole caseload of her favorite brand of english breakfast tea , and arranging the post - it note bible in alphabetical order , with subsections according to things i thought might pertain to our trip .
the only thing i did n't have here in paris was a friend .
and i would n't mind getting her nak*d . her skin was so soft , her body a thing of wonder .
watching ben lose control was a thing of beauty .
` ` lie still , you naughty little thing . ''
if we were keeping score , that little thing afforded me extra points .
he sensed the answer , but it was an ethereal thing , always floating just beyond his comprehension .
you do n't have to do any thing but stay out of the way . ''
and he had n't done a darn thing , except make her fall in love with him .
if you 'd been half as smart as you seem to think you are , the horse would already be dead and maris mackenzie would n't suspect a thing .
she was an expert in laser optics , but she did n't know a damn thing about flirting .
she does n't know the first thing about submission .
it 's not all for gabriel and it definitely does n't have a damn thing to do about me .
it 's simply the best thing i ever ate in my life . ''
after all , there was no such thing as a love spell .
the dog did n't seem to care , just measured his breath so he would n't pant too much , his eyes sharp with the knowledge that this was his lot and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
i would n't change a thing , but must admit that life seems just about perfect . ''
the moral thing .
you respected my mother and made food in her kitchen , which is the most important thing you can ever give her .
she felt certain she 'd be unable to taste a thing .
there were times when she felt like a fraud when insisting to kevin that he came first and that family was the most important thing he 'd have .
she untied the yarn carefully , and the first thing that struck her as she unrolled the message was the paper .
i do n't want to miss a thing . ''
* * * later that evening garrett said , ` ` you know , theresa , i ca n't find a single thing wrong with you . ''
i ca n't find a single thing wrong with you .
true love is rare , and it 's the only thing that gives life real meaning . ''
the only thing his parents had during those times were letters , which were infrequent at best .
the only thing anyone knew for certain was that george persall had had the microfilm in his possession .
` ` i could n't hear you breathing , and i ca n't see a thing .
a name was only a small thing , but it was a chink in his armor , a link to another person that he did n't want .
what makes you say a thing like that ? ''
sable wished she could have found something wrong with him , any little thing that would have made him less appealing .
despite his fury , he looked like heaven , her heaven , but she could n't do a damn thing about that as long as she was undercover in his field office .
the wall between them was a tangible thing and it frightened him .
her love for him was a precious thing .
she 'd bet he knew a thing or two about pleasure , and if she was lucky , he 'd share that knowledge .
royalty had servants for that kind of thing .
the only thing i know about concussions is what i ' ve seen on the discovery channel , and that 's not much . ''
and i ca n't do a damned thing about it because i ' m cornered here like a kid in timeout . ''
if lady sybil 's seen lounging abed still , no one will think a thing of it . ''
ye dinna owe his lordship a thing . ''
you do n't know a thing about marriage . ''
` ` that does n't mean a damn thing . ''
the next thing he remembered was pain .
` ` i ' m not thinking a single thing , except that it 's good to see you smile again . ''
he 'd continued to write her every day since , and all he 'd gotten in return were chatty letters that did n't say a damn thing about what she was feeling or thinking .
` ` not a damn thing , '' he answered flippantly .
for all his rush , he did n't seem to have a thing to say .
idle curiosity was the last thing she expected from royce .
she knew her name and that riley claimed she did n't mean a thing to him , but beyond that she was in the dark .
riley never thought he 'd appreciate the sexless thing , but he was wrong .
she does n't know a thing about ice cream or pizza or anything else . ''
it was the only thing that made sense - and yet it did n't .
plus he had n't understood the first thing about pleasing a woman and he had n't worried about getting her pregnant , either .
` ` i did n't say my nails were the most important thing .
and that means if you tell me you 're a good lover , you 're probably a great lover and i have no business trying to teach you a blessed thing . ''
if he 'd played along , he might have learned a thing or two , relieved some of that frustration , and had a hell of a lot of fun in the process .
the ... the nipple - wiggling thing .
but i keep thinking of you being affected this way , and me never suspecting a thing .
` ` but not you , '' she said , wondering if she could learn a thing or two from jack about being real .
harry could n't see a thing .
i just want to get you this one simple thing . ''
damn , now you ca n't see a thing !
with all that orange padding he would n't feel a thing .
but a secret crush was the only thing that made any sense .
` ` a thing , '' she said , raising her voice a fraction .
` ` and the second thing , '' betsy continued .
for one thing , he 'd know going in that he could n't expect more than this .
` ` so what about this other thing ? ''
no offense , but when you say the whole thing like that , i picture some dorky guy , somebody in government , maybe . ''
` ` that 's the first thing you have to learn .
once they were alone , chemistry could take over and financial information would be the farthest thing from his mind .
ally knew she was blushing and could n't do a thing about it .
first of all , leon wo n't know a thing about this .
` ` i do n't see a thing . ''
you can have the whole thing . ''
now that he 'd pushed her glasses on top of her head , the only thing she could see clearly was his face , which was all she wanted to see , anyway .
the code name thing seems like some b - movie shtick . ''
the warmth of her thigh against his was the only thing that seemed to register in his fevered brain .
a chorus of dancing girls could have come through the room and you would n't have heard a thing . ''
she thinks i ' m throwing my life away , and then there 's this thing about her roots . ''
while he was taking his razor and shaving cream out of his backpack , she was able to set her trap without him noticing a thing .
it 's that photographic memory thing .
this valentine thing was getting ridiculous .
` ` the morse code thing , would that be any kind of clue ? ''
` ` did n't hear a thing . ''
the truth was an ugly , unforgiving thing .
` ` ' t is a simple enough thing , '' he murmured as he curled his fingers around her hips .
the only thing he could be assured of was that quite possibly he 'd never be sure of her or what each day would bring from this day forward .
she 'd always been an odd little thing , but she was pure montgomery , and graeme loved her dearly .
his body found her pleasing and there was n't a damn thing he could do about that .
it was such a simple thing and yet he felt it all the way to his soul .
she was fiercely proud that no one had given her a thing .
jude laughed and went on as if she had n't asked a thing .
` ` there 's one other thing ... '' ` ` what ?
all the strength she had - and it was a slippery thing , her strength , as small as a guppy and as hard to hold - she used to control her emotions .
no one seemed to know a damn thing about her , or if they did , they were n't talking .
i used you to get away from my father , but i never gave him a damn thing about you .
` ` it 's something i ' ve considered , but the only thing that makes no sense to me is why there is such an emphasis on sophie .
the key had been her insurance policy , but now it was the only thing that stood between marlene kelly and certain death .
' i am not sure ... ' ' is that quite the thing , edith ... ? '
` ` i know who you are , suzanna , and it 's exactly who i want you to be ; i would n't change a thing . ''
with a sigh , beth said , ` ` i do n't know why i thought pain medication would make you a pleasant patient ; it obviously has n't done a thing for your disposition .
that was a twenty - two - year - old coming in here , not knowing a damn thing , and being led astray by a guy who perfected the art of negging . ''
` ` i had no such thing , '' she argued .
` ` i have n't been sleeping well ... headaches ... sick to my stomach ... that sort of thing . ''
what he and annie had done tonight did n't change a thing .
` ` ooh - ee , that 's a beautiful thing .
it was something she 'd always taken for granted in her marriage , the way you could say anything at any time , reveal any secret thing about yourself .
the next thing you hear is sirens ... and funeral music .
the man was the closest thing he had to a brother .
` ` tell me , precious , would your mythical dominant save you from living in an alley , give you shelter and food , put clothes on your back , then finance your education , and never demand a goddamn thing in return ? ''
` ` neither of us gains a damn thing if i dance around your pretty feet .
i doubt it would have changed a damned thing .
moping and mooning was n't going to accomplish a damn thing .
hammer could give this woman what she craved , and it did n't cost him a thing .
` ` that does n't tell me a thing , '' she complained .
i do n't feel a thing now . ''
` ` that 's the silliest thing i ever heard , '' she rallied , rubbing her eyes with one hand .
good heavens , i did n't know a thing about love until i met colby .
i did n't tell him a thing about talking to your mother or about the three precious children the two of you are going to have someday . ''
` ` oh , i know quite a lot of things about parasites , '' i said casually , taking the saucer off the bowl in which i had been brewing the mix of dogwood bark and gallberries .
by the time i had to draw her broken tooth , i thought , she would n't feel a thing .
that some are saved , i mean , and some damned , and not a thing to be done about it ?
he could not bear to think of it , save in the most fleeting way , but knew he could never forget the slightest thing about it .
` ` he 's gone a lot , for one thing , leaving poor marsali to mind the children and do all the work . ''
he thought vaguely of brianna 's talk of giant orbs that whirled through space , the thing called gravity - and what was grave about it ?
the main thing i wanted to know was whether he was dead or not , but brown almost certainly did n't know that .
god , you 're a solid wee thing , sassenach . ''
` ` not a thing , lad , '' she said , depositing a fresh spatulaful of scrambled eggs onto his plate .
` ` slice into them , and get at what 's ailing - and they 'd never feel a thing ! ''
` ` ye dinna understand a thing , do ye ? ''
he gave her a long , hard look , and she wondered for an instant whether there was such a thing as a black emerald .
she looked surprised at that ; clearly bonnet was the farthest thing from her mind .
farquard campbell was a justice of the peace - and likely the only thing approaching a judge within the county , since the circuit court had ceased to operate .
there 's no but one other printer in the town , and from what macdonald says , he 's an elderly gentleman , and sae much afraid o ' the committee and the governor both , he willna print a thing but books of sermons and handbills advertising horseraces . ''
ian had been shaping wood for a bow one day , concentrating on the flow of the grain beneath his knife , trying to see those things in the swirls that emily saw , to hear the voice of the tree , as she had told him .
so it 's not a thing ye ' ve got where - when '' -he stumbled a bit- '' where ye come from ?
it had been a good many years since she 'd been taught the baltimore catechism , but it was n't the sort of thing you forget .
` ` what sort of pen name would you use , if you were going to write this sort of thing ? ''
but she would give me ... some small thing .
that 's what she said to me , '' he said , and his voice had grown husky , ` ` ' some small thing , that maybe ye can use . ' ''
` ` well , see , that 's the thing , '' she said softly .
with the wind as it was , there was little chance of our being overheard here , but this was not the sort of thing i thought anyone should hear .
she could not simply inform jem that there was no such thing as a ghost - particularly as she was not entirely convinced of that herself .
it had gone away as abruptly as it had happened ; the tang of mr . buchanan 's tobacco was much stronger , but now it was only the mellow burning of cured leaves , not a mottled green - brown thing that writhed through her sinuses and rattled the membranes of her brain like a tin roof in a hailstorm .
tears were falling down her face , and roger was saying something , but she did n't attend the words , and the children were making an uproar upstairs , the builders were still arguing outside , and the only thing in the world she could see were the faded words on the page , written in a sprawling , difficult hand .
that thing that says ` ` i am , '' and forms the core of personality .
still , i knew a thing or two myself , and i had no intention whatever of exposing myself to what passed for medical care here .
well , that 's hardly fair ; i dinna remember a thing about it . ''
` ` the most important thing i ' ve learned about women , sassenach , is which one to choose . ''
jamie was right ; while the letters from supporters spoke hopefully of the impending restoration , james 's letters to his son mentioned no such thing , but were all concerned with charles 's making a good impression upon louis .
` ` no , not a thing , '' i said again , reaching for the ewer on the stand .
` ` i would n't suppose you enjoyed it a bit , did you , poor thing ? ''
if he 's going to fight a duel , what 's the first thing he 'll need ?
i was a sickly wee thing , and she nursed me often .
for one thing , there is something of a difference in our stations .
or , for that matter , he might have wished to ensure that the stuarts did in fact have some substantial backing for their cause before becoming financially involved himself ; after all , contributing to a rebellion is not the same thing as supporting an entire army single - handed .
` ` not a thing , just now . ''
` ` that 's the most awful thing i ' ve ever- '' ` ` of interest , '' i echoed , eyes fixed firmly on the book .
` ` if you think you have the slightest thing in common with stephen bonnet , you 're dead wrong , '' i said firmly .
` ` there 's such a thing as mercy , too . ''
` ` it 's nothing to do with frank randall or how you feel about him - aye , he was your father , and there 's not a thing will ever change that .
there was blood on his hand ; she 'd bitten him and he had n't felt a thing .
she did n't say a thing , nor did he .
i did n't see or hear a thing , but the hair rose suddenly on my body , instinct rippling up arms and neck like electric current .
` ` here , i canna see a thing ; hand me the light . ''
i held up the raven's - feather amulet , turned my face skyward ; and solemnly intoned the most sonorous thing i could remember , which happened to be dr . rawlings 's receipt for the treatment of syphilis , rendered in latin .
this was the thing that was harder to explain than the rest of it .
the coin was warm and solid in his palm , an alien thing in this world of drifting chill .
but give the poor thing a wee rest , hm ? ''
still , i knew one thing she had not - the manifold virtues of that smallest of plants , the lowly bread mold .
` ` where did ye learn a thing like that ? ''
roger barely kept himself from taking an involuntary step backward , thinking as he did so that claire had not exaggerated a single thing in her descriptions of jamie fraser .
and i did not think he would ask ; it was the last thing he would want to know .
i knew what he wanted of me ; the same thing i wanted so desperately of him - reassurance .
he 'd seen the man 's eyes first thing when he woke , bright green and intent , and for one second his wame had shriveled up into a ball , thinking of geillis duncan .
if not , the last thing he meant to tell mackenzie now was the truth ; time enough for that when - if - they were safely away .
that 's the first thing i ' ve heard that gives me a good opinion of ye , sir . ''
he could n't tell a thing from the soft , wide mouth or the slanted cat - eyes .
the only thing i could see against that hypothesis was the presence of bodies under the altar stone and cremated remains in the z holes .
` ` sometimes i think i remember little bits of things - a lamp over my head , swinging back and forth , a sort of sweet oily taste on my lips , people saying things to me - but i do not know if any of it 's real .
` ` that isna at all the same thing !
you do n't care a thing about me !
` ` there 's such a thing as justice , claire .
` ` here , though '' -her hands rose protectively to the top of her stomach- '' that 's where you feel things most , of course . ''
jamie fraser is the closest thing i ' ve got to a son ! ''
so i sat , listening to my own breathing , and the tiny sounds of a silent place ; the inaudible things normally hidden in other sounds .
the first thing to greet me on my return was the hot stink of scorching metal .
` ` she quite cured my arm , with no more than a touch here , a touch there - and drew a broken tooth so clean that i scarce felt a thing !
` ` well , it 's not quite the same thing , '' i said , rather lamely .
` ` i didna ken a thing about it .
` ` she would n't think a thing of my going to look at a horse , and why ought she ?
not the regulation surely ; the only one of them with a spare shilling to his name was ninian bell hamilton , and if auld ninian had wanted to know a thing , he would have come and asked himself .
` ` i dinna recall a thing , '' duncan said ruefully .
` ` that 's the best thing i ' ve tasted in months . ''
` ` i never thought of such a thing . ''
after a certain amount of cross talk and sorting out , i got it established that the word seemed to mean none of these things precisely , but rather to indicate a strong scent of some kind .
` ` i ca n't see a thing , just yet . ''
` ` the only thing i ken to stephen bonnet 's credit is that he killed one o ' yon lurdans . ''
memory was a chancy thing , though , subject to random losses and unconscious conjectures that took the place of fact .
so i see that what it comes to in the end is only the same thing with which i began - that one word , ` ` brother . ''
` ` have you read through the whole thing ? ''
` ` i didna hear a thing , '' he said .
let me add one thing , though , '' he said , and paused , frowning heavily .
mrs . putty had set the facts out very clearly at the meeting , and jack had n't missed a thing .
you do n't know a thing about him .
` ` not a thing , mrs . erickson , '' garrett said , trying to force himself to walk out the door , but something about aundy held him captive .
garrett has tried to get him to talk about who beat him , but he wo n't say a thing .
ironically , she did n't desire a single thing from him .
a red mark branded his cheek , but he did n't act as if he 'd felt a thing .
now she freaked at every little thing .
the horses , instinctive creatures that they were , did n't need to know a damned thing , but adam was only human .
` ` no , that 's the thing , '' damien said .
i did n't want to give him the real thing .
` ` well ... you see ... that 's the thing .
` ` the only thing westfield knows is the reason why you hired me .
` ` so , the wings thing ... . '' i yawned as exhaustion set in .
it did n't seem like enough , but once the words tumbled from my mouth , his smile turned into pure elation , as if i 'd given him the one thing he 'd wanted his entire life .
the only thing i understood was landstuhl .
you have n't even read the whole thing , yet . ''
those shuddering , glowing dots above me were the first thing i saw when i opened my eyes .
` ` ' the sins of the father ' type of thing ? ''
` ` not a damn thing , '' jared said , smiling .
that was one thing i would be glad to have back once bean was born : jared 's warmth had always been so comforting .
in chorus with all the other people , knowing that this is the first of many times i will be here watching remington reclaim everything , every single thing , that he gave up for me .
the only thing i hear now is the silence coming from where brooke sits , tense across the seat from me , with an armful of roses and completely f**king ignoring me .
' t'ladies could teach him a thing or two about fortitude , eh , my lord ? '
i knew from my mom 's many marriages to powerful men that getting their time was the most important thing of all , because for them , it was truly the most valuable thing in their lives .
had i thrown away the most important thing in my life over some weird , inexplicable head trip ? i still felt brett 's mouth on mine .
but i ' m not mad about the money thing anymore .
the only thing that might keep him sane if something were to happen to you is the fact that you have not done everything necessary to completely form the link .
he knew that , yet he did n't want to change a thing .
cole peeked over at savannah , wondering if she could sense his anxious mood , but she did n't seem to suspect a thing .
the honest need in her voice was the most erotic thing cole had ever heard .
` ` you should be having some protein - eggs , lean meat , that sort of thing . ''
i ' ve tried and tried and tried , and the only thing i really know is i need more time . ''
i do n't remember a damn thing .
ian seemed , if jamie was any judge , to be wondering the same thing .
she really was a fiery , spirited little thing , but he 'd simply wrung every last drop from her .
i do n't know the first thing about being married .
the only solid thing she had to grasp at the moment was the case , even as nebulous as that was at the moment .
even half drunk and crying , you were the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen .
` ` i want to more than i ' ve ever wanted any f**king thing in my entire life . ''
but she would n't know a damn thing about how any of this works , dumbass .
love was indeed a strange thing .
but one thing she did n't shrink away from was confrontation .
right in front of him , she blossomed all over , and it was a thing of f**king beauty .
seth ... she did n't really know a damn thing about him except that he was loyal to his friends and family , she 'd never seen a picture of him where he was n't flipping off the camera or sticking his tongue through the v of his fingers and he had an ex so in love with him the girl had damn near lost her mind .
` ` the g - spot is a thing of wonder . ''
as she 'd told seth , she did n't remember a thing .
until his hands caught her h*ps and showed her a thing or two about rhythm .
` ` that i 'd give you any f**king thing you wanted , if it was in my power ? ''
` ` what 's one thing you would want to pass on to our baby ? ''
she wanted to tell her she did n't want a damn thing from her - but she could n't , could she ?
besides his daughter , she was still the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
her , or the wonderful woman who 'd given him the only thing he 'd ever truly wanted in his life .
she 'd hardly eaten a thing yesterday .
and the only thing in dominic 's room to show she 'd been there was the imprint of two heads on the pillows .
then she would n't have to mention a thing to dominic about any of this .
he said , reminding her that he never forgot a thing .
the only true thing she had of monetary value was an expensive diamond necklace that liam had bought her , and it had been taken away to be appraised as part of his estate .
the roths would give her daughter so much , but this was the only thing nicole would have from her side of the family .
i did n't get a damn thing done yesterday with all the last - minute details of the reception to take care of . ''
` ` i kind of know the contract thing is real .
` ` you 're too hung up on this age thing , '' she murmured .
ash and i have this thing .
` ` i ' ve arranged our flight back home for tomorrow morning first thing .
i ' m tired of pretending you do n't mean a damn thing to me .
he did n't do a damn thing that i did n't want .
and there 's not a damn thing i can do about that . ''
the biggest thing she struggled with was having to return to a routine she 'd once found comfortable and reassuring .
` ` my cupboards are n't bare , but they 're the next thing to it .
intellect was a fine thing , but rome was fast teaching her how little her mind could con - trol her body 's natural desire .
watching you grow , with the baby inside you , is the greatest thing i ' ve ever seen .
i would not change a thing about you .
` ` well , for one thing , there 's sex , '' he said , tongue in cheek .
she could n't hear a thing .
` ` well , i for one would n't change a thing about you .
basically he was trussed up like a thanksgiving turkey and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
and yet he found her endearing , and he knew that ewan would n't change a single thing about her .
she was a prickly little thing .
` ` i cry over the least little thing these days .
thomas knew a thing or two about intimidation .
you ca n't spread disease and you ca n't get me pregnant , so the only thing stopping you must be the fact that you do n't want me .
` ` damn it , drake , i have a right to know that kind of thing . ''
` ` i 'd like to teach those boys , slade and vance , a thing or two .
she could n't feel a thing .
she would n't say a thing on the drive over .
and even if it was n't , it did n't do a damn thing for nika .
` ` it means that if i want to see nika , there 's not a f**king thing you can do to stop me .
she was such a pretty thing , especially when she smiled .
i ca n't feel a damn thing . ''
` ` i did n't feel a thing , '' she admitted .
she could n't bring herself to tell him that the monster had licked nika 's blood from her wound and andra had n't done a thing to stop it .
he could have used his bad mojo to enslave her right there in the hallway and she would n't have done a thing to stop him .
the last thing he remembered was pain .
her hair was a disaster and her eyes were puffy from sleep , but she was still the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
as always , the only thing that greeted her was silence .
his head pounded and his muscles were stiff from all the convulsing , but other than that , he could hardly feel a thing .
except , maybe just enough to see how he reacts to that peace binding thing .
he 'd have to go back to his old life of pain and suffering and there was n't a thing she could do to stop it .
on anyone else , the sharp , barbed prongs on the disk would have hurt going in , but torr never felt a thing .
he saw them moving , knew what they were doing , but there was n't a thing he could do to stop them until the odds were more in his favor .
` ` i am coming , and there 's not a thing either of you can do to stop me .
we 'll try that whole sex thing again later . ''
my troops do n't have to do a thing . ''
the last thing she remembered was logan .
part of her willed him to come closer so she could bask in that warmth , while the saner part of her wished he 'd just go away - so far she could n't feel a thing .
we do n't know a thing about him . ''
what kind of an idiot wished for a thing like that ?
he only hoped that for her the dream was lost in the fog of sleep and that she did n't remember a thing .
sure , the whole magical thing is a little far - fetched , but as far as i ' m concerned , i do n't know how a cat scan works , either .
she had n't even had her memories to guide her , only this one thing that had offered more questions than answers .
serena had known him well enough to see he had no soul after being with him for all of five minutes , and yet jackie had been nak*d and intimate with him for hours and never sensed a thing .
she had no idea what kind of communication was going on , but she was n't hearing a thing .
the only thing they 'd want from her now was the blood and meat her body offered .
` ` that whole brain - bending thing is messed up .
he looked all frail , like an old man , even if his face was a thing of beauty .
i ca n't see a damn thing . ''
joseph knew a thing or two about desperation .
if the beast got loose , there would n't be a thing cain could do to stop it .
` ` and you do n't understand a damn thing , '' he said evenly , before closing the door and striding back to his truck .
that was another thing the sorority sisters had taught her , how to appreciate certain things about her own appearance .
corliss would n't accomplish or gain a damn thing by disturbing roanna ; she was simply a bitch , and he was n't going to put up with it .
webb had looked across at the commissioner 's face , which was turning dark red as the man studiously applied himself to his lunch and pretended he could n't hear a thing .
but you act like it 's a cardinal sin for us to know a damn thing about you .
he was going to torture her endlessly , and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it without letting everyone else know they 'd slept together .
her legs were a thing of beauty , and he did n't have to think hard to remember how they 'd felt wrapped around him while he was sliding into her over and over .
he wo n't do a thing because he wants those girls very badly .
and he had n't been able to do a damn thing about it .
he would n't change a goddamn thing about her .
and her voice , which rivaled the rhythmic slap of his heavy balls against her damp flesh as the most erotic thing he 'd ever heard .
` ` i ' m still not getting the jim thing . ''
they were more like some kind of stage trick - a cool thing with little substance .
` ` that 's the thing , '' i said bitterly .
i 'll bet you never got away with a single thing when you were a little boy . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , i ' m not familiar with the mojo thing . ''
and i know you have n't eaten a thing . ''
` ` my god , lily , you may have uncovered the very thing we ' ve been searching for .
` ` i would n't know the first thing about children . ''
this section summarized for your convenience : we do n't know a thing about either of these .
( one must , of course , be careful that such an attack is not on the orders of some other creature or court ; it is always worth remembering that the only thing that the fey like more than meddling in human affairs is their own internal political fights .
the book leaves a bunch of things out !
later , he tries to match wits with the queen of the fair folk , who is admittedly amused by his comparatively pathetic efforts ( and , you know , by the fact that jace is way hot , and faeries like that kind of thing ) , but she makes sure he knows precisely who is the spider and who is the fly in her world .
( not ) for illustration purposes only when i was a kid , the thing i most wanted , the coolest thing ever , was a tattoo .
but the one thing neither money nor magic can buy is freedom from death .
kelly : i guess the thing i want to bring up about love and immortality is that in the mortal instruments , they function in similar ways .
as if the slightest thing would knock her off balance .
the only thing i ' m teaching her is the fact i ' m the last person on earth who should be anybody 's role model .
all along i had been anemic in the very thing i decried - love .
cruise elton strips the underwear from my body , and i do n't do a damn thing to stop him .
the last thing i want cruise to hear is molly and i shooting the sexual breeze .
i was furious at the f**king universe and there was n't a damn thing i could do about that .
he acted as if my stomach was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
she had to dig deeper , andchicago , with its vast library on things gaelic , was a good place to start .
the only thing she carried in the way of money was a few pieces of jewelry , the earrings and wedding band set she had been wearing when it all happened .
the knights understood that , the fact that mortal man can not understand god , that we must not say a thing is impossible , because all things are possible to him , and our understanding too paltry .
the knights understood that , the fact that mortal man can not understand god , that we must not say a thing is impossible , because all things are possible to him , and our understanding too paltry .
when her head slammed into the wooden bench with a thud , she did n't feel a thing .
` ` not a thing , except ... well , i ' m just not into that routine . ''
` ` it 's the most important thing to learn . ''
` ` but now tell me more about this vegas thing .
ordinarily she would n't consider such a thing .
but when it was over , he knew that one crucial thing was missing from their special moment .
` ` and i do n't think there 's a damned thing i can do about it now . ''
her collection of souvenirs was the only thing that marked it as hers .
do you think there 's any such thing as a purely physical relationship between a man and a woman ? ''
that was the one thing she did n't share with her daughter - at least not since lorraine 's early teens .
i asked a small thing of you .
the last thing jack heard as he tumbled over the cliff 's edge was lorraine 's horrified scream .
funny how she had n't felt a thing , not one second of pain , from the moment jack went over the cliff .
the next thing he heard was lorraine 's agonized scream .
your wedding photo was on her bedside table , so it was the last thing she saw at night and the first thing every morning .
by the time she got back to work , the only thing gabby knew for certain was that as forgiving as he 'd been , she 'd never live down what she 'd done , and since there was n't a rock large enough for her to crawl under , it was in her best interest to find a way to avoid him for a while .
though her head felt as though it were spinning , gabby nodded almost imperceptibly as she felt things click into place : the fact that travis usually seemed only half - dressed , his utter lack of discomfort at conversing with his chest bared , an explanation for why he worked out so much .
these days , it seemed that the only thing he was certain about was the knowledge that he would n't trade his years with gabby for anything .
she was n't too keen on the gold - tooth thing , but he looked and smelled clean enough , which you could n't always bargain on .
` ` i hope you do n't mind , '' he said , ` ` but this thing is driving me crazy .
this guy can do whatever he wants , but i ca n't do a damn thing . ''
for one thing , i ' m not sure the district attorney is going to push for prosecution , for various reasons . ''
and i never got him the one thing he wanted from me .
one stupid complaint after the other until they finally get outside , and then the kid shuts up tighter than a clam and wo n't say a thing .
such a tiny thing , this knowledge , but for me it is a gift from god , and i feel our lifetime together , holding her , loving her , and being with her through the best years of my life .
` ` i have n't heard a thing since i was put in the ambulance . ''
she has n't heard a thing for hours now ... ... all right , then ... ... '' looking at denise : ` ` i ' m holding now .
in just a few words , she 'd explained the very thing he 'd tried to explain to valerie and lori .
he did n't say a single thing the rest of the night .
` ` well , that 's the thing ... , '' she said .
but come - there 's one more thing i have to show you . ''
` ` denial is an ugly thing , nicky . ''
` ` not a thing , '' jeremy said .
no one could hide a thing from her .
i 'd played football and basketball and run track until i was a sophomore , and though my dad sometimes asked how i did when i got home , he seemed uncomfortable if i went into detail , since it was obvious he did n't know a thing about sports .
i was leaving in a couple of weeks , and none of this would amount to any thing ; i told myself all those things , and i think i partially convinced myself that i 'd head home just as soon as i finished eating , when my thoughts were interrupted by the sight of someone approaching .
` ` my mom was really into the whole perfect wedding thing .
` ` because she 's a perceptive little thing .
i 'd decided -- possibly illogically -- that victor might give up the information if we offered him the one thing no one else could : freedom .
it had included things like ` ` i 'll give up cigarettes unless i really , really need one '' and ` ` i 'll unleash romantic surprises every week , such as : an impromptu picnic , roses , or a trip to paris -- but not actually any of those things because now they 're not surprises . ''
` ` well ... that 's the thing .
the only thing these two knew was that they 'd been ordered to escort me out of the building .
` ` the only thing i know about that is that it was n't me . ''
it was the first thing that had brought the old fire back to his eyes , the only thing he seemed truly interested in -- well , aside from pledging lifelong devotion to lissa and telling me to stay out of his life .
we emerged from the guardians ' building , and that fresh , damp air was the sweetest thing i 'd ever tasted .
` ` well , for one thing , you 're the perfect fit for the society page .
she was a pretty thing , with hair dark enough to be called chocolate and startling blue eyes , although he tried not to notice anything about her .
as for her other needs , there was only one thing i picked up on . ''
then make you come so hard the only thing you can scream is my name .
if she had n't looked so worried , he might have laughed at the idea a little thing like her could have hurt him .
` ` sweet thing , you can put a spell on me any time you want . ''
` ` this whole small - talk thing .
` ` she is a cute little thing , though . ''
` ` stanley ... how does he seem about the whole new royal coming to the house thing ? ''
patricia , jess , and bert were the closest thing i had to a real family .
the only thing she took from her condominium was an old photograph of their family , one taken at disneyland when the girls were small .
the only thing missing from the room was life .
he would have given his fortune -- hell , he 'd have given everything he had or owned or could borrow -- in exchange for the one thing he 'd always taken for granted .
her smile softened into the real thing .
there was nothing solid to hold on to , no single thing to point to and say there , that 's my truth .
there it was , the thing she still could n't get past .
she was a short , round thing with a seemingly cheerful disposition , twinkling eyes , and dark grey hair .
` ` after a few glasses , i ' m sure i wo n't feel a thing . ''
` ` i did n't hear a thing , '' william ventured .
mary groaned inwardly , for the only thing that anyone might have heard about her as of yet was just how ordinary and dull she was .
` ` i have only read a few parts of it , not the entire thing . ''
` ` i have realized no such thing , '' she told him in a tight voice .
the next thing she felt was her mother 's arms about her in a tight embrace , her lips grazing her cheek in a succession of quick kisses .
she sent her husband a meaningful look ; he could learn a thing or two about gallantry from this friend of his .
nobody would suspect a thing .
the only thing you needed was an excuse , which you were given .
oh god , she was going to come and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it .
but i can't - i wont - have you think that i do n't love you with every thing i have . ''
oh god , it was coming , and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it .
not for the first time , julie wondered if she 'd given the whole submission thing a bum rap .
she 'd already started pulling away , and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
connor glanced over at lyric , fully expecting her to tear the guy a new a**hole , but he could n't read a thing on her face or in her eyes .
it was n't for people like her , to whom love was an ugly , gray thing .
it would only take a few seconds to hurt her or kill her , and there would n't be a damn thing damon or his people could do about it .
` ` uh , does it have something to do with the nak*d thing ? ''
you come clean about your participation and go from there , you pretend you do n't know a thing and ask her out for the same night and see what happens or you keep quiet and give her the best sex of her life . ''
he loved how she shivered and squirmed as if his touch was the most pleasurable thing she 'd ever felt .
and honey , leaving you is the furthest thing from my mind .
how stupid of him was it to just let her go without knowing a thing about her circumstances ?
but the last thing i ever want them to know or suspect is that the entire time i was making love to them i was pretending they were another woman .
you are the closest thing i have to family , emilie . ''
mayhap you can teach me a thing or two . ''
` ` i can not see a damned thing . ''
she 'd opened the shutter on her bedroom window after her shower , but the only thing the moon had illuminated was the endless , undulating desert and a long drop down to the sand .
yet it remained between them , a heavy , palpable thing .
and now he 'd finally shared them with her , shared the most intimate and revealing thing about himself .
noelle did n't know a damn thing about what he 'd done .
he stared at her and she could n't tell a thing from his face .
noelle could n't tell a thing from his tone .
the only thing i can control is what i do next .
thelast thing she neededwas tofret over its unfortunate effectof turning her face florid .
thelast thing she neededwasfor her husband to know she 'd thrownup .
just the idea of ithad stirredhim , and the knowledge thathe would n't be able to doa damned thing about thatstirringhadkept him away .
a chance for him to find a home , a place to belong , things he 'd never had before .
her smile was a thing of beauty that shattered him .
you and i are no longer estranged , and we share the same bed , so the only thing she could wound me with was the topic of children . ''
the pride of young men was a most fragile thing , and while radcliffe normally would have done his most to protect such tender feelings , now was not the time for it .
charlie sighed at her reasoning unhappily , then , for want of a better excuse , muttered , ` ` there is such a thing as being too enthusiastic , you know . ''
i did not feel a thing when he kissed me .
the last thing i recall before being knocked out was our admitting our love for each other , yet now you seem to be saying you will not marry me .
` ` sassy little thing , is she not ? ''
now he had the one thing i wanted more than air and he did n't even know her .
your cousin is a sweet little thing .
he got every f**king damn thing i wanted in life .
he and claire , calvin 's wife , had been going at it a couple of times a week for the past six years , and claire had n't said a thing to anyone .
next to come would be the lecture about expectations and responsibility , and then i 'd cut her off , telling her that she did n't understand a thing about me .
the whole curfew thing was ridiculous .
cassie had been deliberately breaking her apple peels ; the whole fortune - telling thing made her uneasy .
we had meetings sometimes , and those of us with the sight would make notes of what we saw , and those with the healing touch would talk about herbs and things .
but one thing we did find was the burned corpse at number thirteen .
she should be glad he was a gentleman - more or less - because she sure was a sweet little thing .
besides her pounding heartbeat , the last thing she heard was his whispered apology .
the only thing they 'd given him was directions to his newly - created dimension , intel they chose not to share with any other new demon .
the only thing any human had to fear from cain was the least painful death they could imagine - the most merciful exit ramp they had out of here .
it was the only thing fiona had that counted as a magical talent .
the last clear thing she remembered was deciding she was never going to sleep at all that night - and then she must have shut her eyes .
` ` what is this reality thing , anyway ? ''
he still found it difficult to believe ilysa was old enough to have been we d. she was a tiny thing , and in the loose gowns she wore , he could not tell if she even had breasts .
ilysa was a funny , wee thing .
it was one thing to know each other so well that they could read each other 's minds on the battlefield ; this was quite another .
right now the only thing she knows is that i love her .
me : ` ` see , that 's the kind of thing i 'd know if you got me a fake i d . ''
* * * for me there was no such thing as a quick getaway , but we made our way down the stairs , augustus holding my cart , and then started to walk back toward the filosoof on a bumpy sidewalk of interwoven rectangular bricks .
instead , i told him that he owed it to his dead daughter to read this letter from a dead boy , and i gave him the letter and he read the entire thing and said - i quote him directly- '' send it to the girl and tell her i have nothing to add . ''
` ` audrey , please- '' ` ` there 's such a thing as being too good , '' audrey said firmly .
oh , please , if she could only ask one thing ... ` ` supposing , '' she said , and was relieved to hear her voice sound normal , ` ` you wanted to , say , find somebody you 'd met and lost track of .
i ' m not good at making up that kind of thing , but , like : ' friendly tree , friendly tree , bring my special friend to me . '
` ` not a damn thing , '' nick said .
the one thing cassie did glean from the meeting was that diana was in a precarious position .
and i think it 's the sort of thing you 'd want only a very good friend to know . ''
there was n't such a thing as safety anymore .
the only thing i do n't understand is why julian has n't shown up . ''
matthew hated that he could n't do a damn thing to make this right for his younger brother .
i would n't change a thing about our past because it brought us to this perfect moment .
that dusky dark gaze sucker punched him with the last thing he expected to find , especially after they 'd spent six months sleeping apart .
` ` see , here 's the thing . ''
thinking about it would n't change a thing .
his whole world was exploding out of control and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
` ` guy has a fuckin knife scar on his face , and it 's the last thing you mention about him ? ''
that was the first thing , but it was n't enough to send him running through the streets , because what he was sensing here was a change in the public mood .
it was the only thing that could explain why she was here visiting her dad , in this godforsaken southern armpit of a place , instead of spending time with her friends back home in manhattan .
they were the closest thing to royalty in wilmington , after all - they had power , they had connections , and they had money .
` ` i asked for this one simple thing !
yet another thing she did n't know , yet another secret revealed .
she 'd already had one interview for an internship at the denver art museum - and no , they had n't asked a thing about her role at chi omega - which she thought had gone well , but she had n't heard back yet .
yet there was one thing remaining that i had not revealed , something that not even my parents knew .
i did n't know a thing about it until i noticed her cast the next day . ''
when they 'd finished their meal , linda served the pie she 'd baked , which was just about the best thing sophia had ever tasted .
` ` i could n't understand a thing you said to them .
by any measure , he had mastered many things in life already , and right now , it struck her as inconceivable that she would be able to claim as much - even in entirely different areas - over the next three years .
` ` the only thing i do know for sure is that if we both want to , we 'll find a way to make it work . ''
it sounded like the sort of thing that would have been mentioned in school , which was probably why he did n't know it .
and maybe it would n't hurt to learn a thing or two of his father .
finally , after several attempts at a more verbal explanation , she said , ` ` he would not have kept such a thing from us . ''
we were just talking about the boutique , paint chips , that sort of thing .
` ` i ' ve got this push - pull thing with the whole destiny deal .
` ` the whole immune thing is a theory . ''
` ` well , see , that 's the thing .
this amnesia thing really , really sucks .
and i get a huge lump in my throat because this is the sweetest thing on the planet .
i guess that 's one thing i wo n't miss now that dad 's gone .
blinking did n't change a thing .
` ` well , he did n't seem to like a single thing about me .
it looked like one of those model homes with everything carefully arranged and color - coordinated , not a thing out of place .
tre asked , cutting through to the one thing i 'd hoped he miss .
but if you 're so closed - minded as to disown me over this , without talking to me about it , or knowing a damn thing about shea ... then i guess it 's just as well .
i might be a journo , but i do have this thing called morals .
i do n't want to know a thing from him , or about him .
i strain to hear the other voice but i ca n't hear a thing .
` ` i would n't know the first thing about being a dad , '' he continues .
never missed a thing .
the only thing stopping me is the fact that my mother would quite likely never speak to me again if i got married standing before a guy dressed as elvis .
` ` i ' m not interested in listening to a bloody thing you have to say ! ''
` ` the same timid little theresa , who ca n't even give me the only thing i ' ve ever wanted from this pathetic excuse for a marriage . ''
she 'd called the police , who could n't do a damn thing .
dex 's body was a thing of beauty .
` ` she 's a cute thing .
slade would have to get used to that bottom topping thing .
they might even be able to get the innocent little thing into bed .
perhaps she will come with her six - shooters and teach you a thing or two . ''
the last thing she wanted was another kindly lecture on what to expect in bezakistan .
it 's not exactly the kind of thing a girl forgets . ''
but at the moment , he would n't do a thing about it .
alea had been like this all afternoon , offering piper transportation out of the country every time she made mention of her home or a little thing that was different between the two countries .
she did n't understand a darn thing except that they had kept her in the dark about something that affected the rest of her life .
two separate buffets had been laid out for her , but she had n't touched a thing .
i ca n't prove a damn thing , but no one knew where i was going that night except for the consulate .
it was time to prove she did know a thing or two .
riley and law anders were the closest thing he had to a family because he 'd more or less grown up with the brothers .
greg never said a thing about her beyond the fact that she would be a good business asset to him .
he did n't know a damn thing about taking care of a woman .
` ` she 's a cute little thing .
when dominic had asked about it , gavin james had simply handed over the keys and the security codes , insisting that he did n't want to know a damn thing else .
if he 's wrong about her , then what i ' m about to do wo n't mean a thing to kinley , but it will shatter all of law 's illusions . ''
he 'd spent a lifetime being the badass , being the guy who did n't feel a thing .
` ` i do n't think there 's a damn thing i can do .
coop is n't a big believer in the whole ' emotional sharing ' thing .
` ` i wo n't touch you with my hands , baby , but i want to show you that there 's not a damn thing wrong with you .
we 'll sneak on and be in the air before alea can do a damn thing about it .
still , that did n't mean a thing because they were n't welcome on her vacation .
you 're the sweetest thing i ' ve ever had on my tongue . ''
then dane pivoted away and stalked back toward the beach like she did n't mean a damn thing to him .
she did n't have a thing to be ashamed of .
no one would think a thing about jessa .
i would n't know a damn thing about love or happiness without them . ''
she was still the most beautiful thing in the world to him , but she looked fragile , haunted .
not a thing had changed in twenty years .
i would n't miss a thing .
she knew a thing or two about abandonment .
he could n't believe she 'd even ask such a thing .
` ` i see , '' bill said slowly , clearly not seeing a thing .
` ` that does n't tell me a thing , '' elizabeth cried .
` ` no , '' he said , rolling back his chair , ` ` you 're not disturbing a thing . ''
he asked as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
it sizzled and sparked , but it did n't have a thing to do with what was happening onstage .
there is n't a thing i ca n't talk about with you . ''
` ` a woman does n't tell her husband that sort of thing over the phone , '' summer insisted .
today , she 'd awakened to a ringing phone , news of a brutal , sex - related homicide the first thing she 'd heard as she surfaced from a sleep so deep it was almost like death itself .
lying there , looking at him , she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .
he 'd been so wrapped up in his sister 's death and his documentary that he had n't seen the threat to genevieve until it was almost too late , and it made him feel like a failure - worse , as if the last seven years of his life had n't taught him a damn thing .
i was pretty sure i could walk out and there would n't be a thing he could do about it - legally - but there was always the tiny possibility i was wrong , and the big possibility that he 'd force me to stay whether it was legal or not , and i did n't want to have another tussle with him .
` ` but i need to go home and get more clothes , pay bills , that sort of thing . ''
` ` for one thing , i do n't know anything ; i ' m just saying she 's the type .
he might have jumped the fence and tried to look in the french doors , but i had pulled the curtains closed over them and he would n't have been able to see a thing .
that 's why i 'll chase after you when you go to the beach , why i did n't walk out of the movie theater even though i was so mad i do n't remember a single thing about the movie , and why i 'll move heaven and earth to keep you safe . ''
genetics is a funny thing , is n't it ?
` ` she 's a sweet thing .
` ` there 's no such thing as enough sparkle , '' darci declared .
she 'd make up reasons why she could n't and office break blowjobs would be a thing of the past .
i managed to only forget only one thing and it was the apple butter for table three 's toast .
` ` you 're a feisty little thing , are n't you ? ''
things eventually changed between me and your dad , and while i would n't wish for that to happen to anyone , i would n't change a thing . ''
he could n't possibly know a thing about her .
` ` he did n't want a thing from me other than conversation .
he thought being a teacher was an admirable thing .
it was dizzying , electrifying , deeper , with an intimacy she 'd never dared before -- all those passionate things she 'd heard the girls in the blossom talking about wanting -- all those things she 'd never experienced .
wondering if it could ever be possible to make it right again , if there was such a thing as a second chance , cale walked to the window and stared out into the winter night .
i knew this place was here , but i could n't see a damn thing . ''
i ca n't forget a thing about you , emily . ''
i 'd never seen evidence to support that , but i had once heard one of our teachers go on and on about the same sort of thing .
i could n't feel a thing through the bond .
still , the whole concept prodded me to find out one last thing .
even straining his eyes , he could n't see a thing .
he 'd never been entirely sure how she 'd cajoled him into coming , but year after year he 'd found himself driving north from new york city , looking forward to spending time with the closest thing he had to family now that his folks were both dead .
` ` in recent years mae was the closest thing i had to family .
` ` do you think there 's such a thing as destiny ? ''
the next thing is food . ''
that last thing bothered me .
it was my turn now , and i could n't do a damn thing about it - because i could n't .
i told him about my mother , her medical bills and the upkeep on her house ; i basically poured the whole thing out . ''
she was such a charming little thing , all curly golden hair and enchanting smiles . ''
this was the absolute worst time she could reveal such a thing , and the absolute best .
juliana was a sweet little thing .
things that will only torment me 'cause i 'll never know just how sweet you taste .
low started talking and larissa told me , ` ` bye '' ` ` did you get that thing about the princess 's new hair ? ''
` ` yeah , the whole dui thing kind of clued me in . ''
you 're a bossy little thing .
even bruised and fragile , she was the most beautiful thing he 'd seen in his life .
she likely had n't felt a thing at the time .
they drugged her and tortured her and there was n't a goddamn thing i could do about it .
because there was n't a thing on this earth he would n't do to make her happy and feel secure .
` ` never forget that family is the most important thing .
but nathan 's life would n't be worth shit without her , and her sacrifice would n't mean a damn thing in the end .
to sit there like he did n't feel a thing .
amnesia was a curious thing .
dreams do n't mean a thing . ''
a craving to be bound and dominated- '' ` ` you do n't see a damn thing !
` ` the only thing i want you to get is the hell off me . ''
in fact , morgan 's injury had made him realize a thing or two .
was that the only thing that stopped him ?
virginity would n't mean a damn thing to either of them .
` ` a regurgitation of the past is not going to change a thing . ''
after that , she did n't remember a damn thing .
why do n't you tell them all the wonderful things about your new place ? ''
someone who knew a thing or ten about security systems tampered with the sensors in her upstairs windows , then rigged the control panel to automatically bypass that zone . ''
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about me , and that question proves it .
invading my personal space does n't accomplish a damn thing . ''
` ` they 're just words and they do n't mean a damn thing . ''
it only reminded him of everything that was wrong and would n't change a damn thing .
but his feelings did n't change a damn thing .
i would n't change a thing about you .
she could only latch on to bits of things that made no sense - an overbright government office with bored clerks , flashbulbs , strangers laughing , a moonlit garden .
though i do n't appreciate the whole ' withholding orgasm ' thing . ''
your body craves domination , takes to it like surrender is the most natural thing in the world .
his every move brought her to the edge of pleasure and pain , and knowing that she could n't do a damn thing about it was one of the biggest turn - ons of her life .
this part pissed him off most , and there was n't a damn thing he could do about it .
he was going to make sure the stranger kept her on the edge for as long as he liked , and there was n't a damn thing she could do to stop it .
the only thing that was missing now was for tyler to drop kata off safely on his way home .
there 's just one thing missing ... no sign of communication between your boy and the assassin .
the only thing i received was a letter telling me that my request for married housing on base had been approved .
you 're not teaching her a damn thing , just setting her up to hurt her again . ''
` ` you do n't know a damn thing about me or how i feel about tara , '' logan growled , suddenly standing protectively by her side .
` ` ask quickly , sweet thing . ''
as always , she was such a tiny thing , and he was careful as he wrapped her in a gentle hug .
her nails dug into his back , and she went wild underneath him , urging him on silently to give her every f**king thing .
the only thing that was solid and real and vibrant in the twisted landscape of his reality was the intoxicating woman trapped beneath him .
i ' ve f**ked them without even knowing a damn thing about them .
he should probably shut up now , but he 'd learned a thing or two lately .
my wife is n't a little thing like callie , but the ring looked huge on her hand .
that slash of pain did n't mean a damn thing .
hell , he could n't notice a damn thing but the clock ticking , his dick aching , and that wretched pain only gia could make him feel gouging his chest .
but you tried to distract me with pretty baubles that do n't mean a damn thing .
the only thing she had of her former life was her mother 's faberge egg , but logan had no clue it had been cecilia howe 's pride and joy before ovarian cancer had quickly snuffed out the bright light of her smile .
` ` so are you looking for his arrest record , criminal background ... that kind of thing ? ''
or make love to her later , even with sean , and claim that it did n't mean a thing .
the honesty thing was going too far .
if they were , it made sense as to why blake was so accepting of the one thing samantha knew he did n't want from his temporary marriage .
even if he did love her , it did n't change a thing .
i do n't get the dieting thing . ''
` ` that 's the sort of thing i need to know for my research , the things a rich - i mean wealthy person takes for granted . ''
` ` that 's the sort of thing i need to know for my research , the things a rich - i mean wealthy person takes for granted . ''
` ` here 's the thing , emma .
and what legal thing was terry talking about ?
` ` i do n't think there is such a thing . ''
` ` you'l have to define this binding thing . ''
humans often did n't pick up on that kind of thing .
` ` anyway , donald , my brother 's an expert in surveillance , but i think he could learn a thing or two from you . ''
he might be wearing a primo listening device around his neck , but roarke wondered how the guy could hear a thing through his earphones with all the noise coming out of his mouth .
and explaining the separate tent thing to donald was quite a challenge . ''
and that other thing , the pouch deal . ''
she was a bossy wee thing when she chose to be , and he found that endearing , too .
that 's not what i see , and i have n't lived on this earth for seventy - six years without learning a thing or two about mutual attraction . ''
i thought maybe if we ate some food ... '' ` ` i do n't care a thing about food right now and neither do you . ''
because of the very thing you ' ve accused me of - ego .
` ` you do n't know a damned thing , macdowell .
she 'd hit upon the one thing he would find nearly impossible to resist .
` ` i 'll contact an agent first thing in the morning and sell it furnished . ''
then i go in the den and turn on law and order , since the only thing i can really count on in life is that whenever i turn on the tv there will be a law and order episode .
is n't that just the most fantastic thing you ' ve ever heard ? ''
it 's just this thing i ' m working on .
she has n't brought up the g*y thing , and lord knows i have n't either .
i ' m nothing but a bit character in the tiny cooper story , and there is n't a damn thing i can do about it except get jerked around until high school is over and i can finally escape his orbit , can finally stop being a moon of his fat planet .
the whole boyfriend thing kind of like gnaws at my brain . ''
it 's the slightest little thing , man .
maura : c'm on , will - you know there 's no such thing as a complete lie .
this nox guy is n't doing a thing to make me believe that he 's protecting me , and i was so hoping it was true .
once i realize how that question could ' ve been construed , i flush bright pink but do n't say a thing .
she does n't say a thing but she looks sorry .
you have n't eaten a damn thing in days !
the corner of his lip lifts , but he does n't say a thing .
nox nods but does n't say a thing .
nox does n't say a thing , but i see his foot tapping along so i guess he likes it , too .
lying to myself , i rush out , ` ` it wo n't change a thing .
modesty is a thing of the past .
he scowls at me but does n't say a thing .
he sighs , suddenly looking tired and drawls , ` ` well , it was your birthday and i did n't say a thing ... '' i cut him off , not wanting him to know that it did kinda hurt , ` ` you forgot .
i see him smirk , but he does n't say a thing .
we do n't have to do a damn thing .
army crawling towards me , he yells some more , but i ca n't hear a thing .
i do n't feel a thing anymore .
the man does n't say a thing , but from my peripheral vision , i see his head turn to where i point .
the first thing she sees is a queue of woolen - clad women wearing felt boots and clapping their mittened hands together to keep warm .
they have been on the train only a few hours and no one has said a thing about meals or stopping or when they will arrive at their destination .
nina looked down at vasily and thought again of her father and how a little thing could mean so much .
` ` let 's not pretend that honoring the code would mean a damn thing to you if not for your fellow doms ' disapproval .
you 're not doing a thing to change it , and you 're the only one who can . ''
he had no doubt everything was delicious as always , but he could n't taste a thing .
i do n't have a goddamn thing left to give you . ''
` ` sassy little thing .
the violence of the shattering glass startled liam - but it did n't do a damn thing to improve his mood .
as liam lifted away from raine 's kiss , hammer could n't do a damn thing except paste on a stoic expression .
` ` one more thing stumps me , raine .
you do n't know a damn thing about what i went through with gwyneth .
` ` you do n't know the first thing about fair . ''
and then there 's the whole ` ` nine months gestation '' thing .
` ` consider , zoe , that this thing that you just thought we should know was something that others would have seen as something to hold over us , '' dock said .
` ` i might know just the thing . ''
fuck this whole ` ` sex without entanglements '' thing .
she began to dig through the box of stuff and pulled out the first thing .
none of it means a thing to me . ''
he 'd had a decorator come in and make it look like a home , so as a result , he had some useless items - like decorative spheres made out of dyed grapevine that sat in a wooden bowl on a coffee table - but none of it meant a thing to him .
she could n't tell him a thing about the movie , but she was enjoying being here in the bed with him .
j was two years older , though , and even though j made it seem like he did n't care about a thing , it must have bothered him , because one day rome woke up and j had left .
` ` i 'd have thought he 'd want to share bank accounts with a lovely , well - to - do young thing like you . ''
` ` i know a thing or two , '' he said casually .
it was n't like he 'd never heard that sort of thing before .
and the whole two - different - shoes thing , which could be a fashion statement , you know ?
that 's the closest thing in my life to something being inserted into a hole every day .
the pilot gives me a sharp nod , the engines roaring so loud i ca n't hear a thing .
about the pretending to be g*y thing , and the jessica coffin thing , and- '' ` ` i know you 're not g*y . ''
` ` but the rest of the nothings and nobodies in your royal court have n't forgotten a thing . ''
the only thing stopping her was ... pride and self - respect and ...
pushy little thing , was n't she ?
` ` let 's start with this , the thing i dislike the most about my ... situation in life .
scandals , problems , issues , and any kind of thing the colonel called ` ` whitewater '' had to be dealt with inside so they presented a unified front to the outside .
she did n't ask for a single thing .
her cream was the tastiest thing he 'd ever eaten .
` ` she 's a feisty little thing , '' he said .
how ironic to spend all her life trying not to be her mother , yet now , she knew , she had a thing or two to learn about bravery from jacqueline .
suddenly kelly felt damned small for being angry when she had the very thing carla wanted .
she 'd harbored dreams and fantasies about this man for two years , and yet she did n't know the first thing about him .
her infatuation was truly a thing of the past .
and she could n't do a thing about it .
clearly her parents would have never considered such a thing .
trust was such a fragile thing , but crucial in any relationship .
there was n't a damn thing he could do but wait until the enemy made a move .
there was n't a damn thing more conrad could do about it tonight .
and he had to agree , his insomnia was now a thing of the past .
anyone coming after you will have to get through me , '' he said , tamping down the frustration of his teenage years when there had n't been a damn thing he could do for celia or his mom .
the last thing he wanted was to go back to azalea , mississippi .
um , i was thinking about feeding and naps , that kind of thing . ''
so she gave him the only thing she couldtotal silence while he spoke .
` ` if i tell you what to do , you wo n't learn a thing .
now he realized being a better man did n't have a thing to do with leaving this porch or this town .
jordan brushed aside thoughts that did n't change a thing about his path with this woman .
` ` i 'll look into inpatient rehab clinics first thing in the morning . ''
in fact , the silence was so profound that kit could scarcely hear a thing .
` ` and something tells me you do n't miss a thing . ''
she only gazed at him in bemusement , as if she could n't understand why he would even ask her such a thing .
admiration , for one thing .
and there was n't a damned thing he could do about it but wait .
` ` she could probably teach him a thing or two . ''
it was n't a thing at all .
not that he was sure what the first thing was that he wanted , but ... well , okay , maybe he did kind of know what the first thing was that he wanted .
not that he was sure what the first thing was that he wanted , but ... well , okay , maybe he did kind of know what the first thing was that he wanted .
the only thing i learned at emerson that was worth anything ... the only thing i learned there that helped me achieve my many admirable accomplishments ... '' now he grinned with genuine happiness .
his face - not to mention other body parts - still felt a little stiff at hearing the whole enslaving thing suggested .
dorsey 's lips parted softly in surprise that he would reveal such a thing so freely .
reluctantly , adam sat back down in his chair and mulled over the cinderella complex thing .
he had to concede that she 'd made a good point with the rescuer / reward thing .
she wanted to forget every last thing about this miserable chapter of her miserable life .
but this ... ` ` actually , '' he said as he nuzzled the very sensitive spot just below her ear , ` ` there is one more thing i require of you . ''
she did n't know the first thing about leonard freiberger , except that she did n't think he was being honest about something .
` ` and i believe , '' lily interjected quickly , before miranda could start off on the whole astral plane thing , ` ` you ' ve already made the acquaintance of mr . kimball 's sister , jane . ''
not that such a thing excuses my behavior tonight , but ...
although she 'd agreed to accompany him to a little coffee shop near the park , the only thing he 'd managed to get from her was a brief span of idle conversation , the kind of chitchat that two vaguely acquainted people might share .
it 's like the guy does n't know the first thing about using a computer , which i find kind of odd , because he 's such an alleged industrial wizard . ''
` ` the only thing sexier than tights are those little cotton ankle socks .
she followed up with the conundrum of how something so physical could even be tied to something so emotional - like love , of all things - in the first place .
for one thing , it allows you to know what 's really important . ''
if he knew a damned thing about astrology .
do n't push or that 's the only thing you 'll learn about me . ''
of course , that had been the first thing to grab his attention during her interview five years ago , because the last thing he 'd wanted or needed in a personal assistant was someone he might want to get personal with .
and they knew a thing or two about making a home comfortable without making it too feminine .
a lot of things that she 'd accepted as fixtures in her life had come unstuck tonight , and there was no putting them back into place .
` ` love is a beautiful thing . ''
yes , love was a beautiful thing .
` ` er - fortunately i do n't have a thing to do besides watch quentin burp my fantastic brand - new nephew . ''
` ` are n't you just drawing this out when it would be better to explain the whole thing at once ? ''
` ` you do n't know the first thing about it . ''
still , from her point of view as an art expert , there was no such thing as an obscure renoir .
sitting next to him holding his hand was jaden with his dark blonde curls , who was the cutest little thing .
` ` it 's a good thing you already think of me as an ogre , rachel , because you are requesting the one thing i am unable to give you .
the only thing you will earn from me is pity for the emptiness your life is bound to be filled with , considering you have to force your subjects to honor you , '' she told him , wanting to anger him to the point he would storm from the room .
shane 's team was there to effect her release without giving the enemy a damn thing .
i would n't change a thing about being a mother - well , i might change those sleepless nights . ''
i was afraid of something because i 'd never experienced it before , but love is n't a thing to be afraid of .
though she tried to cover it up , he knew her too well to miss a thing .
the word docile was n't in his vocabulary - for himself , that was - but he had learned a thing or two about give and take .
it was the only thing that made any sense to him .
i would n't change a thing about you , lia .
the only thing he knew for sure was that he could n't leave on bad terms with lia .
she could n't see a thing , and she did n't know whether she 'd be able to do this or not .
` ` yes , with all the stress today , i have n't been able to eat a thing .
tanner decided that he probably would n't admit a thing .
` ` i see you did n't really want to learn a damn thing ! ''
sure , he knew that much of the way she 'd behaved when she 'd first arrived had been an act , but she still had n't known a thing about running a ranch .
as a matter of fact , i would n't change a single thing about you . ''
i do n't think i 'll forget a single thing from that time in my life . ''
she 'd been so nervous over the visit , she had n't eaten or drunk a thing in two days .
grady plopped his ass into a recliner , thinking that every little thing about emily fascinated him .
just the fact that he 'd noticed such a small thing about her glasses was perplexing .
` ` i got the thing i wanted most as a child , too .
he 's not teaching chloe a damn thing except pain .
and it was getting almost impossible for her to see a damn thing .
the only thing i have n't been able to put together is why you 're here when you 're a counter - terrorist agent .
there was n't a damn thing in his background check to indicate that , but there was never a file like his either .
` ` cocky little thing , are n't you ? ''